<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080229_10-K_edgar_data_1357525_0000950134-08-003738.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3732810</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1937297</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>78826</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1233628</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950134-08-003738.hdr.sgml : 20080229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080228190822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-08-003738
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Omniture, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357525
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				870619936
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52076
		FILM NUMBER:		08652388

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ATTN: SHAWN LINDQUIST
		STREET 2:		550 EAST TIMPANOGOS CIRCLE
		CITY:			OREM
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84097
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-722-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ATTN: SHAWN LINDQUIST
		STREET 2:		550 EAST TIMPANOGOS CIRCLE
		CITY:			OREM
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84097

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Omniture, inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 EI+js6bVRcozpeA8R4sASK94dSqRZQg74w4o+Sx3xhTiRS5AH+Iad0dl4B9a6Rp4
 NniQqTdhPjiHIbehUSIw7g==

 0000950134-08-003738.txt : 20080229

10-K
 1
 v37326e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2007 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
 from to 

Commission file number:
 000-52076 

OMNITURE, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 (State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 

87-0619936 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

550 East
 Timpanogos Circle 
 Orem, Utah 84097 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 801.722.7000 
 (Registrant s
 Telephone Number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 (The Nasdaq Global Market)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject
 to such requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of the
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in
 Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting
 Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act).days. Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock
 held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing
 sale price of the Registrant s common stock on
 June 30, 2007, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, was
 approximately 864.6 million. Shares of common stock held
 by each executive officer and director and by each person who
 owns 5 or more of the outstanding common stock, based on
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, have been
 excluded from this computation since such persons may be deemed
 affiliates of the Registrant. The determination of affiliate
 status for this purpose is not necessarily a conclusive
 determination for other purposes. At June 30, 2007, the
 Registrant had 57,643,794 shares of its common stock,
 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding.

There were 71,629,640 shares of the Registrant s
 common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding on
 February 22, 2008.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The Registrant has incorporated by reference the information
 required by Part III of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 from its proxy statement relating to the 2008 Annual Meeting of
 Stockholders of the Registrant, to be filed within 120 days
 after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2007.

OMNITURE,
 INC. 

ANNUAL
 REPORT ON
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 

TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

4

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

27

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

46

Item 2. 

Properties 

46

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

46

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

47

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

47

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

50

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

50

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About
 Market Risk 

70

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

71

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

71

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

71

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

73

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 

74

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

74

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

74

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 

74

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

74

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

74

Signatures 

81

2

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation section in
 Item 7 of this report, and other materials accompanying
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
 Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
 Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. These statements
 relate to our, and in some cases our customers or
 partners , future plans, objectives, expectations,
 intentions and financial performance and the assumptions that
 underlie these statements. These forward-looking statements
 include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the
 following: our ability to achieve or maintain profitability; the
 impact of quarterly fluctuations of revenue and operating
 results; the acceptance of our pricing model; our business plan
 and growth management; operating expenses including research and
 development expenses, general and administrative expenses;
 business expansion; expansion of our sales and marketing
 capabilities; growth of the number of Internet users, Internet
 commerce and the market for on-demand services and online
 business optimization; changing technological developments;
 expansion of product and service offerings, including the
 development of new and improved services; scalability,
 reliability, efficiency and performance of our platforms; our
 ability to provide adequate service to customers; network and
 systems integrity; retention of key employees; the release of
 future versions of current services; levels and sources of
 revenue; our ability to effectively integrate our recent
 acquisitions; future acquisitions of or investments in
 complementary companies, products, services or technologies;
 acquisition of new customers; customer renewal rates; our
 expectations concerning relationships with third parties,
 including technology integration, channel partners, resellers
 and key customers; our ability to compete effectively in the
 market and the competitive factors that impact the market;
 levels of capital expenditures; issuance of common stock for
 acquisitions; changes in stock-based compensation; future cash
 requirements and sufficiency of our existing cash; fluctuations
 in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; our
 ability to attain certain economies of scale; expansion of our
 network infrastructure; our ability to utilize our network
 hardware more efficiently; legal proceedings; our future license
 payments under our patent license agreement with NetRatings;
 adequacy of our intellectual property; changes in U.S. and
 international laws regarding privacy, private information, the
 Internet and other areas; changes in accounting standards;
 maintenance of adequate internal controls; utilization of net
 operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to reduce our tax
 payments in future periods; the trends of our costs and
 expenses; staffing, direct sales force and expense levels;
 expansion of our European and other international operations;
 adequacy of our capital resources to fund operations and growth;
 customer costs of ownership; expenditures related to equipment
 operating leases; and ability to liquidate auction rate
 securities without loss. 

You can identify these and other
 forward-looking 
 statements by the use of the words such as may, 
 will, could, would, 
 should, expects, plans, 
 anticipates, estimates, 
 intends, potential, 
 projected, continue, or the negative of
 such terms, or other comparable terminology.
 Forward-looking 
 statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating
 to any of the foregoing statements. 

These statements are based on current expectations and
 assumptions regarding future events and business performance and
 involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
 that may cause industry trends or our actual results, level of
 activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
 from any future results, levels of activity, performance or
 achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These
 factors include those set forth in the following discussion and
 within Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 and elsewhere within this report. 

Although we believe that expectations reflected in the
 forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
 future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
 We will not update any of the forward-looking statements after
 the date of this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 to conform these statements to actual results or changes in our
 expectations, except as required by law. You should not place
 undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply
 only as of the date of this annual report on
 Form 10-K. 
 You should carefully review the risk factors described in other
 documents that we file from time to time with the
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. 

Omniture SiteCatalyst, Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture
 Discover OnDemand, Omniture Discover OnPremise, Omniture
 Genesis, Omniture SearchCenter, Omniture Test Target,
 Omniture TouchClarity, Omniture Offermatica, Omniture
 SiteSearch, Omniture Publish and Omniture SiteCatalyst HBX are
 among the trademarks or registered trademarks owned by or
 licensed to Omniture, Inc. All other brand and product names are
 or may be trademarks of, and are used to identify products or
 services of, their respective owners. 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

Business 

Overview 

We are a leading provider of online business optimization
 services, which our customers use to manage and enhance online,
 offline and multi-channel business initiatives. Our Omniture
 online business optimization platform, which we host and deliver
 to our customers on-demand, consists of Omniture SiteCatalyst,
 our flagship service, and our Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture
 Discover OnDemand, Omniture Genesis, Omniture SearchCenter,
 Omniture Test Target, Omniture SiteSearch and Omniture
 Publish services and our Omniture Discover OnPremise software.
 These services, built on a scalable and flexible computing
 architecture, enable our customers to capture, store and analyze
 information generated by their Web sites and other sources and
 to gain critical business insights into the performance and
 efficiency of marketing and sales initiatives and other business
 processes. This information is also utilized to automate the
 delivery of content and marketing offers on a Web site and test
 site design and navigational elements to optimize the user
 experience and revenue opportunities for our customers. Our
 services provide customers with real-time access to online
 business information, the ability to generate flexible reports
 using real-time and historical information and the ability to
 measure, automate and optimize critical online processes. Our
 services, accessed by a standard Web browser, reduce the need
 for our customers to make upfront investments in technology,
 implementation services or additional IT personnel, thereby
 increasing our customers flexibility in allocating their
 IT capital investments.

We market our on-demand services to sales, marketing and
 business professionals responsible for online business across a
 broad range of industries, including automotive, financial
 services, media, retail, technology and travel. We currently
 have over 4,400 customers in 86 countries. Our customers include
 America Online, Apple, British Telecom, Comcast, Disney, eBay,
 Expedia, Ford Motor Company, Gannett, General Electric,
 Hewlett-Packard, Major League Baseball, Microsoft, Nextel,
 Rakuten, Sony and Telstra. In 2007, our on-demand services
 captured data from nearly 2.2 trillion transactions for our
 customers.

We were founded in 1996, began offering our on-demand online
 business optimization services in 1997 and began selling these
 services to enterprises in 2001. We were incorporated in 1998 as
 SuperStats.com, Inc., a Utah corporation. In 1999, we changed
 our name to MyComputer.com, Inc. and reincorporated in the State
 of Delaware. In 2002, we changed our name to Omniture, Inc.

Recent
 Acquisitions 

Acquisition
 of Instadia A/S 

In January 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding voting stock
 of Instadia A/S, or Instadia, a provider of enterprise,
 on-demand Web analytics services based in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 We purchased Instadia to acquire its existing customer base, key
 personnel and technology. The preliminary aggregate purchase
 price was approximately 14.3 million, which consisted of
 (1) total cash consideration of approximately
 11.4 million, (2) restructuring charges of
 approximately 2.4 million, (3) acquisition-related
 costs and (4) a license payment to NetRatings Inc., or
 NetRatings, related to the Instadia acquisition of approximately
 0.3 million, which we elected to make in February 2007 in
 accordance with the terms of the settlement and patent license
 agreement entered into with NetRatings in February 2006.

Acquisition
 of Touch Clarity Limited 

In March 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding voting stock
 of Touch Clarity Limited, or Touch Clarity, a provider of
 enterprise, on-demand, automated onsite behavioral targeting and
 optimization solutions, based in London, England. The
 preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 61.3 million, which consisted of (1) total cash
 consideration of approximately 29.5 million, (2) the
 issuance of approximately 0.8 million shares of our common
 stock valued at approximately 22.1 million, net of
 issuance costs, (3) the fair value of substituted options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs and (5) a license
 payment to NetRatings related to the Touch Clarity

4

Table of Contents 

acquisition of approximately 0.5 million, which we elected
 to make in April 2007 in accordance with the terms of the
 settlement and patent license agreement entered into with
 NetRatings in February 2006.

Acquisition
 of Offermatica Corporation 

On December 13, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding
 voting stock of Offermatica Corporation, or Offermatica, an
 on-demand provider of A/B and multivariate testing solutions
 that enable companies to define and test the structure and other
 elements of their Web sites. The preliminary aggregate purchase
 price was approximately 60.4 million, which consisted of
 (1) cash consideration of approximately 33.6 million,
 (2) the issuance of approximately 1.0 million shares
 of our common stock valued at approximately 24.8 million,
 (3) acquisition-related costs and (4) a license
 payment to NetRatings of approximately 0.9 million related
 to the Offermatica acquisition, which we elected to make in
 January 2008 in accordance with the terms of the settlement and
 patent license agreement entered into with NetRatings in
 February 2006.

Acquisition
 of Visual Sciences, Inc. 

On January 17, 2008, we acquired all of the outstanding
 voting stock of Visual Sciences, a provider of on-demand Web
 analytics applications. Under the terms of the acquisition, each
 outstanding share of Visual Sciences capital stock was converted
 into 0.49 of a share of our common stock and 2.39 in cash. In
 connection with the acquisition, options to purchase Visual
 Sciences common stock outstanding at the time of closing were
 assumed by us and converted into options to purchase shares of
 our common stock, based on an option exchange ratio pursuant to
 the terms of the definitive agreement.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 437.5 million, which consisted of (1) the issuance of
 approximately 10.3 million shares of our common stock upon
 closing of the acquisition, valued at approximately
 354.6 million, net of issuance costs, (2) cash
 consideration of approximately 50.1 million, (3) the
 fair value of assumed Visual Sciences stock options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs, (5) restructuring costs
 and (6) a license payment of approximately
 2.3 million to NetRatings in accordance with the
 settlement and patent cross-license agreement entered into by
 Visual Sciences with NetRatings in August 2007. For accounting
 purposes, we have not yet made a final determination of certain
 components of the Visual Sciences purchase price. Accordingly,
 the aggregate purchase price is still preliminary and subject to
 further adjustment as additional information becomes available
 to us. There can be no assurance that the final determination
 will not result in material changes from these preliminary
 amounts.

We also issued approximately 0.1 million shares of our
 common stock in exchange for unvested Visual Sciences restricted
 stock awards that remain subject to forfeiture based on the
 original vesting schedule applicable to such awards. We will be
 required to pay up to an additional approximately
 0.5 million in cash consideration as these restricted
 stock awards become vested.

Industry
 Background 

Broad
 Commercial Utilization of the Internet 

The Internet has fundamentally altered the way businesses and
 consumers purchase goods and services. The Internet has
 redefined many business processes and has created opportunities
 for new online businesses, as well as for existing offline
 businesses seeking to capitalize on online initiatives.
 Businesses are investing in innovative online initiatives to
 increase sales, improve customer service, enhance brand
 awareness, decrease time-to-market for their offerings, reduce
 fulfillment costs and increase operational efficiency. In
 addition to generating online sales, these online initiatives
 are increasingly designed to have, and have had, a direct impact
 on offline business as well.

We expect that the scope and scale of commercial Internet usage
 will continue to increase. The roll-out of broadband networks
 and mobile networks, particularly in emerging geographic
 markets, will contribute to the growth of Internet usage.
 Internet commerce should also continue to grow.

5

Table of Contents 

Need
 to Measure and Automate Online Business 

In order to make informed decisions about priorities and
 investments in online marketing and other commercial
 initiatives, businesses require timely and accurate measurement
 of customer behavior. The proliferation of Internet usage and
 the fact that nearly every user interaction on a Web site can be
 captured by the owner of the Web site have resulted in the
 creation of an unprecedented amount of data about how a
 business s customers interact and transact business
 with it. Businesses are increasingly realizing the benefit
 of using information gained from online customer interactions to
 improve functional areas, such as sales, product development,
 marketing, pricing, manufacturing and inventory management. The
 interactive and measurable nature of Internet activity also
 enables businesses to determine how customers arrived at their
 Web sites and to what extent the costs they incur to increase
 site traffic are generating sales.

The increasing scale and dynamic nature of both online business
 and offline business influenced by online interaction
 necessitate that businesses automate the processes by which they
 capture, analyze and act upon information generated by their Web
 sites. The sheer volume of Web activity and the variability or
 spikes in traffic create a significant, and at times
 unpredictable, amount of information. For a popular online
 business, the amount of information generated can exceed a
 terabyte per month and can vary substantially based on
 seasonality, promotions and special events. For any unique
 visitor and transaction, over 100 different variables can be
 captured, such as page name, language, currency, operating
 system, search engine and ad channel, all of which need to be
 stored over time and readily accessible for analysis. Businesses
 also need solutions that can integrate with other internal and
 external enterprise business systems to automate and drive
 critical business processes. For instance, many businesses still
 attempt to understand the effectiveness of, and to implement
 their bidding strategies for, tens of thousands of paid search
 keywords using stand-alone spreadsheets and manual processing.
 An automated solution that could measure keyword bidding based
 upon a variety of specific business objectives and also
 integrate with third-party search sites and internal financial
 systems to bid automatically in real time on the most effective
 keywords would improve the effectiveness of online marketing
 initiatives. In addition, the ability to leverage behavioral
 data, or data collected from an online visitor interaction with
 a company s Web site, to deliver the most relevant content
 or marketing offer automatically in real time would improve
 online user experiences and translate into increased customer
 loyalty and revenue.

Opportunity
 to Optimize Online Business 

Measuring online behavior and automating the capture and
 analysis of data are just the beginning of making more informed
 business decisions. Businesses also need to optimize the results
 of their online business activities. For instance, businesses
 have historically measured the success of their online marketing
 programs by simple click-through rates or conversion rates, the
 latter being the percentage of click-through users who make a
 purchase or otherwise engage in the desired customer action
 during the online session. However, the effectiveness of online
 marketing can be optimized by analyzing and acting upon deeper
 information such as repeat visits, transactions generated,
 registrations, traffic pathways (various paths of online visitor
 traffic flow), eventual conversion (desired customer action
 taken in subsequent visit) or success over time (lifetime value
 of customer) as well as comparing the relative effectiveness of
 different marketing channels. Online businesses utilize a large
 and growing number of complex and diverse communication channels
 to market to customers, including display advertising, paid
 search advertising,
 e-mail, 
 affiliate marketing, blogs, podcasts, video, rich internet
 applications and comparison shopping engines, as well as
 traditional offline initiatives. The emergence of multi-channel
 marketing initiatives, which combine traditional offline
 marketing initiatives such as television, print, magazine,
 newspapers, radio and catalog with online marketing initiatives,
 makes the measurement and analysis of online behavior more
 challenging, but presents additional opportunities to optimize
 results. For example, businesses want to measure and understand
 the impact of their advertising initiatives across all these
 channels, not only to determine how much credit should be given
 to a particular channel and to understand cross-promotional
 effectiveness, but more importantly to make adjustments in the
 way channels are utilized and the amount of resources that are
 allocated to them.

6

Table of Contents 

Businesses have generally relied on a combination of manual
 processes, point tools and proprietary approaches to manage
 their online business initiatives. These approaches have a
 number of critical limitations, including the following:

Disaggregated View of Customer Information. To
 measure and automate its Web site activity, a typical online
 enterprise can use numerous different systems and tools such as
 advertising servers, Web content management, Web analytics
 tools, customer relationship management software, order
 management systems, price optimization tools, keyword bid
 management tools, internal search optimization tools and site
 conversion optimization tools, as well as custom and proprietary
 technologies. Because each of these tools or systems is designed
 to address a specific channel and customer behavior at a certain
 time and many of them use their own underlying processing and
 storage capabilities, they collectively have limited ability to
 measure customer behavior across multiple channels and
 throughout the lifecycle of the customer.

Limited Scalability. Existing approaches for
 data capture and analysis have difficulty scaling to address the
 traffic volumes, amounts of data and unpredictability of online
 businesses. Some Web sites such as sports sites and ticket sites
 can experience periodic traffic spikes in excess of 100 times
 normal volumes. Few point solutions and manual processes are
 designed to perform under these circumstances. To the extent
 that a company integrates multiple disparate point tools, any
 one tool can limit overall scalability. In order to process in
 real time the significant volumes of data generated, businesses
 must make significant investments in IT infrastructure,
 including a flexible computing architecture that allows for the
 easy addition of excess computing resources to handle spikes in
 traffic.

Limited Integration with Enterprise
 Systems. Existing approaches generally have
 limited ability to integrate with internal or external systems.
 In order to realize the full value of online customer
 information in an automated and efficient manner, information
 needs to be disseminated across the business and integrated with
 internal enterprise systems such as sales force automation, or
 SFA, marketing, product development, customer service and
 financial systems, as well as external systems such as ad
 serving or
 e-mail 
 services. Few point solutions available today integrate
 automatically with broader enterprise systems, with the result
 that business processes are limited and business insight cannot
 be easily leveraged across the enterprise for improved decision
 making.

Slow Implementation and Adoption. Using custom
 or proprietary approaches or integrating point tools to manage
 online businesses has generally required lengthy and complicated
 deployments and significant investments to manage the multiple
 tools and technologies. These approaches generally require
 custom programming, changes to existing business processes,
 changes to a business Web site, installation of
 third-party technologies and systems, re-configurations of
 Internet browsers, and ongoing investment in computing
 resources. These approaches generally have complex interfaces
 and are designed for technology-savvy IT professionals or
 require significant training for others to use them effectively.
 As a result, user adoption is limited, reducing the
 effectiveness of these systems and limiting a business 
 ability to meet its objectives.

We believe that businesses seeking to enhance their online
 presence need an online business optimization platform with the
 functionality, scalability and flexibility to manage and improve
 the important aspects of their business activities.

Our
 Online Business Optimization Platform 

We are a leading provider of online business optimization
 services, which we host and deliver to our customers on-demand
 to manage and enhance online, offline and multi-channel business
 initiatives. Our Omniture online business optimization platform
 consists of Omniture SiteCatalyst, our flagship service, and our
 Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture Discover OnDemand and Discover
 OnPremise, Omniture Genesis, Omniture SearchCenter, Omniture
 Test Target, Omniture SiteSearch and Omniture Publish
 services. These services enable our customers to capture, store
 and analyze information generated by their Web sites and other
 sources and to gain critical business insights into the
 performance and efficiency of marketing and sales initiatives
 and other business processes. This information can then be
 utilized to automatically deliver content and marketing offers
 on a Web site to optimize the user experience and revenue
 opportunities for our customers. Our platform integrates with
 proprietary tools and numerous third party online marketing
 services applications in key categories such as ad serving,
 e-mail 
 marketing, site optimization and site search, to enable our
 customers to attain a more unified and consistent view of user

7

Table of Contents 

activity. Our services provide customers with real-time access
 to online business information, the ability to generate flexible
 reports using real-time and historical information and the
 ability to measure, automate and optimize critical online
 processes. Because our services are accessed by a standard Web
 browser, their deployment reduces the need for our customers to
 make upfront investments in technology, implementation services
 or additional IT personnel, thereby increasing our
 customers flexibility in allocating their IT capital
 investments.

Key benefits of our platform include:

Increased Sales and Profitability. We believe
 our services provide businesses of all sizes the ability to
 increase sales and profits through more informed decision-making
 and delivery of automated content and marketing offers. Our
 services enable customers to capture and measure user activity
 on their Web sites and automate business processes, such as
 online marketing, to increase conversion of Web site visitors to
 customers and to enhance the efficiency of multi-channel
 marketing and
 e-commerce 
 initiatives. By utilizing our services, our customers are able
 to identify trends in customer behavior in real time and to
 direct business expenditures towards initiatives that they
 believe will increase sales, maximize profitability and enhance
 customer service and thereby gain a competitive advantage.

Flexible Platform to Manage Online
 Business. Our services are based on a technology
 platform that manages online business data from a centralized
 information store. Our multi-tenant technology platform is based
 upon a massively scalable computing architecture that allows us
 to share common computing resources simultaneously across our
 customer base while maintaining the integrity and security of
 each customer s data. Our technology is built on a
 standards-based platform, which allows for interoperability with
 other third-party and proprietary systems. Additionally,
 customers can request data in flexible formats, such as
 scheduled data and report pushes, real-time data querying and
 retrieval,
 e-mailed 
 reports and alerts, and custom data feeds. Our customers can
 configure the interface to our services to segment access
 privileges across their user base to deliver the most relevant
 data for each user while, at the same time, using
 permission-based policies to restrict the data available to any
 given user.

Enterprise Class Scalability, Performance,
 Security and Support . Our platform is designed to
 scale to meet the needs of the largest and most sophisticated
 online operations in the world. Our customers rely on us to
 capture and manage significant volumes of data securely and
 accurately while providing immediate application availability
 and flexible real-time reporting. In 2007, we captured data from
 almost 2.2 trillion transactions, and we currently manage over
 2.25 petabytes of data for our customers. Our massively scalable
 architecture enables us to dynamically shift computing resources
 in our data centers to maintain application availability during
 periods of intense activity and spikes in traffic at any
 particular customer s Web site. We provide our customers
 with comprehensive implementation, support services, best
 practices consulting and training through Omniture University,
 which offers our customers a range of traditional and online
 training. To support the operations of multi-national customers,
 Omniture SiteCatalyst, Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture
 SearchCenter, Omniture Discover OnDemand and Omniture Genesis
 services are available in Chinese, French, German, Japanese,
 Korean and Spanish, support all global currencies and provide
 automated conversion among these currencies based on current
 exchange rates.

Platform Integration Partnerships. We have
 designed our platform and our Omniture SiteCatalyst service to
 integrate with leading online marketing applications. Through
 Omniture Genesis, we have over 100 application partner
 relationships across important marketing services categories
 such as ad serving/display advertising,
 e-mail 
 marketing, content management, client relationship
 management/sales force automation, or CRM/SFA, multivariate
 testing, community rankings and review, user experience and site
 search/content guidance. By enabling our customers to integrate
 third-party online marketing services applications with the
 Omniture platform, we allow them to link previously disparate
 technologies and data sources.

Independent, Unaffiliated Service
 Provider. Our platform consolidates information
 across multiple online channels, enabling our customers to
 achieve a more unified view of user behavior and measure their
 multi-channel marketing initiatives more effectively. However,
 we are unaffiliated with any particular marketing channel or
 service provider and therefore can provide reliable and secure
 information that is independent. As such, we provide our
 customers with objective insight into the effectiveness of their
 multi-channel marketing expenditures across multiple channels,
 Internet vendors and partners.

8

Table of Contents 

Reduced Capital Investment through On-Demand Hosted
 Model . We deliver our services through an
 on-demand, hosted model. Our on-demand model enables our
 customers to align their expenditures to their required level of
 service. As a result, our customers are able to limit their
 upfront investments in technology infrastructure, third-party
 software and systems, and more effectively leverage their own IT
 personnel. Our services can be deployed rapidly, as our solution
 is designed to integrate seamlessly and securely with a
 customer s internal systems. All upgrades are implemented
 by us on our servers, and therefore all of our customers can
 benefit immediately from them.

Our
 Strategy 

Our objective is to build upon our role as a leading provider of
 on-demand online business optimization services and to increase
 the value of our services for businesses worldwide. We intend to
 pursue this strategy through internal initiatives and selective
 acquisitions. Key elements of our strategy include:

Rapidly Expand Our Customer Base. We believe
 the market for online business optimization is in its early
 stages, and we intend to expand our customer base rapidly by
 investing in our direct sales force, increasing our product
 marketing efforts and expanding our distribution channel
 partnerships. In particular, we believe there is an unmet need
 for our services in international markets, and we intend to
 expand our presence aggressively in Europe, as illustrated by
 our acquisitions of Instadia and Touch Clarity, and in the
 Asia-Pacific region.

Extend Our Technology Leadership Position. We
 believe our highly scalable, enterprise-class technology
 platform, which we built expressly for the purpose of online
 business optimization, provides us with a significant technology
 lead. Our technology is being used by many of the largest and
 most complex online operations in the world. We intend to
 continue to invest in improving the scalability, reliability and
 performance of our platform and in extending the features and
 functionality of our platform. This has been illustrated by our
 acquisitions of Touch Clarity, Offermatica and Visual Sciences
 and broad extension of the Omniture Genesis network.

Broaden Our Online Business Optimization Platform
 Capabilities . We believe our platform, built
 around our Omniture SiteCatalyst service, provides a foundation
 for offering additional business optimization services to our
 customers. For example, during 2006, we released our Omniture
 SearchCenter service, which enables customers to automatically
 enhance the effectiveness of their paid search keyword bids, and
 Omniture Genesis, which enables customers to integrate their
 third-party marketing applications into Omniture SiteCatalyst.
 In early 2007, we released version 2.0 of Omniture Discover, an
 advanced data segmentation tool, and acquired Omniture
 TouchClarity, now a part of Omniture Test Target, which
 utilizes behavioral data collected from Omniture SiteCatalyst to
 automatically deliver relevant content and marketing offers. In
 December 2007, we acquired Omniture Offermatica, now a part of
 Omniture Test Target, which utilizes behavioral data
 collected from Omniture SiteCatalyst to perform A/B and
 multivariate tests of site content, design and navigational
 elements, and to present marketing content based on customer
 segments. In January 2008 we acquired Visual Sciences, which in
 addition to extending the opportunity for our platform to their
 analytics customer base resulted in the addition of the
 following products to our offerings: Omniture Discover
 OnPremise, a sophisticated technology for performing deep
 analysis on offline, multi-channel data and to combine that data
 with online data captured in a customer s data warehouse;
 Omniture SiteSearch, an intra-site search technology that
 enables our customers to assist their site visitors in
 searching, finding and accessing content, products and
 information; and Omniture Publish, a Web content management
 solution. We expect to continue to make acquisitions of, or
 investments in, complementary services, technologies or
 businesses to address the need to develop new products and
 enhance existing products.

Develop and Expand Strategic Relationships To Extend Our
 Platform and Distribution Channels . An important
 element of our growth strategy is to continue developing
 strategic relationships with third parties that can help us
 broaden our online business optimization platform and continue
 to develop new distribution channels for our services. We
 believe our services are attractive to our partners because they
 are able to leverage the information and capabilities of our
 platform to enhance their solutions. We intend to continue

9

Table of Contents 

establishing relationships with third parties in order to
 provide broader and more integrated functionality to our
 customers. In addition, we intend to build new relationships and
 leverage existing relationships with channel, consulting and
 reseller partners in order to complement our direct selling
 efforts and extend our market reach.

Remain Intensely Focused on Our Customers 
 Success. We believe that our customers 
 success is critical to our success. We intend to remain
 intensely customer-centric as we develop our new services and
 improve our existing services. Our close relationships with our
 customers and our rapid responsiveness to their requests have
 been key elements in our development efforts to date and will
 remain central to our strategy in the future. For example,
 certain key features of all of our products, and of Omniture
 SearchCenter, Omniture Discover OnDemand, Omniture Discover
 OnPremise and Omniture Genesis in particular, were in direct
 response to feedback from our customers and the need for the
 advanced optimization technology acquired from Touch Clarity and
 Offermatica was the driving factor in our decision to pursue
 those acquisitions. In addition, through programs such as
 Omniture University and Omniture Consulting, as well as our
 certified consulting partners, we are committed to continuing to
 deliver superior education, training and consulting services to
 our customers to enable them to enhance the value of our
 services.

Omniture
 Online Business Optimization Services 

Our core service offering is Omniture SiteCatalyst, which
 provides a flexible, customizable interface to analyze and
 manage the information we collect regarding interactions on our
 customers Web sites. Omniture SiteCatalyst was responsible
 for 95 , 89 and 78 of our total revenue during 2005, 2006 and
 2007, respectively. Omniture DataWarehouse provides customers
 with real-time access to their data for analyses of historical
 and current information. Omniture Discover OnDemand supplements
 Omniture DataWarehouse by providing customers with a
 sophisticated service to perform deeper analysis and
 segmentation of the data captured in the customer s data
 warehouse. Omniture Discover OnPremise allows companies to
 perform deep analysis on offline, multi-channel data and combine
 that data with online data captured in the customer s data
 warehouse. Omniture Genesis, a wizard-based interface that
 guides users through pre-configured application integrations,
 automates the integration of more than 125 third-party marketing
 applications and platforms with Omniture SiteCatalyst. Omniture
 SearchCenter facilitates the placement and optimization of paid
 search campaigns, a critical area of online marketing and is
 integrated with our Omniture SiteCatalyst and Omniture
 DataWarehouse services, removing the need to transfer data to
 third-party providers or to in-house systems, enabling data
 integrity and providing the opportunity for real-time search
 optimization. Omniture Test Target, which combines our
 former Omniture TouchClarity and Omniture Offermatica products,
 integrates with Omniture SiteCatalyst, Omniture DataWarehouse
 and Omniture Discover OnDemand to automate the delivery of
 relevant content and marketing offers based on user behavior and
 utilizes behavioral data collected from Omniture SiteCatalyst to
 perform A/B and multivariate tests of site content, design and
 navigational elements, and to present marketing content based on
 customer segments. Omniture SiteSearch enables customers to
 ensure that their Web site visitors can easily search, find and
 access content, products and information. Omniture Publish is an
 on-demand Web content management solution that enables our
 customers to easily create, manage and update Web content. We
 intend to continue to develop and acquire additional services
 leveraging our platform.

Omniture
 SiteCatalyst 

The core features of our Omniture SiteCatalyst service include:

Optimum
 Path Engine 

Enables our customers to understand the traffic flows through
 their site. Using the data provided by this engine, our
 customers can choose from several different visual reports,
 including visual ClickMaps and reports showing most common
 actions (such as viewing a particular page online) occurring
 before or after a particular action, as well as actions that
 initiate and terminate a session. The Optimum Path Engine
 further identifies where customers abandon multi-step processes. 

10

Table of Contents 

Advanced
 Segment Insight 

Allows our customers to visually construct segments using
 behavior-based and demographic segment criteria and then create
 reports reflecting just the activity of users meeting all the
 segment criteria. Using this technology, our customers can
 identify where their most valuable Web site visitors originate,
 enabling them to allocate more advertising dollars to that
 source. Our customers are also able to identify visitors who
 abandon the conversion process and to launch remarketing efforts
 to bring them back to the Web site. 

VISTA 

Allows insertion of custom data-processing rules into our
 application. These rules can be used to segment data in real
 time based on customer-specified criteria. 

Excel
 Integration 

Allows customers to designate areas of Microsoft Excel
 worksheets that are linked to data from within the Omniture
 SiteCatalyst service. This data can be used as native Excel from
 within the application, such as formatting and formulas, and can
 be updated from information within the Omniture SiteCatalyst
 service. 

Dashboards 

Allows customers to view the information most important to them
 in a single-page customizable view. Dashboards can be downloaded
 or scheduled for automated delivery in a variety of formats. 

Alerts 

Allows customers to define key performance metrics and
 thresholds for monitoring. An
 e-mail alert
 is sent whenever one of these key performance indicators has
 been triggered. 

Online
 Business Administration 
 Console 

A self-service configuration and management tool that allows our
 customers to create, configure and manage report suites
 pertaining to a specific source of traffic that has been
 identified by the customer; manage user access and permissions
 for individuals, groups and functions by roles and entitlements;
 deploy and manage multiple currencies and languages; generate
 data collection code by application type, including Web pages,
 wireless devices, and rich Internet applications; and provides
 open access to external provision systems through a Web services
 application protocol interface and software developer kit. 

Web
 2.0 Business Optimizations 

Tools that allow companies to correlate advertising,
 subscriptions, memberships and revenue with user generated
 content, such as blogs, videos, reviews, rating and forums, or
 social networking. 

Visitor
 Interaction Profiling 
 (VIP) 

Helps companies enrich customer profiles in accordance with
 their privacy policies to identify and analyze important
 customer segments, enabling them to deliver more targeted
 messages, products and services. 

Following our acquisition of Visual Sciences, Inc., HBX, Visual
 Sciences Web analytics service, is now known as Omniture
 SiteCatalyst HBX. While we do not intend to undertake any
 additional development of Omniture SiteCatalyst HBX, we intend
 to continue to support existing Omniture SiteCatalyst HBX Web
 analytics customers while we integrate certain key features of
 the HBX service into Omniture SiteCatalyst.

Omniture
 DataWarehouse 

Omniture DataWarehouse stores a comprehensive record of all
 online visitor events, transactions and interactions that have
 occurred on our customers Web sites. Our customers can
 directly access Omniture

11

Table of Contents 

DataWarehouse to design reports and run queries according to
 their specific needs. Our customers can also receive direct data
 feeds from the DataWarehouse to incorporate into their offline
 systems.

Omniture
 Discover OnDemand 

Omniture Discover OnDemand, which provides a view into Omniture
 DataWarehouse s data store and allows customers to quickly
 create a wide variety of visitor segments and to analyze those
 segments across various periods and at various levels of detail.

The core features of our Omniture Discover OnDemand service
 include:

1-Click
 Segmentation 

Allows our customers in real time to define marketing
 segmentation criteria easily and create segments of customers
 while viewing how those segments influence the analysis as
 criteria are added to the segments. 

N-Dimensional
 Analysis 

Allows our customers to refine their analyses by enabling them
 to correlate the relationships between any and all data
 elements, which we sometimes refer to as data dimensions, with
 any other data elements. 

Virtual
 Focus Group 

Allows our customers to understand the Web site experience of
 individual customers and gives them the ability to create focus
 group segments based on desired attributes. 

Advanced
 Fall-out Analysis 

Allows our customers to dynamically build and analyze online
 processes to improve conversion. 

Dynamic
 Path Flow 

Allows our customers to explore paths customers follow through
 the Web site to optimize campaign conversion, content placement
 and site navigation. 

Omniture
 Discover OnPremise 

Omniture Discover OnPremise (formerly known as Visual Sciences
 Platform 5 and associated products) became a product offering as
 result of the closing of the Visual Sciences acquisition. It is
 designed for creating specific applications to analyze offline
 channels, such as retail point-of-sale and call centers, helping
 organizations understand how customers engage across the entire
 business.

Call
 Optimization 

Enables companies to analyze the usage and performance of large
 and complex interactive voice response systems and services to
 build a comprehensive view of voice channel activity and better
 understand what is driving call volumes. 

Point-of-Sale
 Optimization 

Analyzes retail channel performance, enabling companies to
 better understand their customer segments, examine purchase
 patterns and determine what motivates customer buying behavior. 

Omniture
 SearchCenter 

Omniture SearchCenter provides a single, easy-to-use interface
 that consolidates and simplifies keyword marketing and automates
 the time-consuming process of managing multiple paid search
 keyword bids with leading search engines, such as Google,
 Yahoo!, Microsoft adCenter, MIVA, Ask and others. Using
 customizable business rules, Omniture SearchCenter helps our
 customers automate keyword strategies and processes, target
 keyword marketing by behavior and lifetime value, improve
 keyword performance with integrated analytics and improve
 cross-channel marketing results.

12

Table of Contents 

Features of our Omniture SearchCenter service include:

Integrated
 Analytics 

Provides an integrated view of keyword purchasing data with site
 activity, including the success resulting from individual
 keywords and ads, and key performance metrics, such as product
 sales. 

Keyword
 Classifier 

Allows keywords to be categorized into groups by
 characteristics. Customers can then view reports across the
 dimensions created by these classifications as well as interact
 with entire groups of keywords as if they were a unit (such as
 by applying a common business rule across all words that share a
 common classification). 

Rule Builder
 Bid Strategies 

Allows automated modification of keyword spending based on
 keywords or groups of keywords. Customers can specify a set of
 rules, which can include a combination of performance analytics
 as well as keyword publishing information (for example, if
 conversion drops below a certain threshold, decrease spending
 accordingly), to apply against their active keywords. Whenever a
 rule criterion is met, the actions described by the rule are
 automatically executed. Omniture SearchCenter contains a library
 of automated best-practice strategies and also allows customers
 to create customized rules for their specific bidding strategies. 

Excel
 List Management 

Allows customers to manage keywords entirely within Excel. This
 feature can automatically populate a worksheet showing keywords,
 spending and other information. Customers can modify this
 information in Excel and, by clicking on a button, transfer the
 changes into Omniture SearchCenter. 

AdMatch 

Associates keywords with the precise text ad that was served.
 This allows our customers to gain greater insight into which
 keywords and text ads are performing. 

Omniture
 Test Target 

Omniture Test Target combines the technology acquired from
 our acquisitions of Touch Clarity and Offermatica, our former
 Omniture TouchClarity and Omniture Offermatica products, to
 create an integrated solution for A/B testing, multivariate
 testing, campaign optimization and behavioral targeting. This
 service integrates with Omniture SiteCatalyst, Omniture
 DataWarehouse and Omniture Discover OnDemand to automate the
 delivery of relevant content and marketing offers based on user
 behavior and utilizes behavioral data collected from Omniture
 SiteCatalyst to perform A/B and multivariate tests of site
 content, design and navigational elements, and to present
 marketing content based on customer segments.

Features of our Omniture Test Target service include:

Real-time
 Learning Targeting 

Omniture Test Target learns and updates targeting models in
 real-time with each click or interaction, to present content
 appropriate for driving increased engagement. Each anonymous
 visitor is scored individually, so targeted content is served
 based on a visitor s unique interests and preferences.
 Visitor interests are learned organically through machine
 learning and predictive algorithms. 

Cross-session
 Targeting 

Omniture Test Target learns from the first visit through
 subsequent visits and interactions to improve the summary of
 site usage and the customer s ability to target content and
 marketing offers to its visitors. Conversion events that occur
 in future sessions are measured and attributed back to the
 original session for reporting and transparency. 

13

Table of Contents 

Multi-channel
 Profile Sharing 

Omniture Test Target offers an open targeting system
 designed to allow anonymous visitor attributes to be added to
 the visitor summary including offline data, such as product
 holdings, time on file and other non-personally identifiable
 information. This allows for better targeting and improved
 relevance. 

Automation 

With no business rules or segments to define and manage,
 Omniture Test Target s self-learning, automated
 targeting technology is designed to streamline the optimization
 process. 

Session
 Optimization 

Omniture Test Target enables customers to develop the best
 landing page for their visitors, as well as optimize the entire
 user experience from click-to-close. Customers can test display
 ad creative, search and display ad landing pages, and other
 on-site 
 elements together to understand and deliver an engaging and
 relevant experience for their users. 

On-Site 
 Behavioral Targeting 

Allows customers to provide visitors with a more relevant
 experience. Omniture Test Target s behavioral
 targeting enables customers to create custom visitor groups
 based on behavior and then deliver targeted content to those
 groups and to easily segment its visitors based on their actions
 like selecting a product category, viewing an article or
 clicking through an
 e-mail 
 offer. Customers can then test different content to see what is
 most effective at driving relevance for its visitor groups. 

Real-Time
 Reporting and 
 Analytics 

Omniture Test Target provides actionable information about
 customer campaigns in easy to use, real-time reports that the
 customer s entire marketing team can understand. Omniture
 Test Target also integrates with Omniture SiteCatalyst and
 other analytics platforms so that the results of customers 
 tests and targeted campaigns can be viewed alongside their other
 site performance. 

Supports
 Search Optimization 

Omniture Test Target was also designed to not damage a
 customer s natural search rankings. Omniture
 Test Target s architecture is friendly to
 customers existing search engine optimization, or SEO,
 efforts and allows customers to test offers without affecting
 their natural search rankings. 

Easy
 Integration 

Omniture Test Target s Web-based application sits
 outside of a customer s IT infrastructure. It is designed
 to make it easy to get up and running on any existing Web
 site with little to no IT resources. Customers
 access Omniture Test Target over the Internet to setup
 content options and rules for test campaigns. Omniture
 Test Target delivers that content to pre-defined regions on
 the customer s site, referred to as mboxes, which are
 created by the insertion of a small amount of Javascript on a
 customer s HTML page. 

When a visitor requests an Omniture Test Target-enabled
 page, their browser communicates with the Omniture
 Test Target server to find out what content to display. If
 the visitor is determined to be a member of a targeted test
 group, they will get the content designated for that group for
 the duration of the test period. 

Omniture Test Target works seamlessly with: 

Dynamic and static Web sites;

14

Table of Contents 

Content management systems;

Flash and other rich media; and

Content delivery networks (such as Akamai).

Scalability 

Omniture Test Target has been designed to handle large
 traffic volumes without impacting the performance or integrity
 of the visitor s experience. 

Omniture
 Genesis 

Omniture Genesis automates the integration of third-party
 marketing applications into Omniture SiteCatalyst. Using a
 wizard-based interface, customers can select from a list of more
 than 125 application and platform partners, including leading ad
 serving/display advertising,
 e-mail 
 marketing, content management, CRM/SFA, multivariate testing,
 community rankings and review, user experience and site
 search/content guidance, to integrate these disparate
 applications into the Omniture online business optimization
 platform. This integration enables our customers to more
 effectively manage their online businesses by providing a single
 platform to run multiple marketing applications, which reduces
 the need for customers to independently access multiple data
 sets and reporting systems to gain insights into their online
 initiatives and to make decisions on how to optimize business
 performance. Omniture Genesis currently integrates with
 applications from more than 125 application and platform
 partners, including:

Category 

Partner 

Ad Network 

Advertising.com, Blue Lithium and Dotomi

Ad Serving 

Atlas, DMT, DoubleClick Inc. and Sapient

Behavioral Targeting 

Memetrics

Content Management 

Interwoven, Mediasurface and Vignette

CRM/SFA 

salesforce.com, Inc.

E-mail Marketing 

Acxiom Digital, Alterian, BlueHornet, Bronto, CheetahMail Inc.,
 ContactLab, eCircle, Emailingsolutions, EmailReaction,
 EmailVision, Epsilon Interactive, ExactTarget, Got,
 Harte-Hanks, 
 Inboxmarketer, iPost, Knotice, Komunik, Loyalty Lab,
 Marketbright, Merkle/Quris, Neolane, Optivo, Redeye, Responsys
 Inc., Rocketseed, Sapient, Silverpop Systems, Inc., SmartFocus,
 Strongmail, SubscriberMail, ThinData, Tripolis, WhatCounts,
 YesMail and Zustek

Information Access/Internal Search 

Celebros, Endeca Technologies Inc., FAST Search and Transfer
 ASA, Fred Hopper, Mercado Software Inc. and SLI Systems

Landing Page Optimization 

Kefta, Optimost and Widemile

Performance Management 

Coradiant, Radware and TeaLeaf

Rich Media 

Allurent and Brightcove

Search Marketing Optimization 

Ask.com, Efficient Frontier, Enhance Interactive Inc., Google,
 Inc., LookSmart Ltd., Mirago, MIVA Inc., MSN, SearchFeed, Yahoo!
 and YourAmigo

User Experience/Surveys 

Bizrate, Foresee Results, Inc., iPerceptions, Leotrace,
 OpinionLab, Inc. and Usability Sciences

Community Rankings and Reviews 

Bazaarvoice Inc. and Power Reviews

Other 

ABC Interactive, Aprimo, Claritas/Prism, ClearSpring, Digital
 Envoy, Expresso, Kwiry, Linkshare, InstantService, InsideSales,
 Maxamine Inc., Oracle, Orange Soda, SimpleFeed and vTrenz

Each Omniture Genesis accredited application partner must
 complete a validation process designed to verify the quality of
 a number of features of the partner s application. A key
 part of Omniture Genesis is our Open Transaction Framework
 Technology, which facilitates the collection and integration of
 data. It is managed through a single point, accesses
 business-specific customer attributes, and utilizes our existing
 image and URL management

15

Table of Contents 

algorithms and code, which enables our customers to implement
 third-party applications more quickly and cost-effectively.

Omniture
 SiteSearch 

Omniture SiteSearch (formerly known as Visual Sciences Search)
 became a product offering as a result of the closing of the
 Visual Sciences acquisition. It enables organizations to
 maximize their Web site investments by ensuring that visitors
 can easily search, find and access content, products and
 information. Leveraging Web analytics, intuitive navigation,
 tailorable presentations and powerful and comprehensive indexing
 ensures that organizations can provide their visitors with a
 relevant, accurate and intuitive Web site experience.

Features of Omniture SiteSearch include:

Guided
 Search 

Guides visitors to products, services or content by narrowing
 searches based on relevant criteria. 

Related
 Content Display 

Present related products or services in the context of the
 search results, providing the visitor with additional
 opportunities to engage and convert. 

Auto
 Complete 

Guide visitors to a successful search by anticipating and
 suggesting keywords as they type. Avoiding common spelling
 mistakes while demonstrating the breadth of content on the site
 ensures that the visitor will find what they are looking for. 

Keyword
 Reporting 

Weekly reports provide actionable intelligence on what visitors
 are looking for, including top keywords and failed searches. 

Omniture
 Publish 

Omniture Publish (formerly known as Visual Sciences Publish)
 became a product offering as result of the closing of the Visual
 Sciences acquisition. It is an on-demand Web content management
 solution that enables business users to easily create, manage
 and update Web content without requiring IT to sacrifice
 control. Omniture Publish improves Web sites by putting control
 of the content in the hands of the content owners.

Features of Omniture Publish include:

Content
 Editing and 
 Deployment 

Allows customers to edit or preview content within a What
 you see is what you get environment with just one click.
 One more click to publish to production or in-house staging
 servers. 

Workflow
 Rules 

Permit customers to set task-based workflow for tight control of
 content creation, approval, staging and deployment or set ad-hoc
 workflow for dynamic collaboration. 

Template
 Management 

Enables customers to manage their templates with this powerful
 system including integrated PHP-based templating, Adobe
 Dreamweaver and GoLive, as well as browser-based interfaces. 

Reporting
 and Analytics 

Customers can tag content for immediate tracking in Omniture
 SiteCatalyst and receive comprehensive publishing status and
 user activity reports. 

Library
 Services 

Content can be managed with check in/out and asset locking
 features. Omniture Publish also makes available unlimited
 versioning and the ability to compare, revert and revive
 previous versions. 

Server
 and Browser Support 

Support is provided for all Web servers and operating systems,
 all application servers and Web scripting technologies and more
 than 70 file types. 

16

Table of Contents 

Professional
 Services, Customer Service and Support 

We offer a range of professional services that complement our
 online business optimization services, including implementation
 consulting, best practices consulting and user training provided
 through Omniture University.

Implementation
 Services 

Omniture s Implementation Consulting Group employs
 experienced technical consultants, many of whom hold advanced
 degrees, who provide implementation and deployment services to
 our customers. Our Implementation Consulting Group leverages a
 proprietary implementation methodology that is designed to align
 our customers deployments with their business objectives
 and requirements. The Implementation Consulting Group also
 offers consulting services for customers who have already
 deployed our services and are seeking to expand their
 implementation.

Omniture
 Consulting 

Omniture Consulting is a premium service that provides business
 optimization consulting to customers. This consulting reflects
 the customer s strategic business objectives, and is often
 tailored to particular industry vertical markets such as
 automotive, retail, financial services, travel, media and
 technology. Projects can include overall marketing measurement
 strategies, customer acquisition effectiveness, campaign
 performance, search keyword profitability, content stickiness
 and Web site conversion success. By working with Omniture
 Consulting, customers obtain access to seasoned Web analytics
 experts that possess deep expertise with Omniture s
 services and industry best practices. Omniture Consulting
 engagements can range in time from one week to several months.

With our acquisition of Offermatica, we also began offering
 access to OTTO Digital consulting services, which is a
 professional services group within Omniture Consulting that
 works with enterprise-level customers to develop strategies
 designed to reap the benefits of increased online revenue and
 customer acquisition through fundamental testing efforts using
 Omniture Test Target.

Omniture
 University 

Omniture University provides training to enhance our
 customers use of our online business optimization
 services. Omniture University offers a range of traditional and
 online training and certification options delivered by our team
 of training professionals. Omniture University complements our
 online business optimization services by offering customers over
 39 hours of free content and recorded training, weekly
 WebEx conferences on specific topics, custom WebEx conferences
 and customized onsite training at customer premises. Beginning
 in 2007, Omniture began offering Omniture SiteCatalyst
 certification training. Individuals that successfully complete
 this training are designated as Omniture Certified
 Professionals. To date, more than 5,000 individuals have been
 trained through Omniture University. We also rely on third
 parties to provide certain of Omniture University s
 services in some geographic areas.

Customer
 Service and Support 

We believe that superior customer support is critical to
 retaining and expanding our customer base. As our customer base
 has grown, we have added personnel to our customer support
 group. Our customer support program assists our customers in the
 use of our services and identifies, analyzes and solves problems
 or issues with our services. The support program includes
 e-mail 
 support, an online repository of helpful information about our
 services and telephone support. Our customer support group is
 available to customers by telephone or
 e-mail or
 through our Web site 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.

International
 Support 

Our Omniture SiteCatalyst, Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture
 SearchCenter, Omniture Discover OnDemand and Omniture Genesis
 services are available in Chinese, French, German, Japanese,
 Spanish and Korean and additional languages can be added
 relatively easily. We also support over 100 global currencies
 and provide automated conversion between these currencies based
 on current exchange rates.

17

Table of Contents 

Technology
 and Research and Development 

Technology 

We believe that our on-demand platform enables us to deliver
 software-based services to our customers much more efficiently
 than traditional enterprise software vendors. Our hosted
 software environment eliminates the need to develop software
 compatible with a wide variety of hardware systems, operating
 systems and databases in our customers various technical
 environments. As a result, we do not need to allocate technical
 resources to make our software compatible with these various
 environments nor do we need to test our software in each
 possible combination of hardware and software services that
 would exist in each customer environment. Rather, we can focus
 our resources on improving the functionality, usability and
 overall value of our services to our customers.

We believe our on-demand approach provides our customers with a
 significantly lower total cost of ownership than would be
 achieved if these customers deployed traditional enterprise
 software. As an on-demand software company, we provide hardware
 requisitioning and provisioning, application installation,
 application configuration, server maintenance, server
 co-location, data center maintenance, data backup and data
 security. By consolidating and performing these services for all
 our customers, we believe we can provide our services at a lower
 cost and a higher service level than individual customers would
 be able to achieve on their own. Our ability to offer a service
 that can be calibrated to varying levels of activity without
 additional customer hardware allows us not only to scale
 efficiently with our customers, but also to align the fees for
 our services with the current level of service required by our
 customers. By being able to continually realign to our
 customers technical and business activities, we deliver
 total cost of ownership for our customers that is lower than
 traditional software installations.

We designed our services as multi-tenant, networked computing
 applications that are divided into various components, including
 load balancing, data collection servers and data analysis
 servers. Each component is designed to perform a specific task
 and serves a particular purpose in the overall application, and
 each runs on a cluster of servers. The overall capacity of any
 given component, and thus the capacity of the system as a whole,
 can be increased by adding and configuring servers in each
 cluster.

We wrote the majority of the software used in our services in
 industry-standard software programming languages, such as C and
 C++, to maximize performance. However, we have also used
 programming approaches, such as Java, PHP and AJAX, which are
 specifically designed for the development of Internet-based
 applications.

Our hardware consists primarily of Intel-based servers from
 various vendors, networked behind firewalls and layer four
 networking load balancers in 15 different third-party data
 centers, including the data centers previously utilized by the
 companies we have acquired.

We designed our applications to be flexible. In particular, our
 platform allows for the capture of online and offline data a
 customer might find value in analyzing, and the generation of
 real-time reports based on that data and the N-dimensional
 analysis of that data to the extent it is stored in our Omniture
 DataWarehouse. Additionally, customers can provide group and
 meta information about the data they are collecting through our
 classification system, augment the data set by uploading
 additional data through our data sources tool, or directly
 insert individual data records using our open- standards
 application protocol interfaces that enable data exchange and
 data insertion. Our customers are able to capture this
 information without the need to interact directly with our
 personnel. This flexibility not only allows customers to tailor
 the tool to meet their needs, but also allows us to make
 available additional products and components of our strategic
 partners.

Customers interact with our services primarily through a Web
 browser. We support recent versions of all the major Web
 browsers on all major operating systems. We have implemented a
 robust access control and permissioning system that allows our
 customers to control which individuals have access to which sets
 of information or perform which actions. While the primary
 client to our application is a Web browser, we have also built
 other clients to our application, including a Flash-based
 dashboard player, a plug-in for Microsoft Excel and a Java-based
 client for our Omniture Discover OnDemand service. Additionally,
 the Web client allows customers to automate delivery of reports
 on a scheduled basis in a number of document formats.

18

Table of Contents 

In addition, our platform enables the collection of data from a
 broad range of sources through industry-standard protocols
 across a variety of channels of user interaction. We collect and
 integrate data to enable detailed analysis across the following
 primary sources of data: Internet sources; mobile sources; and
 offline sources.

We offer data collection methods for current and emerging
 Internet and media formats, including Web beacon tags, Web
 servers, rich Internet applications, streaming media formats,
 blogs, search engines and RSS, an XML format for sharing
 content, such as news items, among Web sites. For example, our
 ActionSource feature enables data collection for rich Internet
 applications through its native support for ActionScript, the
 programming language for Flash. In addition, our Web beacon tags
 can capture information specific to our service implementation
 as well as issue Web beacons for partner application data
 collection through Omniture Genesis. We believe this capability
 streamlines data collection, limits duplicate tagging efforts,
 and improves the end user experience.

We provide data collection for mobile devices to provide insight
 into metrics that businesses can use, for example, to optimize
 mobile campaigns based on target markets, success of offers and
 overall return on investment. To provide our customers with a
 more complete view of customer interactions across channels, we
 intend to offer data collection for offline data sources,
 including interactive voice response and call center
 applications, gaming consoles, enterprise data warehouses and
 client software applications.

Research
 and Development 

Research and development expenses were 6.6 million in
 2005, 8.7 million in 2006 and 17.3 million in 2007.

Our software engineering and product management teams are
 engaged in efforts to enhance our existing services. Our teams
 are also working to extend our Omniture SiteCatalyst data
 collection and reporting platform to import information from
 complementary products and services as well as to develop
 additional services for our platform. Following our acquisitions
 of Touch Clarity, Offermatica and Visual Sciences, we now have
 dedicated engineering teams for our Omniture Test Target
 and Omniture Discover OnPremise product offerings.

Because we host the services for our customers, our personnel
 can fix bugs and provide software updates remotely during
 scheduled maintenance windows. Enhancements to our services
 benefit our entire customer base without any action required on
 their part to install an upgrade or update.

Operations 

We currently service our customers from 15 third-party data
 center facilities. Of these data centers, thirteen are located
 in the United States and two of the data centers are located in
 Europe, one in the United Kingdom and one in Denmark. All
 facilities are staffed by trained personnel, access controlled
 and provide backup power, including generators, in case of power
 failure.

We continually monitor the status of our services. For example,
 we conduct over five million performance checks per day on our
 servers. Although we designed our technology platform to be
 fault tolerant for many problems, we staff our network
 operations center in Orem, Utah, 24 hours per day,
 7 days per week to respond to potential disruptions in the
 system.

Customers 

We currently have over 4,400 customers in 86 countries,
 including America Online, Apple, British Telecom, Comcast,
 Disney, eBay, Expedia, Ford Motor Company, Gannett, General
 Electric, Hewlett-Packard, Major League Baseball, Microsoft,
 Nextel, Rakuten, Sony and Telstra. America Online and certain of
 its affiliated entities, collectively, accounted for 11 of our
 total revenues in 2005 and 2006. No other customer accounted for
 more than 10 of our total revenues during these periods. Our
 agreement with America Online has a one-year term and is
 renewable annually until 2012. Our agreements with other
 entities affiliated with America Online have varying durations
 of approximately one to two years from the date that we entered
 into these agreements and are generally renewable annually. In
 2007, our on-demand services captured data from almost 2.2
 trillion transactions for our customers.

19

Table of Contents 

Strategic
 Relationships 

An important element of our strategy is to establish
 relationships with third parties whose products and services are
 complementary to our Omniture online business optimization
 platform. To help integrate our services with other third-party
 services and take advantage of current and emerging
 technologies, we seek to enter into alliances with leading
 technology companies. We believe this approach enables us to
 focus on our core competencies and provide additional value to
 our customers.

Search
 Engine Providers 

We have relationships with the major search engine providers to
 provide automated access to their search engines through our
 Omniture SearchCenter service. These relationships allow
 customers to allocate their advertising expenditures based on
 the actual performance of visitors originating from the major
 search engines. These relationships allow our customers to
 create and automate bidding programs and strategies.

Online
 Marketing Service Providers 

We also have integration relationships with other online
 marketing service providers to leverage our Omniture online
 business optimization platform for collecting, reporting and
 segmenting behavioral information from their marketing services.
 These include relationships with providers of ad serving/display
 advertising,
 e-mail 
 marketing, content management, CRM/SFA, multivariate testing,
 community rankings and review, user experience and site
 search/content guidance.

Sales and
 Marketing 

We sell our services through a combination of direct and
 indirect sales channels, and we organize our sales and marketing
 programs by geographic regions, including North America, EMEA,
 Japan and the rest of the Asia-Pacific region. Our marketing
 strategy is to generate qualified sales leads, build our brand
 and raise awareness of Omniture as a leading provider of online
 business optimization services.

Direct
 Sales 

We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force,
 which is comprised of inside sales and field sales personnel.
 Our account executives are responsible for initial sales to new
 prospects, while our account managers concentrate on expanding
 pre-existing relationships. We also have a group that is
 responsible for generating leads and assisting in sales to large
 enterprises. We have field sales representatives in more than 38
 major cities worldwide.

Channel
 Sales 

We have a network of third parties that are authorized resellers
 and distributors of our technology, as well as a network of
 third parties that refer customer prospects to us and assist us
 in selling to those prospects. These include more than
 345 companies in the following categories: service partners
 such as agencies and consultants; platform partners such as
 e-commerce, 
 hosting, mobile and application partners; and value-added
 resellers. We have created certification programs for
 implementation, support and sales. We also have allocated
 resources to support our channel sales in marketing, operations,
 client services and product management.

International
 Sales 

Revenues from customers outside the United States have increased
 from 11 of our total revenues in 2005 to 17 in 2006 and to 26 
 in 2007. We have increased the size of our international direct
 sales force through our acquisitions of Instadia and Touch
 Clarity. We currently have sales representatives in most of the
 major world markets, including Australia, Belgium, Canada,
 Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Sweden and
 the United Kingdom. We currently focus our international efforts
 on continuing to strengthen our direct sales and marketing
 presence in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.

20

Table of Contents 

Marketing 

Our marketing programs include a variety of advertising, events,
 public relations activities and Web-based seminar campaigns
 targeted at key executives and decision makers within businesses.

Our principal marketing initiatives include:

customer referral programs;

direct
 e-mail and
 online Web advertising campaigns;

participation in, and sponsorship of, user conferences, trade
 shows and industry events;

cooperative marketing efforts with partners, including joint
 press announcements, joint trade show activities, channel
 marketing campaigns and joint seminars; and

using our Web site to provide product and company information.

Omniture
 Summit 

As part of our commitment to enhance the value that our
 customers derive from our services, we annually host Omniture
 Summit, a
 two-day 
 conference for our customers that provides in-depth, hands-on
 training from our Omniture Consulting group and Omniture
 SiteCatalyst service architects, as well as keynote addresses
 and panel discussions. Omniture Summit has brought our
 executives together with technologists, industry experts and
 thousands of customer attendees for discussions on issues and
 strategies that are critical to the success of any online
 business optimization initiative. Each year, our customers are
 actively involved in leading sessions and participating in panel
 discussions about real-world techniques that have delivered
 tangible returns on investment for their enterprises. To support
 our growing international customer base, Omniture Summit 2008
 will be held on a world-wide basis with conferences during 2008
 held in Salt Lake City, Copenhagen, Munich, London, Paris,
 Sydney and Tokyo.

Competition 

The markets in which we operate are rapidly evolving and highly
 competitive. We compete primarily with vendors whose software is
 provided on-demand to customers, generally through an Internet
 browser. We also compete to a limited extent with vendors whose
 software is installed by customers directly on their servers. In
 addition, we compete at times with internally developed
 applications.

Our current principal competitors include:

companies, such as Coremetrics, Inc., Google Inc., Microsoft
 Corporation, Nedstat Ltd. and WebTrends Inc. that offer
 on-demand services;

software vendors, such as Epiphany, Inc. (acquired by SSA
 Global), NetRatings, Inc., Sane Solutions, LLC (acquired by
 Unica Corporation) and SAS Institute, Inc.;

online marketing service providers, such as aQuantive, Inc.
 (acquired by Microsoft), DoubleClick Inc. and 24/7 Real Media,
 Inc. (acquired by WPP Group plc); and

multivariate testing providers, such as Optimost LLC (acquired
 by Interwoven), Memetrics (acquired by Accenture), Kefta Inc.
 (acquired by Acxiom Digital) and [x + 1].

Some of our current competitors have longer operating histories,
 greater name recognition, access to larger client bases, and
 substantially greater resources, including sales and marketing,
 financial and other resources. In addition, large software,
 Internet and database management companies may enter the market
 or enhance their Web analytics capabilities and compete against
 us effectively as a result of their significant resources and
 pre-existing relationships with our current and potential
 customers. For example, Google Inc. offers a Web analytics
 service free of charge, and it has entered into an agreement to
 acquire DoubleClick, Inc., one of our strategic partners. Also,
 Microsoft offers a Web analytics service free of charge, and it
 acquired aQuantive, Inc. in August 2007, and in February 2008,
 announced a proposal to acquire Yahoo!.

21

Table of Contents 

We believe the principal competitive factors in our markets
 include the following:

the proven performance, security, scalability, flexibility and
 reliability of services;

strategic relationships and integration with third-party
 applications;

the intuitiveness and visual appeal of services user
 interfaces;

low total cost of ownership and demonstrable cost-effective
 benefits to customers;

the ability of services to provide N-dimensional segmentation of
 information;

pricing;

the flexibility and adaptability of services to match changing
 business demands;

enterprise-level customer service and training;

perceived market leadership;

the usability of services, including services being easy to
 learn and remember, efficient and visually compelling;

the real-time availability of data and reporting;

perceived independence from portals and search engines;

the ability to deploy the services globally and to provide
 multi-currency,
 multi-language 
 and multi-character support and to have a local presence in
 international markets; and

success in educating customers in how to utilize services
 effectively.

We believe that we compete favorably with our competitors on the
 basis of these factors. However, if we are not able to compete
 successfully against our current and future competitors, it will
 be difficult to acquire and retain customers, and we may
 experience revenue declines, reduced operating margins, loss of
 market share and diminished value in our services.

Intellectual
 Property 

We rely on a combination of trademark, copyright and trade
 secret laws and disclosure restrictions to protect our
 intellectual property rights. We have 23 issued patents in the
 United States and one patent in the United Kingdom, as well
 as 59 United States and 60 related international patent
 applications pending. The expiration dates of our issued patents
 range from 2017 to 2022. The claims under the issued patents are
 generally directed to: data modeling and classification; online
 messaging optimization; Web site traffic analytics and
 predictive modeling; online behavior prediction and analysis;
 real-time monitoring and aggregation of Web activity; Web
 content management and optimization; and compilation of data
 records relating to Web site visitation sessions. We have a
 number of registered and unregistered trademarks. We maintain a
 policy requiring our employees, consultants and other third
 parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights
 agreements and to control access to software, documentation and
 other proprietary information.

The steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property
 rights may not be adequate. Third parties may infringe or
 misappropriate our proprietary rights. Competitors may also
 independently develop technologies that are substantially
 equivalent or superior to the technologies we employ in our
 services. The global nature of the Internet allows our Web sites
 to be viewed worldwide, but we do not have intellectual property
 protection in every jurisdiction. Furthermore, effective patent,
 trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection
 may not be available in every country in which our services are
 available over the Internet. In addition, the legal standards
 relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection
 of intellectual property rights in Internet-related industries
 are uncertain and still evolving. Failure to protect our
 proprietary rights adequately could significantly harm our
 competitive position and results of operations.

The Internet, software and technology industries are
 characterized by the existence of a large number of patents,
 copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by frequent
 litigation based on allegations of infringement or

22

Table of Contents 

other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face
 increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property
 rights claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able
 to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use.
 Additionally, although we have licensed from other parties
 proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain
 that these patents will not be challenged, invalidated or
 circumvented. Many of our service agreements require us to
 indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property
 infringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result
 of defending those claims and might require that we pay damages
 if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. We, and
 certain of our customers, have in the past received
 correspondence from third parties alleging that certain of our
 services, or customers use of our services, violates these
 third parties patent rights. For example, we are aware
 that seven of our customers have received letters from a third
 party alleging, among other things, that these customers 
 online activities, including the use of our services, infringe
 its patents. Two of these customers have requested that we
 indemnify it against these allegations. Other customers may
 receive similar allegations of infringement and make similar
 requests for indemnification under our service agreement with
 them or this third party may make claims directly against us.
 These types of correspondence and future claims could harm our
 relationships with our customers and might deter future
 customers from subscribing to our services. Any of these results
 could harm our brand and operating results.

With respect to any intellectual property rights claim against
 us or our customers, we may have to pay damages or stop using
 technology found to be in violation of a third party s
 rights. We may have to seek a license for the technology, which
 may not be available on reasonable terms, may significantly
 increase our operating expenses or require us to restrict our
 business activities in one or more respects. The technology also
 may not be available for license to us at all. As a result, we
 may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing
 technology, which could require significant effort and expense.

Patent
 License Agreement NetRatings, Inc. and Omniture,
 Inc. 

In May 2005, we were sued in the United States District Court
 for the District of Delaware by NetRatings, Inc. In the suit,
 NetRatings alleged that our Omniture SiteCatalyst service
 infringed on four patents in which NetRatings claims an
 ownership interest. In February 2006, we entered into a
 settlement and patent cross-license agreement with NetRatings,
 pursuant to which each party licensed to the other party its
 entire patent portfolio as of the date of the agreement and the
 parties agreed to settle all pending legal claims.

The settlement and patent license agreement grants us certain
 nonexclusive, worldwide rights to all of NetRatings issued
 patents and pending patent applications. The license contains
 customary requirements that we label our services, enables us to
 grant sublicenses under certain circumstances and contains
 exceptions for certain uses of NetRatings patents. The
 agreement required us to make license payments of
 10.0 million, all of which has been paid. In addition, we
 were required to make a license payment of 4.0 million
 following the closing of our initial public offering of common
 stock in July 2006. In the event that we acquire certain
 specified companies, we may be required to make additional
 license payments based on the Web analytics revenues of the
 acquired company. The agreement also provides that if we acquire
 other companies we may elect to make additional license payments
 based on the Web analytics revenues of the acquired company to
 ensure that the acquired company s products, services or
 technology are covered by the license. For example, in
 connection with our acquisitions since the date of the
 agreement, we have elected to make additional license payments
 totaling 1.7 million, of which 0.9 million was paid
 during the first quarter of 2008.

In the event of a change of control of Omniture, the settlement
 and patent license agreement may be assigned to the purchaser
 upon written notice to NetRatings, subject to certain
 limitations. The patent license from NetRatings would be limited
 to (1) our commercially released services as of date of the
 change of control, (2) the elements of our services that
 were under development as of the date of the change of control
 if those services are released as standard services within
 twelve months of the date of the change of control,
 (3) future versions of our services commercially released
 as of the date of the change of control or other services under
 development as of the date of the change of control that contain
 no more than patches to, bug fixes of, minor enhancements or
 modifications of, or minor updates or upgrades of the original
 versions (except for any new features or functionality added to
 original versions which infringe a NetRatings patent that did
 not already cover the original versions) and (4) future
 versions of our services commercially released as of the date of
 the change of control or other services under development as of
 the date of the change of control that completely replace any
 such services. The license will not cover the

23

Table of Contents 

combination, merger, bundling or incorporation of our services,
 or any portion of them, with any of the purchaser s Web
 analytics products, services or technology, unless (1) the
 purchaser s Web analytics products, services or technology
 represents less than 40 of the source code of the combined,
 merged or bundled Web analytics product and (2) the
 purchaser s Web analytics products, services or technology
 do not infringe on a patent of NetRatings (other than patents
 that covered our products, services
 and/or 
 technology prior to the change of control).

Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the suit was dismissed
 with prejudice. The parties mutually released each other from
 claims regarding patents as of the date of the agreement, and we
 agreed that we will not sue NetRatings for infringement of
 certain of our patents, subject to certain limitations.

Patent
 License Agreement NetRatings, Inc. and Visual
 Sciences, Inc. 

As a result of our acquisition of Visual Sciences, Inc.
 (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.), Visual Sciences, Inc.
 became a wholly owned subsidiary of Omniture. On August 17,
 2007, Visual Sciences, Inc. entered into a settlement and
 patent-license agreement with NetRatings, pursuant to which
 NetRatings licensed seven of its patents to Visual Sciences,
 Inc. and Visual Sciences, Inc. licensed two of its patents to
 NetRatings, and the parties agreed to settle all pending legal
 claims. The settlement and patent license agreement granted
 Visual Sciences, Inc. certain nonexclusive, worldwide rights to
 such patents. The license contains customary requirements
 requiring labeling licensed services and enabling the granting
 of sublicenses under certain circumstances, and it contains
 exceptions for certain uses of NetRatings patents. The
 agreement required Visual Sciences, Inc. to make license
 payments of 11.3 million, 2.0 million of which was
 paid by Visual Sciences on or about the date of the agreement,
 4.3 million of which was paid by us following the closing
 of our acquisition of Visual Sciences, Inc., and the remaining
 5.0 million of which must be paid by us in quarterly
 installments beginning on March 31, 2008. Pursuant to the
 terms of the agreement, the suit was dismissed with prejudice.
 The parties to the agreement mutually released each other from
 claims regarding patents as of the date of the agreement, and
 Visual Sciences, Inc. agreed that it will not sue NetRatings for
 infringement of the licensed patents, subject to certain
 limitations.

Patent
 License Agreement NetRatings, Inc. and Visual
 Sciences, LLC 

Visual Sciences, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Visual
 Sciences, Inc., and as a result of our acquisition of Visual
 Sciences, Inc. (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.) became a
 subsidiary of Omniture, Inc. On October 25, 2005, Visual
 Sciences, LLC entered into a settlement and patent license
 agreement with NetRatings, pursuant to which NetRatings licensed
 to Visual Sciences, LLC its entire patent portfolio as of the
 date of the agreement and the parties agreed to settle all
 pending legal claims. The settlement and patent license
 agreement granted Visual Sciences, Inc. certain nonexclusive,
 worldwide rights to all of NetRatings issued patents and
 pending patent applications. The license contains customary
 requirements requiring labeling licensed services and enabling
 the granting of sublicenses under certain circumstances, and it
 contains exceptions for certain uses of NetRatings 
 patents. The agreement required Visual Sciences, LLC to make
 license payments of 2.0 million, 1.3 million of
 which has been paid and the remaining 0.7 million of which must
 be paid on a yearly basis calculated based on revenue of Visual
 Sciences, LLC products for each year. Pursuant to the terms of
 the agreement, the suit was dismissed with prejudice. The
 parties to the agreement mutually released each other from
 claims as of the date of the agreement.

United
 States and Foreign Government Regulation 

The Internet, and in particular, the regulation of commercial
 enterprises on the Internet, has become a focus of state,
 federal and foreign governments in recent years. Discussions
 among policymakers and proposed regulation regarding the
 Internet have focused on the protection of consumer privacy.

Various state legislatures have enacted legislation designed to
 protect consumers privacy by prohibiting the distribution
 of spyware over the Internet. Such anti-spyware laws
 typically focus on restricting the proliferation of certain
 kinds of downloadable software, or spyware, that, when installed
 on an end user s computer, are used to intentionally and
 deceptively take control of the end user s machine. We do
 not believe that the data collection methods employed by our
 technology constitute spyware or that our data
 collection methods are prohibited by such legislation. Similar
 legislation has been proposed federally. If the scope of this
 legislation were drafted broadly

24

Table of Contents 

and changed to include Web analytics, such legislation could be
 deemed to apply to the technology we use and could potentially
 restrict our information collection methods. Any restriction or
 change to our information collection methods would cause us to
 spend substantial amounts of money and time to make changes and
 could decrease the amount and utility of the information that we
 collect.

Both existing and proposed laws regulate and restrict the
 collection and use of information over the Internet that
 personally identifies the Web site visitor. These laws continue
 to change and vary among domestic and foreign jurisdictions, but
 certain information such as names, addresses, telephone numbers,
 credit card numbers and
 e-mail 
 addresses are widely considered personally identifying. The
 scope of information collected over the Internet that is
 considered personally identifying may become more expansive, and
 it is possible that current and future legislation may apply to
 information that our customers currently collect without the
 explicit consent of Web site visitors. If information that our
 customers collect and use without explicit consent is considered
 to be personally identifying, their ability to collect and use
 this information will be restricted and they would have to
 change their methods, which could lead to decreased use of our
 services.

Domestic and foreign governments are also considering
 restricting the collection and use of Internet usage data
 generally. Some privacy advocates argue that even anonymous
 data, individually or when aggregated, may reveal too much
 information about Web site visitors. If governmental authorities
 were to follow privacy advocates recommendations and enact
 laws that limit data collection practices, our customers would
 likely have to obtain the express consent of a user of our
 customers Web sites before we could collect, share or use
 any of that user s information regardless of whether the
 collection is done on behalf of our customers. Any requirement
 that we obtain consent from the users of our customers Web
 sites would reduce the amount and value of the information that
 we provide to customers, which might cause some existing
 customers to discontinue using our services. We would also need
 to expend considerable effort and resources to develop new
 information collection procedures to comply with an express
 consent requirement. Even if our customers succeeded in
 developing new procedures, they might be unable to convince
 Internet users to agree to the collection and use of the
 users information. This would negatively impact our
 revenues, growth and potential for expanding our business and
 could cause our stock price to decline.

Employees 

At December 31, 2007, we had 713 full-time employees.
 None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We
 consider our relationship with our employees to be good.

Executive
 Officers and Directors 

The following table provides information regarding our executive
 officers and directors as of February 22, 2008:

Name 

Age 

Position 

Executive Officers and Directors: 

Joshua G. James

34

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Michael S. Herring

39

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President

Brett M. Error

36

Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President,
 Products

Christopher C. Harrington

38

President, Worldwide Sales and Client Services

John F. Mellor

41

Executive Vice President, Business Development and Corporate
 Strategy

D. Fraser Bullock

52

Director, Chairman of the Board

Gregory S. Butterfield

48

Director

Dana L. Evan

48

Director

Mark P. Gorenberg

53

Director

Rory T. O Driscoll

43

Director

John R. Pestana

34

Director

25

Table of Contents 

Joshua G. James is one of our founders and has served as
 a director since 1998 and as our President and Chief Executive
 Officer since 1996. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. James co-founded
 and co-managed several entities that were our predecessors.
 Mr. James also served on the Brigham Young University
 eBusiness Advisory Board and is a Platinum Founder of the BYU
 Center for Entrepreneurship. He has lectured for numerous
 university classes and served on several other industry,
 advisory and private company boards. Mr. James attended
 Brigham Young University.

Michael S. Herring has served as our Chief Financial
 Officer and Executive Vice President since November 2004. From
 November 2000 to August 2004, Mr. Herring served as Chief
 Financial Officer of MyFamily.com, Inc., an online network.
 Mr. Herring was also Vice President, Finance of Third
 Age Media, Inc., an Internet content company, and the
 Controller of Anergen, Inc., a biotechnology company.
 Mr. Herring is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a
 B.A. in Economics and Political Science from the University of
 California at Los Angeles.

Brett M. Error has served as our Chief Technology Officer
 and Executive Vice President, Products since 1999. Prior to
 joining us, Mr. Error worked for an Internet service
 provider and Web development agency. Mr. Error holds a B.S.
 in Biology from the University of Utah.

Christopher C. Harrington has served as our President,
 Worldwide Sales since January 2003. From November 2001 to
 December 2002, Mr. Harrington was Vice President, Worldwide
 Sales for Domain Systems, Inc., an enterprise software provider.
 From 2000 to 2001, Mr. Harrington was Vice President,
 Worldwide Sales of RichFX, Inc., an online visual merchandising
 and marketing service provider. From 1997 to 2000,
 Mr. Harrington was Vice President, Worldwide Sales of
 Viewpoint Corporation (a Computer Associates company), a
 provider of visual marketing technology and services. From 1994
 to 1997, Mr. Harrington was National Sales Operations
 Manager for The DIRECTV Group, Inc., a direct broadcast
 satellite television provider. From 1988 to 1994,
 Mr. Harrington was Call Center Director for Convergys
 Corporation (a Cincinnati Bell company), a provider of
 third-party call center solutions. Mr. Harrington attended
 Southern Utah University.

John F. Mellor has served as our Executive Vice
 President, Business Development and Corporate Strategy since
 January 2008. From March 2006 until January 2008,
 Mr. Mellor served as our Senior Vice President, Business
 Development and served in other positions with the Company from
 2003 until March 2006. From 2002 to 2003, Mr. Mellor was
 Senior Vice President of Marketing and Business Development for
 Frontline Educational Products, LLC, a direct marketing company.
 From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Mellor was Senior Vice President of
 Corporate Development for RichFX, Inc., an online visual
 merchandising and marketing service provider. Mr. Mellor
 co-founded and also served as Senior Vice President of Strategy
 and Business Development for Viewpoint Corporation (a Computer
 Associates company), a provider of visual marketing technology
 and services. Mr. Mellor holds a B.S. in Mechanical
 Engineering and an M.B.A. from Brigham Young University.

D. Fraser Bullock has served as a director since November
 2003 and as Chairman of our Board of Directors since February
 2008. Mr. Bullock is one of the co-founders of Sorenson
 Capital, a private equity firm, and has served as Managing
 Director of Sorenson Capital since 2003. Mr. Bullock joined
 the Salt Lake Organizing Committee for the Olympic Winter Games
 of 2002 in 1999 as its Chief Operating Officer and in 2002 was
 appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. From 1996 to
 2002, Mr. Bullock served as Managing Director of Alpine
 Consolidated, LLC, which specialized in effecting business
 consolidations. Mr. Bullock has also served as President of
 Visa Interactive, was one of the original partners of Bain
 Capital and previously held various positions at
 Bain Company. He serves as a director of a number of
 privately held companies. Mr. Bullock holds a B.A. in
 Economics and a M.B.A. from Brigham Young University.

Gregory S. Butterfield has served as a director since
 December 2005. Mr. Butterfield currently serves as group
 president of the Altiris business unit of Symantec Corporation,
 an enterprise software company. Mr. Butterfield served as
 the President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of
 Altiris, Inc. from February 2000 until Altiris was acquired by
 Symantec Corporation in 2007. Mr. Butterfield has also
 served as Vice President, Sales for Legato Systems, Inc., a
 backup software company, Executive Vice President of Worldwide
 Sales for Vinca, a fault tolerance and high availability
 company, Regional Director of the Rocky Mountain Region for
 Novell, Inc., a provider of infrastructure software and
 services, and Vice President of North American Sales for
 WordPerfect Corporation, a software company.
 Mr. Butterfield holds a B.S. in Business Finance from
 Brigham Young University.

26

Table of Contents 

Dana L. Evan has served as a director since May 2006.
 From January 2001 to July 2007, Ms. Evan served as
 Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief
 Financial Officer of VeriSign, Inc., a provider of intelligent
 infrastructure services for the Internet and telecommunications
 networks. From June 1996 until December 2000, she served as Vice
 President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial
 Officer of VeriSign, Inc. From 1988 to June 1996, Ms. Evan
 worked as a financial consultant in the capacity of chief
 financial officer, vice president of finance or corporate
 controller for various public and private companies and
 partnerships, including VeriSign, Inc. from November 1995 to
 June 1996. Prior to 1988, she was employed by KPMG LLP, most
 recently as a senior manager. Ms. Evan is a Certified
 Public Accountant and holds a B.S. in Commerce with a
 concentration in Accounting and Finance from Santa Clara
 University.

Mark P. Gorenberg has served as a director since April
 2004. Since 1990, Mr. Gorenberg has been a managing member
 of Hummer Winblad Equity Partners II, L.P., Hummer Winblad
 Equity Partners III, LLC, Hummer Winblad Equity Partners IV,
 LLC, Hummer Winblad Equity Partners V, LLC, and Hummer
 Winblad Equity Partners VI, L.L.C. Previously,
 Mr. Gorenberg was a Senior Software Manager in advanced
 product development at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a provider of
 network computing products and services. Mr. Gorenberg
 currently serves as a director of a number of privately held
 companies. He is also a member of the Corporation of the
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Gorenberg holds
 a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of
 Technology, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from the
 University of Minnesota and an M.S. in Engineering Management
 from Stanford University.

Rory T. O Driscoll has served as a director since
 June 2005. Mr. O Driscoll is a Managing Member of
 Scale Venture Management, LLC and Scale Venture Management II,
 LLC. Mr. O Driscoll joined BA Venture Partners, the
 predecessor to Scale Venture Management LLC, in 1994. Prior to
 joining BA Venture Partners, Mr. O Driscoll worked in
 Corporate Development at Bank of America and was a founder and
 the Chief Executive Officer of Mercia Ltd., a manufacturing
 company based in the United Kingdom. Mr. O Driscoll
 currently serves as a director of a number of privately held
 companies. Mr. O Driscoll holds a B. Sc. in Economics
 with a specialization in accounting and finance from the London
 School of Economics.

John R. Pestana is one of our founders and served as
 Chairman of our Board of Directors from 1998 to February 2008.
 Mr. Pestana served as our Executive Vice President,
 Customer Success from 2004 to November 2007. From 1998 to 2004,
 Mr. Pestana served as our President, and from 1996 to 1998,
 Mr. Pestana co-founded and co-managed several entities that
 were our predecessors. Mr. Pestana is a Platinum Founder of
 the BYU Center for Entrepreneurship. Mr. Pestana attended
 Brigham Young University.

Available
 Information 

We make available free of charge through our investor relations
 Web site, www.omtr.com , our annual reports on
 Form 10-K, 
 quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 current reports on
 Form 8-K, 
 proxy statements and all amendments to those reports filed or
 furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as
 reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
 filed or furnished with the SEC. These reports may also be
 obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations,
 Omniture, Inc., 550 East Timpanogos Circle, Orem, Utah 84097,
 phone: 1-801-722-7037,
 e-mail: 
 ir@omniture.com . Our Internet Web site and the
 information contained therein or incorporated therein are not
 intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 In addition, the public may read and copy any materials we file
 or furnish with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room
 at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 or
 may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
 Room by calling the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330. 
 Moreover, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
 reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
 regarding reports that we file or furnish electronically with
 them at
 http://www.sec.gov .

ITEM 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

Factors
 That Could Affect Future Results 

Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of
 risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
 differ materially from the results contemplated by the
 forward-looking statements contained in this report. Because of
 the following factors, as well

27

Table of Contents 

as other variables affecting our operating results, past
 financial performance should not be considered a reliable
 indicator of future performance and investors should not use
 historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future
 periods. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the
 only ones we face. Other events that we do not currently
 anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect
 our results of operations and financial condition. The
 description below includes any material changes to and
 supersedes the description of the risk factors affecting our
 business previously disclosed in Part II,
 Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2007.

Risks
 Related to Our Business 

We
 have a history of significant net losses, may incur significant
 net losses in the future and may not achieve or maintain
 profitability. 

We have incurred significant losses in recent periods, including
 a net loss of 17.4 million in 2005, a net loss of
 7.7 million in 2006 and a net loss of 9.4 million in
 2007, primarily as a result of significant investments that we
 have made in our network infrastructure and sales and marketing
 organization, as well as stock-based compensation expense
 associated with the issuance of stock awards and amortization of
 intangible assets acquired in our acquisitions. At
 December 31, 2007, we had an accumulated deficit of
 48.3 million. We may not be able to achieve or maintain
 profitability and we may continue to incur significant losses in
 the future. In addition, we expect to continue to increase
 operating expenses as we implement initiatives to continue to
 grow our business, which include, among other things, plans for
 international expansion, increasing our sales force, expansion
 of our infrastructure to manage our growth and increased
 complexity of our business, investments to acquire and integrate
 companies and technologies, the development of new services and
 general and administrative expenses associated with being a
 public company. If our revenues do not increase to offset these
 expected increases in costs and operating expenses, we will not
 be profitable. You should not consider our revenue growth in
 recent periods as indicative of our future performance. In fact,
 in future periods our revenues could decline or grow more slowly
 than we expect. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will
 be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future.

Our
 quarterly results of operations may fluctuate in the future. As
 a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of
 securities analysts or investors, which could cause our stock
 price to decline. 

Our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate as a result of
 a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control.
 If our quarterly results of operations fall below the
 expectations of securities analysts or investors, the price of
 our common stock could decline substantially. Fluctuations in
 our quarterly results of operations may result from a number of
 factors, including, but not limited to, those listed below:

our ability to increase sales to existing customers and attract
 new customers;

the addition or loss of large customers;

the timing of implementation of new or additional services by
 our customers;

the amount and timing of operating costs and capital
 expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our
 business, operations and infrastructure;

the timing and success of new product and service introductions
 by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive
 dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among our
 competitors or our strategic partners;

our ability to integrate acquired products and services into our
 online business optimization platform or migrate existing
 customers of companies we have acquired to our products and
 services;

seasonal variations in the demand for our services and the
 implementation cycles for our new customers;

levels of revenues from our larger customers, which have lower
 per transaction pricing due to higher transaction commitments;

changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors;

28

Table of Contents 

service outages or security breaches;

the extent to which any of our significant customers or the
 significant customers of the companies that we have acquired
 terminate their service agreements with us or reduce the number
 of transactions from which we capture data pursuant to their
 service agreements;

the purchasing and budgeting cycles of our customers;

limitations of the capacity of our network and systems;

the timing of expenses associated with the addition of new
 employees to support the growth in our business;

the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition
 of technologies, services or businesses;

potential goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges
 associated with acquired businesses;

potential foreign currency exchange losses associated with
 transactions denominated in foreign currencies;

expenses associated with the management or growth of our
 increasingly international operations;

general economic, industry and market conditions and those
 conditions specific to Internet usage and online
 businesses; and

geopolitical events such as war, threat of war or terrorist
 actions.

We believe that our quarterly revenues and results of operations
 may vary significantly in the future and that period-to-period
 comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. You
 should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication
 of future performance.

We
 have derived substantially all of our subscription revenues from
 sales of our Omniture SiteCatalyst service. If our Omniture
 SiteCatalyst service is not widely accepted by new customers,
 our operating results will be harmed. 

We derive substantially all of our revenues from subscriptions
 to our Omniture SiteCatalyst service, and we expect that we will
 continue to derive the substantial majority of our revenues from
 our Omniture SiteCatalyst service in the future. Omniture
 SiteCatalyst was responsible for 95 , 89 and 78 of our total
 revenue during 2005, 2006 and 2007 respectively. In 2007, 22 of
 our revenue was derived from products and services other than
 our Omniture SiteCatalyst service. As a result, we expect that
 we will continue to be highly dependent on the success of our
 Omniture SiteCatalyst services for the foreseeable future. If
 our Omniture SiteCatalyst service is unable to remain
 competitive and provide value to our customers, our ability to
 achieve widespread acceptance of our Omniture SiteCatalyst
 service may be hindered and our revenue growth and business will
 be harmed.

If we
 are unable to develop or acquire new services, or if the new
 services that we develop or acquire do not achieve market
 acceptance, our revenue growth will be harmed. 

Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenues from
 existing customers will depend in large part on our ability to
 enhance and improve existing services and to introduce new or
 acquired services in the future. The success of any enhancement
 or new service depends on several factors, including the timely
 completion, introduction and market acceptance of the
 enhancement or service. Any new service we develop or acquire
 may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and
 may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to
 generate significant revenues. For example, we have introduced
 version 2.0 of Omniture Discover and introduced our new
 products, Omniture Genesis and Omniture TouchClarity, but we
 have not yet received significant revenues from these services.
 We have also recently acquired Offermatica and Visual Sciences,
 resulting in an expansion of our product and service offerings;
 however, we may experience difficulties in integrating those
 acquired products and services into our online business
 optimization platform, and we may not be successful in selling
 the acquired or integrated products and services into our
 customer base. Additionally, our existing and prospective
 customers may develop their own competing technologies or
 purchase competitive products or services or engage third-party
 providers. If we are unable to successfully develop or acquire
 new services or enhance our existing services to meet customer
 requirements, or if we are unsuccessful in increasing

29

Table of Contents 

revenue from sales of our new or acquired products and services,
 our revenue growth will decline and our business and operating
 results will be adversely affected.

Our
 business depends substantially on customers renewing their
 subscriptions for our online business optimization services. Any
 decline in our customer renewals would harm our future operating
 results. 

We sell our online business optimization services pursuant to
 service agreements that are generally one to three years in
 length. Our customers have no obligation to renew their
 subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their
 initial subscription period and we cannot provide assurance that
 these subscriptions will be renewed at the same or higher level
 of service, if at all. In fact, some of our customers have
 elected not to renew their agreements with us. Moreover, under
 some circumstances, some of our customers have the right to
 cancel their service agreements prior to the expiration of the
 terms of their agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be
 able to accurately predict future customer renewal rates. Our
 customers renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a
 result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction or
 dissatisfaction with our services, the prices of our services,
 the prices of services offered by our competitors, mergers and
 acquisitions affecting our customer base or reductions in our
 customers spending levels. If our customers do not renew
 their subscriptions for our services or if they renew on less
 favorable terms, our revenues may decline and our business will
 suffer.

If we
 do not successfully integrate our recent acquisitions, or if we
 do not otherwise achieve the expected benefits of the
 acquisitions, our growth rate may decline and our operating
 results may be materially harmed. 

During 2007, we completed acquisitions of Instadia, Touch
 Clarity and Offermatica, and we completed the acquisition of
 Visual Sciences in the first quarter of 2008. If we fail to
 successfully integrate the business and operations of these
 acquired companies, the combined company may not realize the
 potential benefits of those acquisitions. The integration of
 these acquisitions, particularly the integration of the Visual
 Sciences and Offermatica acquisitions, will be a time consuming
 and expensive process, has resulted in the incurrence of
 significant ongoing expenses, including the addition of a number
 of personnel to manage and oversee our integration efforts, and
 may disrupt our operations if it is not completed in a timely
 and efficient manner. If our integration effort is not
 successful, our results of operations could be harmed, employee
 morale could decline, key employees could leave, and customers
 could cancel existing orders or choose not to place new ones. In
 addition, we may not achieve anticipated synergies or other
 benefits of the proposed mergers. We must operate as a combined
 organization utilizing common information and communication
 systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human
 resources practices. We may encounter the difficulties, costs,
 and delays involved in integrating these operations, including
 the following:

failure to successfully manage relationships with customers and
 other important relationships;

failure of customers to accept new services or to continue using
 the products and services of the combined company;

difficulties in successfully integrating the management teams
 and employees of the acquired companies, particularly those of
 Visual Sciences and Offermatica;

challenges encountered in managing larger, more geographically
 dispersed operations;

loss of key employees;

diversion of the attention of management from other ongoing
 business concerns;

potential incompatibility of technologies and systems;

potential impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying
 amount of intangible assets generated as a result of the
 proposed mergers; and

potential incompatibility of business cultures.

30

Table of Contents 

If we do not meet the expectations of our existing customers or
 those of the acquired companies, particularly those of Visual
 Sciences or Offermatica, then these customers may cease doing
 business with the combined company altogether, which would harm
 our results of operations and financial condition.

If we
 are unable to attract new customers or to sell additional
 services to our existing customers, our revenue growth will be
 adversely affected. 

To increase our revenues, we must regularly add new customers,
 sell additional services to existing customers and encourage
 existing customers to increase their minimum commitment levels.
 If our existing and prospective customers do not perceive our
 services to be of sufficiently high value and quality, we may
 not be able to attract new customers or increase sales to
 existing customers and our operating results will be adversely
 affected. We have incurred significant expenses or made
 investments in connection with the internal development and
 acquisition of new products or services, such as Omniture
 TouchClarity, version 2.0 of Omniture Discover, the optimization
 tools acquired in connection with the Offermatica acquisition as
 well as the services of Visual Sciences that we are integrating
 with our online business optimization platform. Many of these
 products or services have only recently been commercially
 introduced by us and may not achieve broad commercial
 acceptance. In that event, our operating results may be
 adversely affected and we may be unable to grow our revenue or
 achieve or maintain profitability.

The
 significant network equipment requirements of our business model
 make it more difficult to achieve positive cash flow and
 profitability if we continue to grow rapidly. 

Our business model involves our making significant upfront and
 ongoing expenditures for network operations equipment, such as
 servers and other network devices. Because the time frame for
 evaluating and implementing our services, particularly for
 larger implementations, can be lengthy, taking up to
 90 days or longer, and because we begin to invoice our
 customers only after the service implementation is complete,
 generally we make these expenditures well before we receive any
 cash from the customer. Consequently, it takes a number of
 months or longer to achieve positive cash flow for a customer.
 As a result, rapid growth in customers would require substantial
 amounts of cash. In addition, because of the lengthy
 implementation periods for new customers, we experience a delay
 between the increase in our operating expenses and the
 generation of corresponding revenues. We depreciate our capital
 equipment over a period of approximately four years and incur
 lease expense associated with equipment acquired under operating
 leases over the lease term, which is generally three years, with
 depreciation and lease expense being included in our cost of
 subscription revenues beginning immediately upon our receipt of
 the equipment. We recognize revenue, at the earliest, only when
 we complete implementation of our services and invoice the
 customer. Thus, it can take us a number of months or longer to
 become profitable with respect to any given new customer.

Our
 growth depends upon our ability to add new and retain existing
 large customers; however, to the extent we are successful in
 doing so, our gross margins and ability to achieve profitability
 and positive cash flow may be impaired. 

Our success depends on our ability to sell our online business
 optimization services to large customers and on those customers
 continuing to renew their subscriptions with us in successive
 years. We derive a significant percentage of our total revenues
 from a relatively small number of large customers, and the loss
 of any one or more of those customers could decrease our
 revenues and harm our current and future operating results.
 However, the addition of new large customers or increase in
 minimum commitment levels by large existing customers requires
 particularly large capital expenditures and long implementation
 periods, resulting in longer than usual time periods to
 profitability and positive cash flow with respect to these
 customers. In addition, we generally sell our services to our
 large customers at a price per transaction lower than we do for
 other customers due to their larger transaction commitments.
 Finally, some of our customers have in the past required us to
 allocate dedicated personnel to provide our services as a
 condition to entering into service agreements with us. As a
 result, new large customers or increased usage of our services
 by large customers may cause our gross margins to decline and
 negatively impact our profitability and cash flows in the near
 term.

31

Table of Contents 

Because
 we recognize subscription revenue over the term of the
 applicable agreement, the lack of subscription renewals or new
 service agreements may not immediately be reflected in our
 operating results. 

The majority of our quarterly revenues represent revenues
 attributable to service agreements entered into during previous
 quarters. As a result, a decline in new or renewed service
 agreements in any one quarter will not be fully reflected in our
 revenues for the corresponding quarter but will negatively
 affect our revenues in future quarters. Additionally, the effect
 of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our
 services in a particular quarter may not be fully reflected in
 our results of operations until future periods. Our business
 model would also make it difficult for any rapid increase in new
 or renewed service agreements to increase our revenues in any
 one period because revenues from new customers must be
 recognized over the applicable service agreement term.

We
 have limited experience with respect to our pricing model and if
 the prices we charge for our services are unacceptable to our
 customers, our revenues and operating results may experience
 volatility or be harmed. 

We have limited experience with respect to determining the
 appropriate prices for our services that our existing and
 potential customers will find acceptable. As the market for our
 services matures, or as new competitors introduce new products
 or services that compete with ours, we may be unable to renew
 our agreements with existing customers or attract new customers
 at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have
 used historically. For example, we face competition from
 businesses that offer their services at substantially lower
 prices than our services, and Google Inc. currently offers its
 Web analytics service for free. In addition, we have only
 recently commercially introduced certain of our services and
 other services that we offer have only recently been acquired or
 integrated into our online optimization platform. The price at
 which our customers may be willing to purchase our recently
 introduced or acquired services may be lower or different than
 we expect, which may cause our revenue or operating results to
 be adversely affected. As a result, in the future it is possible
 that competitive dynamics in our market may require us to change
 our pricing model or reduce our prices, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margin and
 operating results.

The
 market for on-demand services, in general, and for online
 business optimization services, in particular, is at an early
 stage of development, and if it does not develop or develops
 more slowly than we expect, our business will be
 harmed. 

The market for on-demand services, in general, and for online
 business optimization services, in particular, is at an early
 stage of development, and it is uncertain whether these services
 will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market
 acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on
 the willingness of companies to increase their use of on-demand
 services, in general, and for online business optimization
 services, in particular. Many companies have invested
 substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate
 traditional enterprise software into their businesses, and
 therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to on-demand
 services. Other factors that may affect market acceptance
 include:

the security capabilities, reliability and availability of
 on-demand services;

customer concerns with entrusting a third party to store and
 manage their data;

public concern regarding privacy;

the enactment of laws or regulations that restrict our ability
 to provide existing or new services to customers in the
 U.S. or internationally;

the level of customization or configuration we offer;

our ability to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction;

our ability to provide reports in real time during periods of
 intense activity on customer Web sites;

the price, performance and availability of competing products
 and services;

32

Table of Contents 

the rate of continued growth in online commerce and online
 advertising; and

the current and possible future imposition by federal, state and
 local agencies of taxes on goods and services that are provided
 over the Internet.

The market for these services may not develop further, or it may
 develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm
 our business.

We
 operate in a highly competitive market, which could make it
 difficult for us to acquire and retain customers. 

We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market.
 A significant portion of our business competes with third-party,
 on-demand services, software vendors and online marketing
 service providers.

Our current principal competitors include:

companies, such as Coremetrics, Inc., Google Inc., Microsoft
 Corporation, Nedstat Ltd. and WebTrends Inc. that offer
 on-demand services;

software vendors, such as Epiphany, Inc. (acquired by SSA
 Global), NetRatings, Inc., Sane Solutions, LLC (acquired by
 Unica Corporation) and SAS Institute, Inc.;

online marketing service providers, such as aQuantive, Inc.
 (acquired by Microsoft), DoubleClick Inc. and 24/7 Real Media,
 Inc. (acquired by WPP Group plc); and

multivariate testing providers, such as Optimost LLC (acquired
 by Interwoven), Memetrics (acquired by Accenture), Kefta Inc.
 (acquired by Acxiom Digital) and [x + 1].

Many of the companies that offer Web analytics software offer
 other products or services and as a result could also bundle
 their products or services, which may result in these companies
 effectively selling their products or services at or below
 market prices.

Some of our current and potential competitors have longer
 operating histories, greater name recognition, access to larger
 customer bases and substantially greater resources, including
 sales and marketing, financial and other resources. As a result,
 these competitors may be able to:

absorb costs associated with providing their products at a lower
 price;

devote more resources to new customer acquisitions;

respond to evolving market needs more quickly than we
 can; and

finance more research and development activities to develop
 better services.

In addition, large software, Internet and database management
 companies may enter the market or enhance their web analytics
 capabilities, either by developing competing services or by
 acquiring existing competitors or strategic partners of ours,
 and compete against us effectively as a result of their
 significant resources and pre-existing relationships with our
 current and potential customers. For example, Google Inc. offers
 a Web analytics service free of charge, and it has entered into
 an agreement to acquire DoubleClick, Inc., one of our strategic
 partners. Also, Microsoft offers a Web analytics service free of
 charge, and it acquired aQuantive, Inc. in August 2007, and in
 February 2008, announced a proposal to acquire Yahoo!.

If our services achieve broader commercial acceptance and as we
 introduce additional services, we expect that we will experience
 competition from additional companies.

If we are not able to compete successfully against our current
 and future competitors, it will be difficult to acquire and
 retain customers, and we may experience limited revenue growth,
 reduced revenues and operating margins and loss of market share.

33

Table of Contents 

We
 rely on a small number of third-party service providers to host
 and deliver our services, and any interruptions or delays in
 services from these third parties could impair the delivery of
 our services and harm our business. 

We host our services, and serve all of our customers from 15
 third-party data center facilities located in the United States
 and Europe. We do not control the operation of any of these
 facilities, and depending on service level requirements, we may
 not operate or maintain redundant data center facilities for all
 of our services or for all of our customers data, which
 increases our vulnerability. These facilities are vulnerable to
 damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods,
 fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar
 events. They are also subject to break-ins, computer viruses,
 sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct.
 The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a
 decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or
 other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy
 interruptions in our services. Additionally, our data center
 facility agreements are of limited durations, and our data
 facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us
 on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Some of our data
 center facility agreements require that we pay for a variable
 component of power costs and provides for discretionary
 increases, up to a maximum amount, to the price we pay for use
 of the facility, thereby potentially subjecting us to variations
 in the cost of power and hosting fees. In addition, data centers
 suitable for the hosting of our services have become limited in
 supply and availability and, in the future, it may be difficult
 to obtain additional data center capacity to accommodate our
 growth or we may be required to incur significant expenditures
 to acquire or develop capacity that meets our future needs. If
 we are unable to renew our agreements with the facilities on
 commercially reasonable terms, we may experience delays in the
 provisioning of our services until an agreement with another
 data center facility can be arranged or may be required to incur
 significant expenditures, either of which scenario would
 adversely impact our financial condition or operating results.

We depend on access to the Internet through third-party
 bandwidth providers to operate our business. If we lose the
 services of one or more of our bandwidth providers for any
 reason, we could experience disruption in our services or we
 could be required to retain the services of a replacement
 bandwidth provider.

Our operations rely heavily on the availability of electricity,
 which also comes from third-party providers. If we or the
 third-party data center facilities that we use to deliver our
 services were to experience a major power outage or if the cost
 of electricity increases significantly, our operations would be
 harmed. If we or our third-party data centers were to experience
 a major power outage, we would have to rely on
 back-up 
 generators, which may not work properly, and their supply might
 be inadequate during a major power outage. Such a power outage
 could result in a disruption of our business.

Any errors, defects, interruptions, delays, disruptions or other
 performance problems with our services could harm our reputation
 and may damage our customers businesses. Interruptions in
 our services might reduce our revenues, cause us to issue
 credits to customers, cause customers to terminate their
 subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates. Our
 business would be harmed if our customers and potential
 customers believe our services are unreliable.

If we
 fail to respond to rapidly changing technological developments
 or evolving industry standards, our services may become obsolete
 or less competitive. 

The market for our services is characterized by rapid
 technological advances, changes in customer requirements,
 changes in protocols and evolving industry standards. If we are
 unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our
 existing services or acceptable new services that keep pace with
 rapid technological developments, our services may become
 obsolete, less marketable and less competitive and our business
 will be harmed.

We
 have experienced rapid growth in recent periods organically and
 through acquisitions. If we fail to manage our growth
 effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan,
 maintain high levels of service or address competitive
 challenges adequately. 

We have substantially expanded our overall business, customer
 base, headcount and operations in recent periods both
 domestically and internationally. Our total number of full-time
 employees increased from 305 at December 31, 2005 to 713 at
 December 31, 2007. With our acquisition of Visual Sciences,
 our total number of full-

34

Table of Contents 

time employees was 960 as of February 1, 2008. In addition,
 during this same period, we made substantial investments in our
 network infrastructure operations, research and development and
 sales and marketing as a result of our growth, and have
 significantly expanded our geographic presence with the
 acquisition of two European companies and two companies based in
 the United States, one of which in particular had significant
 international reach in its operations. We will need to continue
 to expand our business. We anticipate that this expansion will
 require substantial management effort and significant additional
 investment in our infrastructure. In addition, we will be
 required to continue to improve our operational, financial and
 management controls and our reporting procedures, particularly
 in view of the complexities associated with more geographically
 dispersed operations. As such, we may be unable to manage our
 expenses effectively in the future, which may negatively impact
 our gross margins or cause our operating expenses to increase in
 any particular quarter. Our historic expansion has resulted in
 increased responsibilities and has placed, and our expected
 future growth will continue to place, a significant strain on
 our managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other
 resources and will result in new and increased responsibilities
 for management personnel. There can be no assurance that our
 management, personnel, systems, procedures, and controls are, or
 will be, adequate to support our existing and future operations
 or that we will continue to grow. If we fail to recruit and
 retain sufficient and qualified managerial, operational, or
 financial personnel or to implement or maintain internal systems
 that enable us to effectively manage our growing business and
 operations worldwide, our financial results in any given period
 may be adversely affected and our business and financial
 condition could be materially harmed. If we are unable to
 otherwise manage our growth successfully, we may experience
 unanticipated business problems or interruptions, which may
 damage our reputation or adversely affect the operating results
 of our business.

We
 intend to continue making acquisitions of, or investments in,
 other companies and technologies, which could divert our
 management s attention, result in additional dilution to
 our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm
 our operating results. 

As part of our business strategy, we expect to continue to make
 acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary services,
 technologies or businesses to address the need to develop new
 products and enhance existing products. We also may enter into
 relationships with other businesses in order to expand our
 service offerings, which could involve preferred or exclusive
 licenses, additional channels of distribution or discount
 pricing or investments in other companies.

Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult
 and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may
 often be subject to approvals, such as government regulation,
 which are beyond our control. Consequently, we can make no
 assurances that these transactions, once undertaken and
 announced, will close.

Acquisitions may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our
 resources and require significant management attention that
 would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our
 business, as well as cause difficulties in completing projects
 associated with in-process research and development.
 Acquisitions also involve risks associated with difficulties in
 entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior
 experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger
 market positions. In addition, the revenue of an acquired
 business may be insufficient to offset increased expenses
 associated with the acquisition. Acquisitions can also lead to
 large and immediate non-cash charges that can have an adverse
 effect on our results of operations as a result of write-offs
 for items such as acquired in-process research and development,
 impairment of goodwill or the recording of stock-based
 compensation, as well as restructuring charges. In addition, we
 may lack experience operating in the geographic market of the
 businesses that we acquire. Further, international acquisitions,
 such as our two recent European acquisitions, increase our
 exposure to the risks associated with international operations.
 Moreover, we cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of
 any future acquisition, investment or business relationship
 would be realized or that we would not be exposed to unknown
 liabilities. In connection with one or more of those
 transactions, we may:

issue additional equity securities that would dilute our
 stockholders;

use a substantial portion of our cash resources that we may need
 in the future to operate our business;

incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to
 repay;

35

Table of Contents 

assume or incur large charges or substantial liabilities,
 including payments to NetRatings under our agreements with it;

encounter difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired
 company or integrating diverse business cultures;

become subject to adverse accounting or tax consequences,
 substantial depreciation, amortization, impairment or deferred
 compensation charges;

make severance payments and provide additional compensation to
 executives and other personnel;

incur charges related to the elimination of duplicative
 facilities or resources;

incur legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, regardless
 of whether the transaction is completed; and

become subject to intellectual property or other litigation.

Failure
 to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could
 harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve
 broader market acceptance of our services. 

Increasing our customer base and achieving broader market
 acceptance of our services will depend to a significant extent
 on our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations. We
 expect to be substantially dependent on our direct sales force
 to obtain new customers. We have recently significantly expanded
 the size of our direct sales force and plan to continue to
 expand our direct sales force both domestically and
 internationally. We believe that there is significant
 competition for direct sales personnel with the sales skills and
 technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve
 significant growth in revenues in the future will depend, in
 large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining
 sufficient numbers of direct sales personnel. Moreover, new
 hires require significant training and, in most cases, take a
 significant period of time before they achieve full
 productivity. Our recent hires, sales personnel added through
 our recent business acquisitions and planned hires may not
 become as productive as we would like, and we may be unable to
 hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in
 the future in the markets where we do business. Our business
 will be seriously harmed if these expansion efforts do not
 generate a corresponding significant increase in revenues.

Our
 growth depends in part on the success of our strategic
 relationships with third parties, including technology
 integration, channel partners and resellers of our
 services. 

We may not be able to develop or maintain strategic
 relationships with third parties with respect to either
 technology integration or channel development for a number of
 reasons, including because of relationships with our competitors
 or prospective competitors. For example, we recently launched
 Omniture Genesis as part of our strategy to broaden our online
 business optimization platform. If we are unsuccessful in
 establishing or maintaining our strategic relationships with
 these and other third parties, our ability to compete in the
 marketplace or to grow our revenues would be impaired and our
 operating results would suffer. Further, if search engine or
 other online marketing providers restrict access to their
 networks or increase the currently nominal prices they charge
 for the use of their application programming interfaces, our
 ability to deliver services of sufficiently high value to our
 customers at a profitable price will be negatively affected.
 Even if we are successful in establishing and maintaining these
 relationships, we cannot assure you that these will result in
 increased customers or revenues.

Because
 our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand
 the sales of our services to customers located outside of the
 United States, our business will be susceptible to risks
 associated with international operations. 

We currently maintain offices outside of the United States and
 currently have operations, sales personnel or independent
 consultants in several countries. In the first quarter of 2007,
 we acquired Instadia, which has its principal operations in
 Copenhagen, Denmark, and Touch Clarity, which has its principal
 operations in London, England, and we also acquired Offermatica
 and Visual Sciences, which has significant international reach
 in its operations. These acquisitions significantly increased
 the scope and complexity of our international operations. We
 have limited experience operating in foreign jurisdictions at
 such scale. Our inexperience in operating our business

36

Table of Contents 

outside of the United States increases the risk that our
 current and any future international expansion efforts will not
 be successful. In addition, conducting international operations
 subjects us to new risks that we have not generally faced in the
 United States. These include:

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements;

longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in
 collecting accounts receivable;

difficulties in managing and staffing international operations;

potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities
 of foreign value added tax systems and restrictions on the
 repatriation of earnings;

localization of our services, including translation into foreign
 languages and associated expenses;

dependence on certain third parties to increase customer
 subscriptions;

the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and
 different legal standards, including laws and regulations
 related to privacy;

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and
 complexities;

political, social and economic instability abroad, terrorist
 attacks and security concerns in general; and

reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in
 some countries.

The occurrence of any one of these risks could negatively affect
 our international business and, consequently, our results of
 operations generally.

Additionally, operating in international markets also requires
 significant management attention and financial resources. We
 cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources
 required in establishing, acquiring or integrating operations in
 other countries will produce desired levels of revenues or
 profitability.

As we expand our international operations, we will be required
 to recruit and retain experienced management, sales and
 technical personnel in our international offices, and we expect
 that the identification, recruitment, training and retention of
 such personnel will require significant management time and
 effort and resources. Competition for employees with the skills
 required, particularly management, engineering and other
 technical personnel, is intense, and there can be no assurance
 that we will be able to attract and retain highly skilled
 employees in sufficient numbers to sustain our current business
 or to support future growth. We may need to pay recruiting or
 agency fees and offer additional compensation or incentives to
 attract and retain these and other employees, resulting in an
 increase to our operating expenses.

Some of our international subscription fees are currently
 denominated in United States dollars and paid in local currency.
 As a result, fluctuations in the value of the United States
 dollar and foreign currencies may make our services more
 expensive for international customers or increase the cost of
 our international operations, which could harm our business.

We may
 be liable to our customers and may lose customers if we provide
 poor service, if our services do not comply with our agreements
 or if we are unable to collect customer data or otherwise lose
 customer data. 

Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage
 on behalf of our customers, it is possible that hardware
 failures or errors in our systems could result in data loss or
 corruption or cause the information that we collect to be
 incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as
 significant. Furthermore, our ability to collect and report data
 may be interrupted by a number of factors, including our
 inability to access the Internet, the failure of our network or
 software systems, security breaches or variability in user
 traffic on customer Web sites. In addition, computer viruses may
 harm our systems causing us to lose data, and the transmission
 of computer viruses could expose us to litigation. We may also
 find, on occasion, that we cannot deliver data and reports to
 our customers in real time because of significant spikes in
 consumer activity on their Web sites. We may be liable to our

37

Table of Contents 

customers for damages they may incur resulting from these
 events, such as loss of business, loss of future revenues,
 breach of contract or for the loss of goodwill to their
 business. In addition to potential liability, if we supply
 inaccurate information or experience interruptions in our
 ability to capture, store and supply information in real time or
 at all, our reputation could be harmed and we could lose
 customers.

Our errors and omissions insurance may be inadequate or may not
 be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In
 addition, our policy may not cover any claim against us for loss
 of data or other indirect or consequential damages and defending
 a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert
 management s attention.

A
 rapid expansion of our network and systems could cause us to
 lose customer data or cause our network or systems to
 fail. 

In the future, we may need to expand our network and systems at
 a more rapid pace than we have in the past. For example, if we
 secure a large customer or a group of customers with
 extraordinary volumes of information to collect and process, we
 may suddenly require additional bandwidth and our existing
 systems may not be able to process the information. Our network
 or systems may not be capable of meeting the demand for
 increased capacity, or we may incur additional unanticipated
 expenses to accommodate these capacity demands. In addition, we
 may lose valuable data, be able to provide it only on a delayed
 basis or our network may temporarily shut down if we fail to
 expand our network to meet future requirements. Many of these
 risks are exacerbated as a result of our recent acquisitions,
 that have and will continue to require us to integrate network
 operations involving different operational procedures, security
 applications and hardware configurations. Any lapse in our
 ability to collect or transmit data will decrease the value of
 the data, prevent us from providing the complete data that may
 be requested by our customers and affect some of our
 customers Web pages. Any disruption in our network
 processing or loss of data may damage our reputation and result
 in the loss of customers.

If a
 third party asserts that we are infringing its intellectual
 property, whether successful or not, it could subject us to
 costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, and
 our business may be harmed. 

The Internet, software and technology industries are
 characterized by the existence of a large number of patents,
 copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by frequent
 litigation based on allegations of infringement or other
 violations of intellectual property rights. As we face
 increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property
 rights claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able
 to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use.
 Additionally, although we have licensed from other parties
 proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain
 that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or
 circumvented. Furthermore, many of our service agreements
 require us to indemnify our customers for third-party
 intellectual property infringements claims, which would increase
 our costs as a result of defending such claims and may require
 that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such
 claims. We, and certain of our customers, have in the past
 received correspondence from third parties alleging that certain
 of our services, or customers use of our services, violate
 such third parties patent rights. For example, we are
 aware that seven of our customers have received letters from a
 third party alleging, among other things, that these
 customers online activities, including the use of our
 services, infringe its patents. A few of these customers have
 requested that we indemnify them against these allegations.
 Other customers may receive similar allegations of infringement
 and make similar requests for indemnification under our service
 agreements with them or this third party may make claims
 directly against us. These types of claims could harm our
 relationships with our customers, may deter future customers
 from subscribing to our services or could expose us to
 litigation with respect to these claims. Even if we are not a
 party to any litigation between a customer and a third party, an
 adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more
 difficult for us to defend our intellectual property in any
 subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. Any of
 these results could harm our brand and operating results.

Any intellectual property rights claim against us or our
 customers, with or without merit, could be time-consuming,
 expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management
 resources and attention. An adverse determination also could
 prevent us from offering our services to our customers and may
 require that we procure or develop substitute services that do
 not infringe.

38

Table of Contents 

With respect to any intellectual property rights claim against
 us or our customers, we may have to pay damages or stop using
 technology found to be in violation of a third party s
 rights. We may have to seek a license for the technology, which
 may not be available on reasonable terms, may significantly
 increase our operating expenses or require us to restrict our
 business activities in one or more respects. The technology also
 may not be available for license to us at all. As a result, we
 may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing
 technology, which could require significant effort and expense.
 For example, in February 2006, we entered into a settlement and
 patent cross-license agreement with NetRatings, to resolve a
 patent infringement lawsuit that NetRatings filed against us in
 May 2005 and to obtain a non-exclusive, world-wide license to
 NetRatings entire patent portfolio. Under the terms of the
 agreement, we agreed to pay license fees to NetRatings.
 Additionally, Visual Sciences, Inc. (formerly known as
 WebSideStory, Inc.) and Visual Sciences, LLC also entered into
 settlement and license agreements with NetRatings, pursuant to
 which they agreed to pay license fees to NetRatings in exchange
 for non-exclusive, world-wide licenses to NetRatings 
 patents.

Our exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual
 property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we
 have a lower level of visibility into the development process
 with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard
 against infringement risks. In addition, third parties may make
 infringement and similar or related claims after we have
 acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our
 acquisition.

The
 success of our business depends in large part on our ability to
 protect and enforce our intellectual property
 rights. 

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, service mark,
 trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality
 procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish and
 protect our proprietary rights, all of which provide only
 limited protection. We have 23 issued patents in the United
 States, one issued patent in the United Kingdom, as well as
 59 United States and 60 related international and foreign patent
 applications pending. We cannot assure you that any patents will
 issue with respect to our current patent applications, in a
 manner that gives us the protection that we seek, if at all, or
 that any future patents issued to us will not be challenged,
 invalidated or circumvented. Our currently issued patents and
 any patents that may issue in the future with respect to pending
 or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad
 protection or they may not prove to be enforceable in actions
 against alleged infringers. Also, we cannot assure you that any
 future service mark registrations will be issued with respect to
 pending or future applications or that any registered service
 marks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our
 proprietary rights.

We endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and
 contractors and agreements with parties with whom we do business
 in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary
 information. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken
 will prevent unauthorized use of our technology or the reverse
 engineering of our technology. Moreover, others may
 independently develop technologies that are competitive to ours
 or infringe our intellectual property. The enforcement of our
 intellectual property rights also depends on our legal actions
 against these infringers being successful, but we cannot be sure
 these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been
 infringed.

Furthermore, effective patent, trademark, service mark,
 copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in
 every country in which our services are available over the
 Internet. In addition, the legal standards relating to the
 validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual
 property rights in Internet-related industries are uncertain and
 still evolving.

We
 rely on our management team and need additional personnel to
 grow our business, and the loss of one or more key employees or
 the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could
 harm our business. 

Our success and future growth depends to a significant degree on
 the skills and continued services of our management team. Our
 future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain
 and motivate highly skilled technical, managerial, marketing and
 customer service personnel, including members of our management
 team. All of our employees work for us on an at-will basis,
 however, the laws of some of the international jurisdictions
 where we have employees may require us to make statutory
 severance payments in the event of termination of

39

Table of Contents 

employment. We plan to hire additional personnel in all areas of
 our business, particularly for our sales, marketing and
 technology development areas, both domestically and
 internationally. Competition for these types of personnel is
 intense, particularly in the Internet and software industries.
 As a result, we may be unable to successfully attract or retain
 qualified personnel. Our inability to retain and attract the
 necessary personnel could adversely affect our business.

Material
 defects or errors in our software we use to deliver our services
 could harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us and
 impair our ability to sell our services. 

The software applications underlying our services are inherently
 complex and may contain material defects or errors. Any defects
 that cause interruptions to the availability of our services
 could result in:

lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our services;

sales credits or refunds to our customers;

loss of customers;

diversion of development resources;

injury to our reputation; and

increased warranty and insurance costs.

The costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors
 in our services may be substantial and could adversely affect
 our operating results. After the release of our services,
 defects or errors may also be identified from time to time by
 our internal team and by our customers. These defects or errors
 may occur in the future.

Changes
 in financial accounting standards or practices may cause
 adverse, unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect
 our reported results of operations. 

A change in accounting standards or practices can have a
 significant effect on our reported results and may even affect
 our reporting of transactions completed before the change is
 effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying
 interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and
 are likely to occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or
 the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our
 reported financial results or the way we conduct our business.
 For example, on December 16, 2004, the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards, or SFAS, No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based
 Payment , or SFAS No. 123R.
 SFAS No. 123R, which became effective for fiscal
 periods beginning after September 15, 2005, requires that
 employee stock-based compensation be measured based on its
 fair-value on the grant date and treated as an expense that is
 reflected in the financial statements over the related service
 period. As a result of SFAS No. 123R, our results of
 operations in 2006 and 2007 reflect expenses that are not
 reflected in prior periods, potentially making it more difficult
 for investors to evaluate our 2006 and 2007 results of
 operations relative to prior periods.

We
 might require additional capital to support business growth, and
 this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, or at
 all. 

We intend to continue to make investments to support our
 business growth and may require additional funds to respond to
 business challenges, including the need to develop new services
 or enhance our existing services, enhance our operating
 infrastructure and acquire complementary businesses and
 technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or
 debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise
 additional funds through further issuances of equity or
 convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could
 suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we
 issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to
 those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured
 by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating
 to our capital raising activities and other financial and
 operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to
 obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities,
 including potential acquisitions. In addition, we may not be
 able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if
 at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate

40

Table of Contents 

financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we
 require it, our ability to continue to support our business
 growth and to respond to business challenges could be
 significantly limited.

If we
 fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our
 ability to produce accurate financial statements could be
 impaired, which could adversely affect our operating results,
 our ability to operate our business and investors views of
 us. 

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX
 404, on an on-going basis both we and our external auditors are
 required to assess the effectiveness of our internal controls
 over financial reporting. The requirements of SOX 404 first
 became applicable to us on December 31, 2007. Our efforts
 to comply with SOX 404 have resulted in, and are likely to
 continue to result in, increased general and administrative
 expenses and the commitment of significant financial and
 personnel resources.

Although we believe that our efforts will enable us to remain
 compliant under SOX 404, we can give no assurance that in the
 future such efforts will be successful. Our business is complex
 and involves significant judgments and estimates as described in
 our Critical Accounting Policies. Any failure to
 adequately maintain effective internal controls over our
 financial reporting, or consequently our inability to produce
 accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could increase
 our operating costs and could materially impair our ability to
 operate our business. In addition, investors perceptions
 that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable
 to produce accurate financial statements may seriously affect
 our stock price.

Our
 net operating loss carryforwards may expire unutilized, which
 could prevent us from offsetting future taxable
 income. 

At December 31, 2007, we had federal net operating loss
 carryforwards of approximately 82.0 million that will
 begin to expire in 2020 and approximately 1.4 million in
 federal tax credit carryforwards that will begin to expire in
 2019. At December 31, 2007, we also had state net operating
 loss carryforwards of approximately 82.8 million that will
 begin to expire in 2015 and state research and development
 credits of approximately 0.6 million that will begin to
 expire in 2014. Changes in ownership have occurred that have
 resulted in limitations in our net operating loss carryforwards
 under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result
 of these Section 382 limitations, we can only utilize a
 portion of the net operating loss carryforwards that were
 generated prior to the ownership changes to offset future
 taxable income generated in U.S. federal and state
 jurisdictions. At December 31, 2007, we also had
 approximately 16.4 million in net operating loss
 carryforwards in the United Kingdom, part or all of which may
 not be available to offset our future taxable income in the
 United Kingdom should there be a change in the nature or conduct
 of our business in the United Kingdom within the three years
 subsequent to the date of our acquisition of Touch Clarity.

In addition, the timing of when we achieve profitability, if
 ever, and the dollar amount of such profitability will impact
 our ability to utilize these net operating loss carryforwards.
 We may not be able to achieve sufficient profitability to
 utilize some or all of our net operating loss carryforwards
 prior to their expiration.

If we
 cannot maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose
 the innovation, teamwork and focus that we believe our culture
 fosters, and our business may be harmed. 

We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been
 our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation and
 teamwork. As we grow and change, we may find it difficult to
 maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could
 negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel,
 and otherwise adversely affect our future success.

Our
 investments in auction rate securities are subject to risks
 which may adversely affect our liquidity and cause
 losses. 

At February 22, 2008, we held approximately
 21.5 million of municipal notes investments with an
 auction reset feature, or auction rate securities, the
 underlying assets of which are generally student loans which are
 substantially backed by the federal government. Auction rate
 securities are generally long-term instruments that provide
 liquidity through a Dutch auction process that resets the
 applicable interest rate at pre-determined calendar

41

Table of Contents 

intervals, allowing holders of these instruments to rollover
 their holdings and continue to own their respective securities
 or liquidate their holdings by selling the auction rate
 securities at par. These auction rate securities are classified
 as current assets in our consolidated financial statements. The
 recent uncertainties in the credit markets have prevented us and
 other investors from liquidating our holdings of auction rate
 securities in recent auctions for these securities because the
 amount of securities submitted for sale has exceeded the amount
 of purchase orders. Through February 22, 2008, auctions
 failed for 15.0 million of our auction rate securities,
 and there is no assurance that previously successful auctions on
 the other auction rate securities in our investment portfolio
 will enable us to liquidate our positions. As a result, our
 ability to liquidate and fully recover the carrying value of our
 investment in the near term may be limited or not exist. All of
 our auction rate securities, including those subject to the
 failure, are currently rated AAA, the highest rating, by a
 rating agency. Until the issuers of our auction rate securities
 are able to successfully close future auctions or if their
 credit ratings deteriorate, we may in the future be required to
 reclassify these securities as non-current or record an
 impairment charge on these investments, and our liquidity would
 be adversely affected to the extent that the cash we would
 otherwise receive upon liquidation of the investments would not
 be available for use in the growth of our business and other
 strategic opportunities.

Risks
 Related to Our Industry 

Widespread
 blocking or erasing of cookies or other limitations on our
 ability to use cookies or other technologies that we employ may
 impede our ability to collect information and reduce the value
 of our services. 

Our services currently use cookies, which are small
 files of information placed on an Internet user s computer
 in connection with that visitor s browsing activity on a
 customer s website(s), and clear GIFs (also
 known as pixel tags or web beacons), which are small images
 placed on a web page to facilitate the collection of visitor
 browsing data on such customer s website(s). These
 technologies help us to aggregate and analyze the website usage
 patterns of visitors to our customers websites. The use of
 third-party cookies may be construed as obscure in the eyes of
 the public or governmental agencies, including
 non-U.S. regulators. 
 We encourage our customers to send our cookies from their own
 websites and, when they are unwilling to do so, we mark all
 newly implemented third-party cookies with their dual origin to
 indicate that they are both from our customer s website and
 from us. However, we cannot assure you that these measures will
 succeed in reducing any risks relating to the use of third-party
 cookies.

Most currently available web browsers allow site visitors to
 modify their settings to prevent or delete cookies.
 Additionally, widely available software allows site visitors to
 sweep all cookies from their computers at once. Similarly,
 several software programs, sometimes marketed as ad-ware or
 spyware detectors, may misclassify the cookies our customers are
 using as objectionable and prompt site visitors to delete or
 block them. Several of these same software programs may target
 the use of clear GIFs. If a large number of site visitors
 refuse, disable or delete their cookies or clear GIFs or if we
 are otherwise unable to use cookies or clear GIFs, and if
 alternative methods or technologies are not developed in a
 timely manner, the quality of the data we collect for our
 customers and the value of our services based on that data would
 decrease substantially.

We
 interact with consumers through our customers, so we may be held
 accountable for our customers handling of the
 consumers personal information. 

On behalf of our customers, we collect and use anonymous and
 personal information and information derived from the activities
 of Web site visitors. This enables us to provide our customers
 with anonymous or personally identifiable information from and
 about the users of their Web sites. Federal, state and foreign
 government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering
 adopting laws regarding the collection, use and disclosure of
 this information. Therefore our compliance with privacy laws and
 regulations and our reputation among the public body of Web site
 visitors depend on our customers adherence to privacy laws
 and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent
 with consumers expectations.

We also rely on representations made to us by our customers that
 their own use of our services and the information we provide to
 them via our services do not violate any applicable privacy
 laws, rules and regulations or

42

Table of Contents 

their own privacy policies. Our customers also represent to us
 that they provide their Web site users the opportunity to
 opt-out of the information collection associated
 with our services. We do not audit our customers to confirm
 compliance with these representations. If these representations
 are false or if our customers do not otherwise comply with
 applicable privacy laws, we could face potentially adverse
 publicity and possible legal or other regulatory action.

Domestic
 or foreign laws or regulations may limit our ability to collect
 and use Internet user information, resulting in a decrease in
 the value of our services and having an adverse impact on the
 sales of our services. 

State attorneys general, governmental and non-governmental
 entities and private persons may bring legal actions asserting
 that our methods of collecting, using and distributing Web site
 visitor information are illegal or improper, which could require
 us to spend significant time and resources defending these
 claims. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens
 imposed by, laws or regulatory actions may prevent us from
 offering services or otherwise limit the growth of our services.
 In addition, some companies have been the subject of
 class-action 
 lawsuits and governmental investigations based on their
 collection, use and distribution of Web site visitor
 information. Any such legal action, even if unsuccessful, may
 distract our management s attention, divert our resources,
 negatively affect our public image and harm our business.

Various state legislatures have enacted legislation designed to
 protect consumers privacy by prohibiting the distribution
 of spyware over the Internet. Such anti-spyware laws
 typically focus on restricting the proliferation of certain
 kinds of downloadable software, or spyware, that, when installed
 on an end user s computer, are used to intentionally and
 deceptively take control of the end user s machine. We do
 not believe that the data collection methods employed by our
 technology constitute spyware or that such methods
 are prohibited by such legislation. Similar legislation has been
 proposed federally. This legislation, if drafted broadly enough,
 could be deemed to apply to the technology we use and could
 potentially restrict our information collection methods. Any
 restriction or change to our information collection methods
 would cause us to spend substantial amounts of money and time to
 make changes and could decrease the amount and utility of the
 information that we collect.

Both existing and proposed laws regulate and restrict the
 collection and use of information over the Internet that
 personally identifies the Web site visitor. These laws continue
 to change and vary among domestic and foreign jurisdictions, but
 certain information such as names, addresses, telephone numbers,
 credit card numbers and
 e-mail 
 addresses are widely considered personally identifying. The
 scope of information collected over the Internet that is
 considered personally identifying may become more expansive, and
 it is possible that current and future legislation may apply to
 information that our customers currently collect without the
 explicit consent of Web site visitors. If information that our
 customers collect and use without explicit consent is considered
 to be personally identifying, their ability to collect and use
 this information will be restricted and they would have to
 change their methods, which could lead to decreased use of our
 services.

Domestic and foreign governments are also considering
 restricting the collection and use of Internet usage data
 generally. Some privacy advocates argue that even anonymous
 data, individually or when aggregated, may reveal too much
 information about Web site visitors. If governmental authorities
 were to follow privacy advocates recommendations and enact
 laws that limit data collection practices, our customers would
 likely have to obtain the express consent of a user of our
 customers Web sites before we could collect, share or use
 any of that user s information regardless of whether the
 collection is done on behalf of our customers. Any requirement
 that we obtain consent from the users of our customers Web
 sites would reduce the amount and value of the information that
 we provide to customers, which might cause some existing
 customers to discontinue using our services. We would also need
 to expend considerable effort and resources to develop new
 information collection procedures to comply with an express
 consent requirement. Even if our customers succeeded in
 developing new procedures, they might be unable to convince
 Internet users to agree to the collection and use of the
 users information. This would negatively impact our
 revenues, growth and potential for expanding our business and
 could cause our stock price to decline.

43

Table of Contents 

We may
 face liability for the unauthorized disclosure or theft of
 private information, which could expose us to liabilities and
 harm our stock price. 

Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information
 regarding Web site visitors, whether through breach of our
 secure network by an unauthorized party, employee theft or
 misuse, or otherwise, could harm our business. If there were
 even an inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable
 information, or if a third party were to gain unauthorized
 access to the personally identifiable information we possess,
 our operations could be seriously disrupted, our reputation
 could be harmed and we could be subject to claims (including
 claims for substantial liquidated damages) pursuant to our
 agreements with our customers or other liabilities. In addition,
 if a person penetrates our network security or otherwise
 misappropriates data, we could be subject to liability. Such
 perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of the information
 we collect or breach of our security could harm our business.

We may
 face public relations problems as a result of violations of
 privacy laws and perceived mistreatment of personal information,
 and these public relations problems may harm our reputation and
 thereby lead to a reduction in customers and lower
 revenues. 

Any perception of our practices as an invasion of privacy,
 whether or not illegal, may subject us to public criticism.
 Existing and potential future privacy laws and increasing
 sensitivity of consumers to unauthorized disclosures and use of
 personal information may create negative public reactions
 related to our business practices. Public concerns regarding
 data collection, privacy and security may cause some Web site
 visitors to be less likely to visit Web sites that subscribe to
 our services. If enough users choose not to visit our
 customers Web sites, our ability to collect sufficient
 amounts of information and provide our services effectively
 would be adversely affected, and those Web sites could stop
 using our services. This, in turn, would reduce the value of our
 services and inhibit or reverse the growth of our business.

Internet-related
 and other laws could adversely affect our
 business. 

Laws and regulations that apply to communications and commerce
 over the Internet are becoming more prevalent. In particular,
 the growth and development of the market for online commerce has
 prompted calls for more stringent tax, consumer protection and
 privacy laws, both in the United States and abroad, that may
 impose additional burdens on companies conducting business
 online. This could negatively affect the businesses of our
 customers and reduce their demand for our services.
 Internet-related laws, however, remain largely unsettled, even
 in areas where there has been some legislative action. The
 adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the
 Internet or our operations, or interpretations of existing law,
 could adversely affect our business.

Risks
 Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common
 Stock 

The
 trading price of our common stock may be subject to significant
 fluctuations and volatility, and our stockholders may be unable
 to resell their shares at a profit. 

The stock markets, in general, and the markets for high
 technology stocks in particular, have experienced high levels of
 volatility. The market for technology stocks has been extremely
 volatile and frequently reaches levels that bear no relationship
 to the past or present operating performance of those companies.
 These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading
 price of our common stock. In addition, the trading price of our
 common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations and
 may continue to fluctuate or decline. Since our initial public
 offering, which was completed in July 2006, the price of our
 common stock has ranged from an
 intra-day 
 low of 5.60 to an
 intra-day 
 high of 38.57 through February 22, 2008. Factors that
 could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common
 stock include the following:

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from
 time to time;

significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of
 technology companies in general, and companies in our industry;

actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or
 fluctuations in our operating results;

44

Table of Contents 

actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors
 or securities analysts, including changes in financial estimates
 or investment recommendations by securities analysts who follow
 our business;

speculation in the press or investment community;

technological advances or introduction of new products by us or
 our competitors;

actual or anticipated developments in our competitors 
 businesses or the competitive landscape generally;

litigation involving us, our industry or both;

regulatory developments in the United States, foreign countries
 or both;

major catastrophic events;

our sale of common stock or other securities in the future;

the trading volume of our common stock, as well as sales of
 large blocks of our stock; or

departures of key personnel.

These factors, as well as general economic and political
 conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed
 acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any
 difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our
 strategic partners, customers or our current competitors, may
 materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock
 in the future. In the past, following periods of volatility in
 the market price of a company s securities, securities
 class action litigation has often been instituted against that
 company. Such litigation could result in substantial cost and a
 diversion of management s attention and resources. In
 addition, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock
 price or changes to our overall compensation program, including
 our equity incentive program, may adversely affect our ability
 to retain key employees.

If
 securities analysts stop publishing research or reports about
 our business, or if they downgrade our stock, the price of our
 stock could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the
 research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish
 about us. We do not control these analysts. If one or more of
 the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock, our stock
 price would likely decline. Further, if one or more of these
 analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility
 in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to
 decline.

The
 concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders will
 likely limit your ability to influence the outcome of key
 transactions, including a change of control. 

Our executive officers, directors, five percent or greater
 stockholders and affiliated entities together beneficially own a
 substantial amount of the outstanding shares of our common
 stock. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together,
 would be able to exert significant influence over most matters
 requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election
 of directors and the approval of significant corporate
 transactions, even if other stockholders oppose them. This
 concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying,
 preventing or deterring a change of control of our company that
 other stockholders may view as beneficial, could deprive our
 stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their
 common stock as part of a sale of our company and might
 ultimately affect the market price of our common stock.

Provisions
 in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws under Delaware
 law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of
 our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress
 the trading price of our common stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions
 that could depress the trading price of our common stock by
 acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of
 our company or changes in our management that the stockholders
 of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions:

establish a classified Board of Directors so that not all
 members of our Board of Directors are elected at one time;

45

Table of Contents 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred
 stock that our Board of Directors could issue to increase the
 number of outstanding shares to discourage a takeover attempt;

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires
 all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our
 stockholders;

prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of our
 stockholders;

provide that our Board of Directors is expressly authorized to
 make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for
 elections to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters
 that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings.

Additionally, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware
 General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware
 corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business
 combinations with any interested stockholder for a
 period of three years following the date on which the
 stockholder became an interested stockholder and
 which may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of
 our company.

ITEM 1B 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None.

ITEM 2. 

Properties 

Our executive offices and principal office for domestic
 marketing, sales and development occupy approximately
 103,000 square feet in Orem, Utah under leases that expire
 in 2011. In January 2008, we amended the lease for our Orem,
 Utah headquarters to add approximately 33,000 additional square
 feet of office space commencing in March 2008. As a result of
 our acquisition of Visual Sciences, we also lease approximately
 61,000 square feet of office space located in
 San Diego, California under a lease that expires in January
 2013, of which we currently occupy approximately
 40,000 square feet for sales, development and professional
 services personnel. We sublease the unused space at such
 facility under a sublease which expires in February 2008. We
 intend to renew this sublease upon its expiration. In connection
 with our acquisitions of Offermatica and Visual Sciences we
 consolidated our combined Northern California operations in
 office space in San Francisco, California for sales,
 development and professional services personnel under a lease
 for 35,000 square feet that expires in 2013. We also lease
 office space in various other locations throughout the United
 States for sales and professional services personnel. Our
 foreign subsidiaries lease office space for their operations and
 sales and professional services personnel. We consider our
 facilities to be both suitable and adequate to provide for our
 current and near-term requirements. If we require additional
 space, we believe that we will be able to obtain this space on
 commercially reasonable terms.

ITEM 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

Generally, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising
 from the normal course of business activities. In accordance
 with SFAS No. 5, Accounting Contingencies , we
 make a provision for liability when it is both probable that the
 liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be
 reasonably estimated. We conduct quarterly reviews of any legal
 proceedings in which we are involved to determine the impacts of
 negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and
 other information and events pertaining to a particular case to
 assess whether any provisions are required to reflect the
 impacts. We do not believe that ultimate disposition of these
 matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated
 results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
 However, litigation is inherently unpredictable, and depending
 on the amount and timing, an unfavorable resolution of a matter
 could materially affect our future results of operations, cash
 flows or financial position in a particular period. See risk
 factors If a third party asserts that we are infringing
 its intellectual property, whether successful or not, it could
 subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive
 licenses, and our business may be harmed and
 The success of our business depends in large part on
 our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property
 rights in Item 1A of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

46

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

At our special meeting of stockholders held on January 17,
 2008 in Orem, Utah, the following proposals were adopted by the
 margins indicated:

1. A proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Omniture
 common stock in connection with the merger contemplated by the
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 25,
 2007, by and among Omniture, Voyager Acquisition Corp, a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Omniture, and Visual Sciences Inc.

Votes For 

Votes Against 

Abstain 

48,240,628

52,438

5,191

2. A proposal to approve the adjournment or postponement of
 the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to
 solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes to
 approve Proposal 1 above.

Votes For 

Votes Against 

Abstain 

45,974,097

1,423,806

900,354

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
 Information for Common Stock 

Our common stock has been quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market
 under the symbol OMTR since our initial public
 offering on June 28, 2006. Prior to that time, there was no
 public market for our common stock.

The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the
 high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported by the
 Nasdaq Global Market.

High 

Low 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2007:

First quarter

18.75

13.25

Second quarter

24.26

15.50

Third quarter

31.43

20.20

Fourth quarter

38.57

25.54

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2006:

Second quarter (beginning June 28, 2006)

7.60

5.60

Third quarter

8.59

6.23

Fourth quarter

14.97

7.35

Dividends 

We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our common
 stock. We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, to
 finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do
 not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
 future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy
 will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors.

Stockholders 

As of February 22, 2008, there were 71,629,640 shares
 of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 178
 stockholders of record, including the Depository
 Trust Company, which holds shares of our common stock on
 behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial owners.

47

Table of Contents 

Stock
 Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 

Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our
 previous or future filings with the SEC, the following
 information relating to the price performance of our common
 stock shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC
 or to be soliciting material under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and it
 shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of
 our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except
 to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into
 such filing. 

The following graph shows a comparison from June 28, 2006
 (the date our common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq
 Global Market) through December 31, 2007 of the cumulative
 total return for our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index
 and the Nasdaq Computer Index. Data for the Nasdaq Composite
 Index and the Nasdaq Computer Index assume reinvestment of
 dividends. The comparisons in this graph below are based on
 historical data and are not intended to forecast or be
 indicative of future performance of our common stock.

COMPARISON
 OF 18 MONTH CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Omniture, Inc, The Nasdaq Composite Index 
 and The Nasdaq Computer Index 

100 invested on 6/28/06 in stock or 5/31/06 in index-including
 reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.

The stock price performance included in this graph is not
 necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In March 2007, we completed the acquisition of Touch Clarity
 Limited pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement dated as of
 February 14, 2007 by and among Omniture, the former
 shareholders of Touch Clarity Limited, and certain
 representatives of the Touch Clarity shareholders. In connection
 with the closing of the Touch Clarity acquisition, the holders
 of both vested and unvested options to purchase shares of Touch
 Clarity common stock received replacement options to purchase
 approximately 0.7 million shares of Omniture common stock
 with a weighted average exercise price for the replacement stock
 options equal to approximately 0.79 per share, or Touch Clarity
 Transaction Options. Additionally, the consideration in the
 acquisition of Touch Clarity consisted, in part, in the payment
 of approximately 0.8 million shares of Omniture common
 stock to the former shareholders of Touch Clarity, or Touch
 Clarity Transaction Shares, which shares were issued in August
 2007. The Touch Clarity Transaction Options and the Touch
 Clarity Transaction Shares were not registered under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. In
 issuing the Touch Clarity Transaction Options and the Touch
 Clarity Transaction Shares, Omniture relied on the exemptions
 from registration under the Securities Act provided by

48

Table of Contents 

Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation D
 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 thereunder, and Regulation S promulgated by the Securities
 and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, based in part
 on representations made by the intended recipients of such
 options and shares as to their status as accredited investors
 and
 non-U.S. persons 
 and the determination that, in some cases, the transactions were
 exempt from registration as not involving an offer or sale
 within the meaning of the Securities Act.

In December 2007, we completed our acquisition of Offermatica
 Corporation pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
 Reorganization, dated September 7, 2007, by and among
 Omniture, San Francisco Acquisition Sub, a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Omniture and Offermatica. The consideration in the
 acquisition of Offermatica consisted, in part, in the payment of
 approximately 1.0 million shares of Omniture common stock
 to the former stockholders of Offermatica, or the Offermatica
 Merger Shares. The Offermatica Merger Shares were not registered
 under the Securities Act. Omniture obtained a permit from the
 California Commissioner of Corporations qualifying the issuance
 of the Offermatica Merger Shares under Sections 25121 and
 25142 of the California Corporations Code. Accordingly, the
 Offermatica Merger Shares were exempt from the registration
 requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act pursuant to
 Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act.

Use of
 Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

Our initial public offering of common stock, or IPO, was made
 pursuant to a registration statement on
 Form S-1 
 (File
 No. 333-132987), 
 which the Securities and Exchange Commission declared effective
 on June 27, 2006. As a result of the offering, we raised
 approximately 59.2 million, net of underwriting discounts,
 commissions and offering expenses. During the last three
 quarters of 2007 and January 2008, we used the remainder of the
 net IPO proceeds to acquire certain intellectual property
 rights and to complete the acquisitions of Offermatica and
 Visual Sciences.

Trading
 Plans 

Our Insider Trading Policy permits directors, officers and other
 employees covered under the policy to establish, subject to
 certain conditions and limitations set forth in the policy,
 written trading plans which are intended to comply with
 Rule 10b5-1 
 under the Securities Exchange Act, which permit automatic
 trading of common stock of Omniture, Inc. or trading of common
 stock by an independent person (such as stockbroker) who is not
 aware of material, nonpublic information at the time of the
 trade. We are aware that certain of our directors and officers
 have entered into written trading plans, and we believe our
 directors and officers may establish such plans in the future.

Stock
 Repurchases 

We did not repurchase any of our stock during 2007.

49

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

We present below our selected consolidated financial data. The
 selected consolidated statement of operations data for the years
 ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and the selected
 consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2006 and
 2007 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial
 statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 The selected consolidated statement of operations data for the
 years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004 and the selected
 consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2003, 2004
 and 2005 have been derived from our audited consolidated
 financial statements not included in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 You should read this information together with
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated
 financial statements and related notes, each included elsewhere
 in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
 results to be expected in any future period.

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Total revenues

8,654

20,566

42,804

79,749

143,127

Net income (loss)

143

(1,318

(17,441

(7,725
 (1) 

(9,429
 (1) 

Net income (loss) per share, diluted

0.01

(0.10

(1.27

(0.25
 (1) 

(0.18
 (1) 

Weighted-average number of shares

22,677

13,094

13,694

30,332

53,710

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

2,187

8,927

22,196

68,287

(2) 

134,689

(3) 

Working (deficit) capital

(2,638

(1,422

1,191

52,028

(2) 

120,033

(3) 

Total assets

6,926

32,768

73,051

135,210

(2) 

370,723

(3)(4) 

Total long-term obligations, including current
 portion (5) 

2,054

9,028

5,992

10,191

7,774

Convertible preferred stock

10,108

22,770

61,882

(6) 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity

(12,205

(13,413

(30,266

86,425

(2)(6) 

291,075

(3) 

(1) 

As a result of adopting SFAS No. 123R on
 January 1, 2006, our net loss and diluted net loss per
 share for 2006 were 1.8 million and 0.06, respectively,
 greater than if we had continued to account for stock-based
 compensation under the previous accounting rules. Also, our net
 loss and diluted net loss per share for 2007 were
 11.1 million and 0.21, respectively, greater than if we
 had continued to account for stock-based compensation under the
 previous accounting rules. Because we adopted SFAS No. 123R
 using the prospective transition method, we applied its
 provisions only to stock awards granted, modified, repurchased
 or cancelled on or after the effective date. 

(2) 

Cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets and
 total stockholders (deficit) equity increased in 2006
 primarily due to the net cash proceeds of 59.2 million,
 after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering
 expenses, from our initial public offering in July 2006. 

(3) 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, working
 capital, total assets and stockholders equity increased in
 2007 primarily due to the net cash proceeds of
 142.2 million, after deducting underwriting discounts,
 commissions and offering expenses, from our common stock
 offering in June 2007. 

(4) 

Total assets increased in 2007 as a result of the acquisitions
 of Instadia, Touch Clarity and Offermatica. 

(5) 

Total long-term obligations, including current portion consist
 of notes payable and capital lease obligations. 

(6) 

In 2006, the entire balance of convertible preferred stock was
 reclassified to stockholders (deficit) equity due to the
 automatic conversion of the outstanding shares of convertible
 preferred stock to common stock upon the closing of our initial
 public offering in July 2006. 

ITEM 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in
 conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and
 related Notes included in Part II. Item 8 of this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements based on
 current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such
 as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, as set

50

Table of Contents 

forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
 Statements. Our actual results and the timing of events
 could differ materially from those anticipated in these
 forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
 including those set forth in the following discussion and in
 Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere
 in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all references to a year reflect our
 fiscal year that ends on December 31, 2007. 

Overview 

We are a leading provider of online business optimization
 services, which our customers use to manage and enhance online,
 offline and multi-channel business initiatives. Our Omniture
 online business optimization platform, which we host and deliver
 to our customers on-demand, consists of Omniture SiteCatalyst,
 our flagship service, and our Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture
 Discover OnDemand, Omniture Genesis, Omniture SearchCenter,
 Omniture Test Target, Omniture SiteSearch and Omniture
 Publish services and our Omniture Discover OnPremise software.
 These services, built on a scalable and flexible computing
 architecture, enable our customers to capture, store and analyze
 information generated by their Web sites and other sources and
 to gain critical business insights into the performance and
 efficiency of marketing and sales initiatives and other business
 processes and to automate the optimization of key areas of their
 online businesses.

We were founded in 1996, began offering our on-demand online
 business optimization services in 1997 and began offering these
 services to enterprises in 2001. Our total revenues have grown
 from 3.7 million in 2002 to 143.1 million in 2007,
 representing an average annual growth rate of approximately
 109 . Our total cost of revenues and total operating expenses
 have increased from 60.2 million in 2005 to
 156.4 million in 2007. Our loss from operations was
 17.4 million in 2005 and declined to 8.1 million in
 2006. Our loss from operations increased to 13.3 million
 in 2007. Our net loss was 17.4 million in 2005 and
 declined to 7.7 million in 2006. Our net loss increased to
 9.4 million in 2007. We sell our services through direct
 sales efforts and indirectly through resellers. Substantially
 all of our revenues from 2002 to 2007 have been derived from
 subscription fees for our services, which represented
 approximately 96 of total revenues in 2005, 94 of total
 revenues in 2006 and 92 of total revenues in 2007.

We provide our online business optimization services to
 businesses in 86 countries. During all of 2006, our services
 captured approximately 1.4 trillion transactions, and during
 2007 the number of transactions our services captured increased
 to approximately 2.2 trillion for approximately 3,000 customers.

Our revenue growth will depend on our ability to attract new
 customers, to retain our customers over time and to sell
 additional service offerings to our installed Omniture
 SiteCatalyst customer base. In addition to these factors that
 will impact our revenue growth, our profitability will also be
 affected by our ability to realize economies of scale as our
 business grows, the amount of stock-based compensation expense
 we must record related to future stock awards and the amount of
 amortization expense associated with future intangible asset
 acquisitions. The delivery of our services requires us to make
 significant upfront capital expenditures to support the network
 infrastructure needs of our services. We typically depreciate
 these capital expenditures over a period of approximately four
 years, and we begin to include the depreciation amount in our
 cost of subscription revenues promptly after making the
 expenditures. During 2007, we began leasing a portion of our
 network infrastructure equipment requirements under operating
 leases, which require us to begin making lease payments and
 begin recording lease expense immediately upon receipt of the
 equipment. We generally recognize revenue from our customers
 ratably over the contractual service period but only after we
 begin to provide our services to them. Therefore, any delays we
 encounter in the implementation of our services to our customers
 will impact our ability to start recognizing revenue and to
 begin to offset the depreciation and lease costs resulting from
 the upfront capital expenditures and acquisitions under
 operating leases. These delays will also defer the collection of
 cash necessary to begin offsetting the expenditures.

Those few customers who contract for the measurement of the
 highest numbers of transactions generally require more
 significant upfront capital expenditures and more prolonged
 implementation cycles. In addition, we typically provide
 customers that commit to a higher number of transactions with
 lower per transaction pricing, which results in lower gross
 margins for revenues from those customers. These factors
 together further delay the profitability and positive cash-flow
 realization from these large customers.

51

Table of Contents 

Historically, most of our revenues have resulted from the sale
 of our services to companies located in the United States.
 During 2007, we acquired two European-based companies, in part
 due to our strategy to expand our international sales operations
 by growing our direct sales force abroad. We also intend to
 utilize resellers and other sales channel relationships with
 third parties to expand our international sales operations. As a
 result of these efforts, our revenues from customers outside of
 the United States increased from 11 of total revenues in 2005
 to 17 of total revenues in 2006 and to 26 of total revenues in
 2007.

We experience significant seasonality in our contracting
 activity. Historically, a significant percentage of our
 customers have entered into or renewed subscription services
 agreements in the fourth quarter. Also, a significant percentage
 of our customer agreements within a given quarter are entered
 into during the last month, weeks or days of the quarter.

Acquisitions 

Acquisition
 of Instadia A/S 

In January 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding voting stock
 of Instadia, a provider of enterprise, on-demand Web analytics
 services based in Copenhagen, Denmark. We purchased Instadia to
 acquire its existing customer base, key personnel and
 technology. The preliminary aggregate purchase price was
 approximately 14.3 million, which consisted of
 (1) total cash consideration of approximately
 11.4 million, (2) restructuring charges of
 approximately 2.4 million, (3) acquisition-related
 costs and (4) a license payment to NetRatings, related to
 the Instadia acquisition of approximately 0.3 million,
 which we elected to make in February 2007 in accordance with the
 terms of the settlement and patent license agreement entered
 into with NetRatings in February 2006. The results of operations
 of Instadia are included in our results of operations from the
 acquisition date.

Acquisition
 of Touch Clarity Limited 

In March 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding voting stock
 of Touch Clarity, a provider of enterprise, on-demand, automated
 onsite behavioral targeting and optimization solutions, based in
 London, England. We purchased Touch Clarity to acquire its key
 personnel and technology. The preliminary aggregate purchase
 price was approximately 61.3 million, which consisted of
 (1) total cash consideration of approximately
 29.5 million, (2) the issuance of approximately
 0.8 million shares of our common stock valued at
 approximately 22.1 million, net of issuance costs,
 (3) the fair value of substituted options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs and (5) a license
 payment to NetRatings related to the Touch Clarity acquisition
 of approximately 0.5 million, which we elected to make in
 April 2007 in accordance with the terms of the settlement and
 patent license agreement entered into with NetRatings, in
 February 2006. The terms of the acquisition also provided for
 the payment of up to 3.0 million in additional
 consideration during the first fiscal quarter of 2008,
 contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones during
 2007. Any contingent consideration paid by us would increase the
 aggregate purchase price and goodwill.

Acquisition
 of Offermatica Corporation 

On December 13, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding
 voting stock of Offermatica, an on-demand provider of A/B and
 multivariate testing solutions that enable companies to define
 and test the structure and other elements of their Web sites. We
 purchased Offermatica to acquire its existing customer base, key
 personnel and technology. The results of operations of
 Offermatica are included in our results of operations from the
 acquisition date.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 60.4 million, which consisted of (1) initial cash
 consideration of approximately 33.6 million, (2) the
 issuance of approximately 1.0 million shares of our common
 stock valued at approximately 24.8 million,
 (3) acquisition-related costs and (4) a license
 payment to NetRatings of approximately 0.9 million related
 to the Offermatica acquisition, which we elected to make in
 January 2008 in accordance with the terms of the settlement and
 patent license agreement entered into with NetRatings in
 February 2006.

52

Table of Contents 

Acquisition
 of Visual Sciences, Inc. 

On January 17, 2008, we acquired all of the outstanding
 voting stock of Visual Sciences, a provider of on-demand Web
 analytics applications. The acquisition was accounted for under
 the purchase method of accounting. We purchased Visual Sciences
 to acquire its existing customer base, key personnel and
 technology. Because the acquisition was completed after
 December 31, 2007, no results of operations of Visual
 Sciences are included in our results of operations for 2007.

Under the terms of the acquisition, each outstanding share of
 Visual Sciences capital stock was converted into 0.49 of a share
 of our common stock and 2.39 in cash. In connection with the
 acquisition, options to purchase Visual Sciences common stock
 outstanding at the time of closing were assumed by us and
 converted into options to purchase shares of our common stock,
 based on an option exchange ratio pursuant to the terms of the
 definitive agreement.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 437.5 million, which consisted of (1) the issuance of
 approximately 10.3 million shares of our common stock upon
 closing of the acquisition, valued at approximately
 354.6 million, net of issuance costs, (2) cash
 consideration of approximately 50.1 million, (3) the
 fair value of assumed Visual Sciences stock options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs, (5) restructuring costs
 and (6) a license payment of approximately
 2.3 million to NetRatings in accordance with the
 settlement and patent cross-license agreement entered into by
 Visual Sciences with NetRatings in August 2007. For accounting
 purposes, we have not yet made a final determination of certain
 components of the Visual Sciences purchase price. Accordingly,
 the aggregate purchase price is still preliminary and subject to
 further adjustment as additional information becomes available
 to us. There can be no assurance that the final determination
 will not result in material changes from these preliminary
 amounts.

We also issued approximately 0.1 million shares of our
 common stock in exchange for unvested Visual Sciences restricted
 stock awards that remain subject to forfeiture based on the
 original vesting schedule applicable to such awards. We will be
 required to pay up to an additional approximately
 0.5 million in cash consideration as these restricted
 stock awards become vested.

How We
 Generate Revenues 

Our revenues are classified into two types: subscription
 revenues and professional services and other revenues.
 Subscription revenues accounted for 96 of total revenues in
 2005, 94 of total revenues in 2006 and 92 of total revenues in
 2007.

Subscription
 Revenues 

We derive subscription revenues from customers that use our
 online business optimization services. We generally bill for our
 Omniture SiteCatalyst and Omniture Discover OnDemand
 subscription fees based on a committed minimum number of
 transactions from which we capture data over a predetermined
 period. We generally consider a transaction to be any electronic
 interaction, which could be either online or offline, between
 our customer and their customer that generates data which is
 incorporated into our optimization platform. Most of our
 customer contracts provide for additional fees for over-usage
 based on the number of transactions in excess of this committed
 minimum number. In addition, we generally charge an annual fee
 for Omniture Discover OnDemand, based on the number of users of
 our Omniture Discover OnDemand subscription services. We bill a
 limited number of large customers based on actual transactions
 from which we capture data during the billing period.

We generally bill customers for our Omniture SearchCenter
 subscription services based on either a fixed percentage of our
 customer s monthly online advertising spending managed
 through our Omniture SearchCenter services, or based on a
 committed minimum number of bid reviews tracked on a monthly
 basis. We generally consider a bid review to be each instance
 where our Omniture SearchCenter services check or change a
 customer s bids on its keyword or product listing. Most of
 our customer contracts provide for additional fees for bid
 reviews in excess of a stated quantity during a month.

For our Omniture TouchClarity behavioral targeting subscription
 services, we generally bill these fees based on the number of
 campaign containers we manage for our customers. We consider a
 campaign container to be any

53

Table of Contents 

unique location on a customer s Web page for which the
 customer is tracking data about a specific marketing campaign
 activity. Most of our customer behavioral targeting contracts
 provide for additional fees for transactions tracked in excess
 of a specified quantity of transactions.

We generally bill for our Omniture Offermatica subscription
 services based on a committed minimum number of daily visits to
 the customer s Web page that are tracked through our
 services. Most of our testing contracts allow us to charge
 additional fees for daily visits tracked through our services in
 excess of the committed minimum.

We also derive subscription revenues from implementation fees
 associated with the initial deployment of our services.
 Implementation fees are generally billed as fixed fees per
 service installation.

The volume of subscription revenues is driven primarily by the
 number of customers and the number of transactions from which we
 capture data. The terms of our service agreements are typically
 from one to three years. We recognize subscription revenues
 ratably over the term of the agreement, beginning on the
 commencement of the service. Customers typically have the right
 to terminate their contracts for cause if we fail to
 substantially perform. Some of our customers also have the right
 to cancel their service agreements by providing prior written
 notice to us of their intent to cancel the remaining term of
 their agreement. In the event that a customer cancels its
 contract, it is not entitled to a refund for prior services
 provided to it by us.

We invoice most customers monthly, quarterly or annually in
 advance for subscription fees and implementation fees, while we
 invoice over-usage fees and actual usage fees monthly in
 arrears. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in
 accounts receivable and in deferred revenues, or in revenues if
 all the revenue recognition criteria have been met.

In the future we may realize a portion of our revenues from the
 sale of software licenses related to software products acquired
 in the Visual Sciences acquisition. These software licenses
 would be accounted for in accordance with Statement of Position,
 or SOP,
 97-2, 
 Software Revenue Recognition, as amended by
 SOP 98-9, 
 Modification of
 SOP 97-2, 
 Software Revenue Recognition . None of our 2007 revenues were
 derived from the sale of software licenses.

Professional
 Services and Other Revenues 

Professional services and other revenues are primarily derived
 from consulting and training services provided to our customers.

Depending on the nature of the engagement, consulting services
 are billed either on a
 time-and-materials 
 basis or as a single fee per engagement. We also offer a number
 of training courses on implementing, using and administering our
 services, which are generally billed at a standard rate per
 attendee, per course. We recognize revenues from professional
 services that are sold with subscription services over the term
 of the related subscription contract. We recognize revenues from
 professional services sold separately from subscription services
 as those services are performed.

Indirect
 Sales 

We sell our online business optimization services primarily
 through direct sales efforts and to a limited extent through
 third parties that resell our services to end users. We
 typically bill the reseller directly for services we provide to
 end users, based on the contracted pricing. This pricing is
 generally a fixed percentage of the fee charged by the reseller
 to the end user. We recognize revenues on these arrangements,
 equal to the amount we bill to the reseller, when all revenue
 recognition criteria are met.

Cost of
 Revenues and Operating Expenses 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Cost of subscription revenues consists primarily of expenses
 related to operating our network infrastructure, including
 depreciation expenses and operating lease payments associated
 with computer equipment, data center costs, salaries and related
 expenses of network operations, implementation, account
 management and technical support personnel and amortization of
 intangible assets. Cost of subscription revenues will, absent
 any impairment

54

Table of Contents 

and before any affect of the Visual Sciences acquisition,
 include approximately 7.4 million in annual amortization
 of existing acquired intangible assets through 2010 and
 decreasing amounts thereafter through March 31, 2014. We
 enter into contracts with third parties for the use of their
 data center facilities, and our data center costs largely
 consist of the amounts we pay to these third parties for rack
 space, power and similar items.

Cost of professional services and other revenues consists
 primarily of employee-related costs associated with these
 services. We recognize costs related to professional services as
 they are incurred. The cost of professional services and other
 revenues is significantly higher as a percentage of professional
 services and other revenues than the cost of subscription
 revenues is as a percentage of subscription revenues, due to the
 labor costs associated with providing these services.

Operating
 Expenses 

Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing expenses,
 research and development expenses and general and administrative
 expenses.

Sales and marketing expenses have historically been our largest
 operating expense category. Sales and marketing expenses consist
 primarily of salaries, benefits and related expenses for our
 sales and marketing personnel, commissions, the costs of
 marketing programs (including advertising, events, corporate
 communications and other brand building and product marketing)
 and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses will,
 absent any impairment and before any affect of the Visual
 Sciences acquisition, also include approximately
 2.0 million in annual amortization of acquired
 customer-related intangible assets through 2012 and decreasing
 amounts thereafter through March 31, 2015.

Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries,
 benefits and related expenses for our software engineering and
 quality assurance personnel and allocated overhead.

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of
 salaries, benefits and related expenses for our executive,
 finance and accounting, legal, human resources and information
 systems personnel, professional fees, other corporate expenses
 and allocated overhead.

We allocate overhead such as rent and other occupancy costs,
 telecommunications charges and
 non-network 
 related depreciation to all departments based on headcount. As a
 result, general overhead expenses are reflected in each cost of
 revenues and operating expense item. Our cost of revenues and
 operating expenses also include stock-based compensation
 expenses related to the following: (1) the fair value of
 stock options issued to employees on or after January 1,
 2006; (2) stock options issued to employees prior to 2006
 in situations in which the exercise price was less than the
 deemed fair value of our common stock on the date of grant; and
 (3) stock options issued to non-employees.

Trends in
 Our Business and Results of Operations 

Our business has grown rapidly. This growth has been driven
 primarily by an expansion of our customer base, coupled with
 increased subscription revenues from existing customers. To
 date, we have derived a substantial majority of our revenues
 from subscription fees for Omniture SiteCatalyst and related
 subscription services provided to customers in the United
 States. As demonstrated, in part, by our recent acquisitions of
 Touch Clarity, Offermatica and Visual Sciences, we expect that
 revenues associated with our current and future services other
 than Omniture SiteCatalyst will continue to increase over time
 and continue to reduce the percentage of total revenues
 generated by Omniture SiteCatalyst.

In addition, as we continue expanding our international sales
 operations and international distribution channels, we expect
 that revenues from customers located outside the United States
 will continue to increase as a percentage of total revenues.
 Revenues from customers located outside the United States have
 increased from 11 of total revenues for 2005 to 17 of total
 revenues for 2006 and 26 of total revenues for 2007.
 Additionally, we expect the percentage of total revenues derived
 from our largest customers to further decrease over time, as a
 result of continued expansion of our customer base.

55

Table of Contents 

If our customer base continues to grow, it will be necessary for
 us to continue to make significant upfront investments in the
 network infrastructure equipment and implementation personnel
 necessary to support this growth. The rate at which we add new
 customers, along with the scale of new customer implementations,
 will affect the level of these upfront investments. Our gross
 margins have increased from 52 for 2005 to 60 for 2006 and to
 63 for 2007, primarily due to more efficient utilization of our
 network hardware. We are seeking to achieve further economies of
 scale as we continue expanding our network infrastructure,
 resulting in a reduction over time of network operations costs
 as a percentage of total revenues, although improvements in
 future gross margins are not expected to occur at the same rate
 experienced from 2005 through 2007.

During 2007, we began leasing a portion of our network
 infrastructure equipment requirements under operating leases
 provided by third-party financing sources. During 2007, we
 leased equipment under operating leases with total future
 minimum lease payments of approximately 10.9 million. We
 expect equipment acquired under operating leases to continue to
 increase in 2008 in absolute dollars. Although we do not expect
 the use of operating leases to have a significant impact on
 total cost of revenues, when compared to the effect of
 purchasing this equipment, our capital expenditures are reduced
 to the extent we utilize operating leases.

The timing of additional expenditures and equipment operating
 leases could materially affect our cost of revenues, both in
 absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in any
 particular period. In addition, because we incur immediate
 depreciation and lease expense from our significant upfront
 network computer equipment requirements as new customers are
 added, these customers are not immediately profitable. As a
 result, our profitability can be significantly affected by the
 timing of the addition of new customers, particularly customers
 with large volume requirements. At least through March 31,
 2014, our cost of revenues and our gross margin will also be
 negatively affected by the amortization of the following
 intangible assets: (1) the estimated fair value of the
 patents licensed from NetRatings; and (2) the intangible
 assets directly related to our subscription service that were
 acquired as part of our acquisitions of other businesses.

We have also experienced, and expect to continue to experience
 rapid growth in our operating expenses as we make investments to
 support the anticipated growth of our customer base. Our
 full-time employee headcount increased from 305 at
 December 31, 2005 to 713 at December 31, 2007. We
 expect operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute
 dollars, but to decline over time as a percentage of total
 revenues due to anticipated economies of scale in our business
 support functions. We also expect our future operating expenses
 to increase in absolute dollars due to the incremental salaries,
 benefits and expenses related to the addition of personnel from
 our acquisitions completed in 2007 and during the first quarter
 of 2008, along with any future acquisitions.

We plan to continue investing heavily in sales and marketing by
 increasing the number of direct sales personnel and the number
 of indirect distribution channels, expanding our domestic and
 international selling and marketing activities and building
 brand awareness through advertising and sponsoring additional
 marketing events. We expect that sales and marketing expenses
 will continue to increase in absolute dollars and remain our
 largest operating expense category. Generally sales personnel
 are not immediately productive and sales and marketing expenses
 do not immediately result in revenues. This reduces short-term
 operating margins until the salesperson becomes more fully
 utilized and revenues can be recognized. At least through
 March 31, 2015, we expect sales and marketing expenses to
 be negatively affected due to customer-related intangible assets
 acquired as part of our acquisitions of other businesses.

We expect research and development expenses to continue to
 increase in absolute dollars as we continue to enhance our
 existing services and to expand our available service offerings.
 We also expect our future research and development expenses to
 increase in absolute dollars due to the incremental salaries,
 benefits and expenses related to the Touch Clarity, Offermatica
 and Visual Sciences acquisitions.

We expect that general and administrative expenses will continue
 to increase in absolute dollars as we add personnel and incur
 additional expenses to support the growth of our business and
 operate as a public company.

We expect stock-based compensation expenses to continue to
 increase in absolute dollars primarily due to the stock awards
 granted during 2007 and stock awards we expect to grant during
 2008. Since the first quarter of 2006, we have recorded
 stock-based compensation expense under the provisions of
 SFAS No. 123R based on the fair value of stock awards
 at the date of grant. The actual amount of stock-based
 compensation expense we record in any

56

Table of Contents 

fiscal period will depend on a number of factors including: the
 number of shares subject to the stock options issued, the fair
 value of our common stock at the time of issuance and the
 volatility of our stock price over time. At December 31,
 2007, there was 52.5 million of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to unvested stock option awards
 granted subsequent to the adoption of SFAS No. 123R
 and 5.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
 related to unvested restricted stock units. These amounts of
 unrecognized compensation cost are equal to the fair value of
 stock option awards and restricted stock units expected to vest
 and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 3.2 years and 1.8 years, respectively.

During 2007, we completed the acquisitions of Instadia, Touch
 Clarity and Offermatica and in the first quarter of 2008 we
 completed the acquisition of Visual Sciences. In the future, as
 part of our overall growth strategy, we expect to acquire other
 businesses, products, services or technologies to complement our
 Omniture online business optimization platform and accelerate
 access to strategic markets.

At December 31, 2007, we had approximately
 82.0 million in net operating loss carryforwards for
 federal income tax purposes, which will begin to expire in 2020,
 and approximately 1.4 million in federal tax credit
 carryforwards, which will begin to expire in 2019. We intend to
 utilize any carryforwards available to us to reduce our future
 tax payments. These carryforwards will be subject to annual
 limitations that result in their expiration before some portion
 of them has been fully utilized. Despite the potential
 availability of these net operating loss carryforwards, we
 expect our income tax expense to increase in absolute dollars,
 primarily due to income taxes in the foreign jurisdictions in
 which we operate and because we will likely be subject to
 alternative minimum tax for federal income tax purposes.

57

Table of Contents 

Results
 of Operations 

The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements
 of operations data as a percentage of total revenues for each of
 the periods indicated.

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Revenues:

Subscription

96

94

92

Professional services and other

4

6

8

Total revenues

100

100

100

Cost of revenues:

Subscription

43

36

32

Professional services and other

5

4

5

Total cost of revenues

48

40

37

Gross profit

52

60

63

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

57

44

43

Research and development

15

11

12

General and administrative

15

15

17

Litigation settlement

6

Total operating expenses

93

70

72

Loss from operations

(41

(10

(9

Interest income

1

2

4

Interest expense

(1

(2

(1

Other expense, net

Loss before provision for income taxes

(41

(10

(6

Provision for income taxes

Net loss

(41

(10

(7

Years
 Ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 

Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2005 vs. 2006 

2006 vs. 2007 

(In thousands) 

Subscription

41,066

74,580

132,010

82

77

Professional services and other

1,738

5,169

11,117

197

115

Total revenues

42,804

79,749

143,127

86

79

Subscription revenues increased 57.4 million from 2006 to
 2007 and 33.5 million from 2005 to 2006, primarily due to
 the growth in the number of customers for our subscription
 services and greater revenues from existing customers as they
 increased the number of transactions from which we captured
 data. Professional services and other revenues increased
 5.9 million from 2006 to 2007 and 3.4 million from
 2005 to 2006, primarily due to the growth in our consulting and
 training services, resulting from an increase in the number of
 customers for our subscription services and additional staffing
 in these areas to support increased customer demand.

58

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth revenues from customers within
 and outside the United States (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Revenues from customers within the United States

38,108

66,468

106,258

Revenues from customers outside the United States. 

4,696

13,281

36,869

Total revenues

42,804

79,749

143,127

Revenues from customers outside the United States as a
 percentage of total revenues

11

17

26

Revenues from customers outside of the United States grew from
 11 of total revenues in 2005 to 17 of total revenues in 2006
 and to 26 of total revenues in 2007, as a result of our ongoing
 efforts to expand the size of our sales force and the number of
 locations outside of the United States where we conduct business
 and our international selling and marketing activities. No
 single foreign country accounted for more than 10 of total
 revenues in 2005, 2006 and 2007.

America Online and certain of its affiliated entities,
 collectively, accounted for 11 of total revenues during 2005
 and 2006. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of total
 revenues during 2005 and 2006 and no customer accounted for more
 than 10 of total revenues during 2007. Our agreement with
 America Online has a one-year term and is renewable annually
 until 2012. Our agreements with the entities affiliated with
 America Online have varying durations of approximately one to
 two years from the date that we entered into these agreements
 and are generally renewable annually.

Cost
 of Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2005 vs. 2006 

2006 vs. 2007 

(In thousands) 

Subscription

18,496

28,827

46,411

56

61

Professional services and other

1,963

2,999

6,953

53

132

Total cost of revenues

20,459

31,826

53,364

56

68

The following table sets forth our cost of revenues as a percent
 of related revenues:

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Subscription

45

39

35

Professional services and other

113

58

63

Cost of subscription revenues increased 17.6 million from
 2006 to 2007, primarily due to a 5.6 million increase in
 employee salaries and benefits and related costs, a
 4.6 million increase in co-location costs associated with
 housing and operating network hardware and a 2.1 million
 increase in depreciation related to additional investment in our
 network infrastructure hardware, all necessary to support a
 larger customer base and increases in the number of transactions
 from which we capture data. The increase was also partially due
 to 2.5 million in amortization of the intangible assets
 acquired in the Instadia, Touch Clarity and Offermatica
 acquisitions and a 1.3 million increase in stock-based
 compensation. Cost of subscription revenues increased
 10.3 million from 2005 to 2006, primarily due to a
 4.6 million increase in depreciation related to purchases
 of network infrastructure equipment, a 4.2 million
 increase in data center costs and a 1.7 million increase
 in employee salaries and benefits and related costs, all
 necessary to support a larger customer base and increases in the
 number of transactions from which we capture data. These
 increases were partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease
 in 2006 expenses related to the patent license with NetRatings.

59

Table of Contents 

Gross margin associated with subscription revenues was 55 in
 2005, 61 in 2006 and 65 in 2007. The increases in gross margin
 for subscription revenues during these periods were primarily
 the result of more efficient utilization of our network
 infrastructure.

Cost of professional services and other revenues increased
 4.0 million from 2006 to 2007 and 1.0 million from
 2005 to 2006, primarily due to increased headcount and related
 costs to meet customer demand for consulting and training
 services.

Gross margin associated with professional services decreased
 from 42 in 2006 to 37 in 2007, primarily due to the hiring of
 professional services personnel to support the continued growth
 in our customer base who were not immediately fully utilized and
 the timing of revenue recognition on professional services
 engagements. Gross margin associated with professional services
 increased from (13 in 2005 to 42 in 2006, primarily due to
 increased productivity of professional services personnel in
 2006, particularly those professional services personnel hired
 during 2005.

Operating
 Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2005 vs. 2006 

2006 vs. 2007 

(In thousands) 

Sales and marketing

24,259

35,227

61,610

45

75

Research and development

6,647

8,732

17,257

31

98

General and administrative

6,220

12,107

24,218

95

100

Litigation settlement

2,604

(100

Total operating expenses

39,730

56,066

103,085

41

84

Sales and
 Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses increased 26.4 million from
 2006 to 2007, primarily due to an 11.3 million increase in
 employee salaries and benefits and related costs, a
 4.0 million increase in commission costs due to increased
 staffing and revenues, a 4.0 million increase in
 stock-based compensation expense, a 2.8 million increase
 in marketing expenses primarily associated with new product
 introductions, our online marketing and annual customer summits
 and a 2.2 million increase in travel-related costs,
 principally resulting from increased staffing.

Sales and marketing expenses increased 11.0 million from
 2005 to 2006, primarily due to a 6.2 million increase in
 employee salaries and benefits and related costs, principally
 resulting from increased staffing. The increase was also due to
 a 4.1 million increase in commission costs primarily due
 to increased revenues and a 0.8 million increase in
 stock-based compensation expense.

Our sales and marketing employee headcount increased in 2005,
 2006 and 2007 primarily because of the hiring of additional
 sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and expanding
 into new geographic regions. We also expanded our sales and
 marketing employee headcount in 2007 due to our acquisitions
 completed during 2007.

Research
 and Development 

Research and development expenses increased 8.5 million
 from 2006 to 2007 primarily due to increases in salaries and
 benefits and related costs of 5.5 million resulting from
 an increase in staffing, including the Instadia and Touch
 Clarity acquisitions and a 2.1 million increase in
 stock-based compensation.

Research and development expenses increased 2.1 million
 from 2005 to 2006, primarily due to a 1.6 million increase
 in salaries and benefits and related costs and a
 0.3 million increase for stock-based compensation.

60

Table of Contents 

General
 and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses increased 12.1 million
 from 2006 to 2007, primarily due to a 4.8 million increase
 in employee salaries and benefits and related costs and a
 0.7 million increase in recruiting expenses, principally
 resulting from increased staffing. The increase was also due to
 a 2.6 million increase in stock-based compensation expense
 and a 1.9 million increase in outside professional
 services costs to support the continued growth of our business,
 including our international expansion.

General and administrative expenses increased 5.9 million
 from 2005 to 2006, primarily due to a 2.2 million increase
 in employee salaries and benefits and related costs, a
 1.3 million increase in stock-based compensation and a
 1.2 million increase in outside professional services
 costs, primarily related to auditing and compliance activities
 required to operate as a public company and legal costs
 associated with patent filings and general corporate matters.

We increased our general and administrative employee headcount
 in 2005, 2006 and 2007 to support the continued growth of our
 business and the requirements of operating as a public company.

Litigation
 Settlement 

In 2007 and 2006, there were no litigation settlement expenses.
 We recognized 2.6 million of litigation settlement
 expenses in 2005 resulting from the settlement and patent
 license agreement with NetRatings, which represents the net
 present value of the amount to be paid to NetRatings that is in
 excess of the estimated fair value of the patents licensed from
 NetRatings.

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

Stock-based compensation expense has been classified as follows
 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations:

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Cost of subscription revenues

41

203

1,502

Cost of professional services and other revenues

6

54

430

Sales and marketing

156

993

4,982

Research and development

243

563

2,615

General and administrative

64

1,345

3,935

Total stock-based compensation

510

3,158

13,464

Stock-based compensation expense increased 10.3 million
 from 2006 to 2007, primarily due to the additional stock-based
 compensation expense under SFAS No. 123R related to
 additional stock option grants.

Stock-based compensation expense increased 2.6 million
 from 2005 to 2006, due to 1.9 million of expense in 2006
 resulting from the adoption of SFAS No. 123R,
 0.5 million related to the full-year amortization in 2006
 of deferred-stock-based compensation related to 2005 stock
 option grants and 0.2 million related to the modification
 and acceleration of the vesting of an employee s stock
 options upon termination of employment.

Interest
 Income, Interest Expense and Other Expense, Net 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Interest income

599

2,117

5,816

Interest expense

(574

(1,285

(835

Other expense, net

(66

(219

(554

61

Table of Contents 

Interest income increased 3.7 million from 2006 to 2007
 and 1.5 million from 2005 to 2006, in both cases primarily
 as a result of an increase in cash, cash equivalent and
 short-term investment balances.

Interest expense decreased 0.5 million from 2006 to 2007,
 primarily due to the reduction of imputed interest expense
 associated with the liability relating to the NetRatings
 settlement. Interest expense increased 0.7 million from
 2005 to 2006, primarily due to 0.5 million of imputed
 interest expense associated with the liability relating to the
 NetRatings settlement and 0.4 million of increased
 interest on notes payable resulting from additional borrowings
 during 2006 under the equipment line of credit, partially offset
 by a 0.2 million decrease in interest expense related to
 capital leases.

Other expense, net increased 0.3 million from 2006 to
 2007, primarily due to a 0.2 million realized loss on the
 foreign currency forward contract entered into in connection
 with the Instadia acquisition. Other expense increased
 0.2 million from 2005 to 2006, primarily due to a
 0.1 million unrealized loss on this same foreign currency
 forward contract.

Provision
 for Income Taxes 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Provision for income taxes

15

195

534

The provision for income taxes increased by 0.3 million
 from 2006 to 2007, primarily due to U.S. federal
 alternative minimum tax incurred in 2007. The provision for
 income taxes increased by 0.2 million from 2005 to 2006,
 primarily due to increased state income taxes.

At December 31, 2007, we had net operating loss
 carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately
 82.0 million and federal research and development tax
 credits of approximately 1.4 million. In the future, we
 intend to utilize any carryforwards available to us to reduce
 our tax payments. These carryforwards will be subject to annual
 limitations that result in their expiration before some portion
 of them has been fully utilized. At December 31, 2007, we
 also had approximately 16.4 million in net operating loss
 carryforwards in the United Kingdom, part or all of which
 may not be available to reduce our future taxable income in the
 United Kingdom should there be a change in the nature or conduct
 of our business in the United Kingdom within the three years
 subsequent to the date of our acquisition of Touch Clarity.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2007, our principal sources of liquidity
 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 77.8 million,
 short-term investments of 56.9 million, accounts
 receivable, net of 52.0 million, amounts available under
 our credit facilities of 17.5 million and our two master
 lease agreements.

During June 2007, we completed a common stock offering of
 8.4 million shares of our common stock and received
 approximately 143.4 million in net proceeds after
 deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of
 8.6 million and before deducting offering expenses of
 1.2 million.

Historically, our primary sources of cash have been customer
 payments for our subscription and professional services,
 proceeds from the issuance of common and convertible preferred
 stock and proceeds from the issuance of notes payable. Our
 principal uses of cash historically have consisted of payroll
 and other operating expenses, payments relating to purchases of
 property and equipment primarily to support the network
 infrastructure needed to provide our services to our customer
 base, repayments of borrowings and acquisitions of businesses
 and intellectual property.

Operating
 Activities 

Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly
 influenced by the amount of cash we invest in personnel and
 infrastructure to support the anticipated future growth in our
 business, increases in the number of customers using our
 subscription and professional services and the amount and timing
 of payments by these customers.

62

Table of Contents 

We generated 18.0 million of net cash from operating
 activities during 2007. This cash was primarily generated from a
 net loss of 9.4 million, adjusted for 33.9 million
 in non-cash depreciation, amortization and stock-based
 compensation expenses, a 16.2 million increase in payments
 received from customers in advance of when we recognized
 revenues, a 2.1 million increase in accounts payable and a
 0.6 million increase in accrued and other liabilities.
 This increase in operating cash was partially offset by a
 23.1 million increase in accounts receivable, net of
 allowances, primarily resulting from the increase in our
 customer base and increased sales to our existing customers,
 along with the timing of payments from these customers and a
 1.6 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets.
 Allowances for accounts receivable increased by
 2.7 million during 2007.

Investing
 Activities 

Historically, our primary investing activities consisted of
 purchases of computer network equipment to accommodate the
 continued growth in customer transactions from which we capture
 data, furniture and equipment to support our operations and
 payments related to the acquisition of businesses and
 intellectual property.

In 2007, we completed the acquisitions of Instadia, Touch
 Clarity and Offermatica and in the first quarter of 2008 we
 completed the acquisition of Visual Sciences, with at least a
 portion of the consideration for each acquisition paid in the
 form of cash. We expect to acquire other businesses, products,
 services or technologies to complement our Omniture online
 business optimization platform and accelerate access to
 strategic markets.

We expect to continue investing in network infrastructure
 equipment as our customer base grows. However, beginning in
 2007, we began leasing a portion of our network equipment
 requirements under operating leases, which will reduce our
 capital expenditures to the extent operating leases are
 utilized. Payments made under these operating lease arrangements
 reduce our income from operations and cash flows from operating
 activities. The extent to which we invest in network
 infrastructure equipment can be affected by the pace at which we
 add new customers, along with the timing and scale of new
 customer implementations. Because we make expenditures for new
 equipment before we receive cash from customers, it may take a
 number of months or longer for us to achieve positive cash flow
 from a customer.

To increase the interest income earned on our excess cash, in
 2007, we began investing a portion of our cash in high-quality
 securities with original maturities of greater than 90 days.

We used 151.6 million of net cash in investing activities
 during 2007. This use of cash primarily resulted from
 144.0 million in purchases of short-term investments,
 78.9 million paid for the acquisitions of Instadia, Touch
 Clarity and Offermatica, net of cash acquired,
 12.0 million to purchase property and equipment and
 4.5 million to purchase intangible assets. This cash used
 in investing activities was partially offset by sales of
 short-term investments of 48.2 million and maturities of
 short-term investments of 40.0 million.

Financing
 Activities 

We generated 143.0 million of net cash from financing
 activities during 2007, primarily from the 142.2 million
 in net proceeds from our June 2007 common stock offering,
 3.6 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options
 and 2.8 million in proceeds from issuance of notes
 payable, partially offset by 6.1 million of principal
 payments on notes payable and capital lease obligations.

Other
 Factors Affecting Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We amended our existing equipment line of credit in 2005, which
 provided for a revolving line of credit of up to
 10.0 million. Interest on the revolving line of credit is
 payable monthly. At December 31, 2007, the outstanding
 principal balance under the revolving line was 0.5 million.

In January 2006, we entered into a second amendment to the
 equipment line of credit agreement. This second amendment
 provided for a second equipment facility of up to
 10.0 million and reduced the total amount available for
 borrowing under the existing revolving line to
 5.0 million. Each draw under the second equipment facility
 has a
 36-month 
 repayment period and accrues interest at a rate based on the
 United States Treasury Bill Rate, plus a factor determined by
 our adjusted quick ratio at the time of that draw.

63

Table of Contents 

In August 2007, we entered into a third amendment to the
 equipment line of credit agreement. This third amendment
 increased the total equipment facility to 20.0 million, of
 which 9.6 million was previously advanced, and increased
 the revolving line of credit to 10.0 million. The first
 3.0 million of borrowings under the revolving line is
 available on a non-formula basis. The increased equipment
 facility can be drawn on through August 17, 2008.
 Borrowings under the revolving line of credit may be made
 through August 15, 2008, at which time all amounts borrowed
 under this line must be repaid. All amounts drawn under the
 revolving line of credit accrue interest at a rate equal to, at
 our option, either: (1) the variable rate equal to the
 lender s prime interest rate or (2) the variable rate
 at which dollar deposits are offered in the London interbank
 market plus 2.75 . All amounts drawn under the equipment
 facility accrue interest at a rate equal to, at our option,
 either: (1) the variable rate equal to the lender s
 prime interest rate, (2) the variable rate at which dollar
 deposits are offered in the London interbank market plus 2.75 ,
 or (3) a fixed rate per annum equal to the lender s
 prime interest rate on the date of the draw. Each draw under the
 2007 amendment has a
 48-month 
 repayment period. This amendment modified or eliminated certain
 covenants in the prior loan amendments. We were in compliance
 with all financial covenants contained in the third amendment to
 the equipment line of credit agreement at December 31,
 2007. At December 31, 2007, we had 6.5 million of net
 borrowings under the second equipment facility that mature at
 various dates in 2009 and 2011, with a weighted-average interest
 rate of 7.86 . At December 31, 2007, the 0.5 million
 outstanding under the revolving line of credit and the
 2.4 million outstanding under the 2007 amendment of the
 equipment facility both accrued interest at a variable rate
 equal to the lender s prime interest rate of 7.25 .

In February 2006, we entered into a settlement and patent
 license agreement with NetRatings. The agreement required us to
 make license payments totaling 14.0 million, all of which
 were paid as of December 31, 2007. In the event that we
 acquire certain specified companies, we may be required to make
 additional license payments based on the Web analytics revenues
 of the acquired company. The agreement also provides that, if we
 acquire other companies, we may elect to make additional license
 payments based on the Web analytics revenues of the acquired
 company to ensure that the acquired company s products,
 services or technology are covered by the license. In connection
 with our acquisitions completed in 2007, we elected to make
 additional license payments totaling 1.7 million, of which
 0.9 million was paid during the first quarter of 2008.

In August 2007, Visual Sciences entered into a settlement and
 patent-license agreement with NetRatings. The agreement required
 Visual Sciences to make license payments of 11.3 million,
 2.0 million of which was paid by Visual Sciences on or
 about the date of the agreement, 4.3 million of which was
 paid by us following the closing of our acquisition of Visual
 Sciences, and the remaining 5.0 million of which must be
 paid by us in quarterly installments beginning on March 31,
 2008.

On October 25, 2005, Visual Sciences, LLC, which is a
 wholly owned subsidiary of Visual Sciences, Inc. entered into a
 settlement and patent license agreement with NetRatings. The
 agreement required Visual Sciences, LLC to make license payments
 of 2.0 million, 1.3 million of which has been paid
 and the remaining 0.7 million of which must be paid on a
 yearly basis calculated based on revenue of Visual Sciences, LLC
 products for each year.

At February 22, 2008, we held approximately
 21.5 million of municipal notes investments with an
 auction reset feature, or auction rate securities, the
 underlying assets of which are generally student loans which are
 substantially backed by the federal government. Auction rate
 securities are generally long-term instruments that provide
 liquidity through a Dutch auction process that resets the
 applicable interest rate at pre-determined calendar intervals,
 allowing holders of these instruments to rollover their holdings
 and continue to own their respective securities or liquidate
 their holdings by selling the auction rate securities at par.
 These auction rate securities are classified as current assets
 in our consolidated financial statements. The recent
 uncertainties in the credit markets have prevented us and other
 investors from liquidating our holdings of auction rate
 securities in recent auctions for these securities because the
 amount of securities submitted for sale has exceeded the amount
 of purchase orders. Through February 22, 2008, auctions
 failed for 15.0 million of our auction rate securities,
 and there is no assurance that previously successful auctions on
 the other auction rate securities in our investment portfolio
 will enable us to liquidate our positions. As a result, our
 ability to liquidate and fully recover the carrying value of our
 investment in the near term may be limited or not exist. All of
 our auction rate securities, including those subject to the
 failure, are currently rated AAA, the highest rating, by a
 rating agency. Until the issuers of our auction rate securities
 are able to successfully close future auctions or if their
 credit ratings deteriorate, we may in the future be required to
 reclassify these securities as non-current or record an
 impairment charge on these investments, and our liquidity would
 be

64

Table of Contents 

adversely affected to the extent that the cash we would
 otherwise receive upon liquidation of the investments would not
 be available for use in the growth of our business and other
 strategic opportunities.

Acquisition
 of Instadia A/S 

In January 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding voting stock
 of Instadia, a provider of enterprise, on-demand Web analytics
 services, based in Copenhagen, Denmark, for a preliminary
 aggregate purchase price of approximately 14.3 million,
 which consisted of (1) total cash consideration of
 approximately 11.4 million, (2) restructuring charges
 of approximately 2.4 million, (3) acquisition-related
 costs and (4) a license payment to NetRatings related to
 the Instadia acquisition of approximately 0.3 million,
 which we elected to make in February 2007 in accordance with the
 terms of the settlement and patent license agreement entered
 into with NetRatings in February 2006. The restructuring charges
 we recorded in conjunction with the acquisition related to
 severance payments and severance-related benefits associated
 with employee terminations and the cost to terminate an existing
 Instadia contractual obligation. These restructuring charges
 were accounted for in accordance with Emerging Issues Task
 Force, or EITF, Issue
 No. 95-3, 
 Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase
 Business Combination . All restructuring charges were paid in
 2007.

Acquisition
 of Touch Clarity Limited 

In March 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding voting stock
 of Touch Clarity, a provider of enterprise on-demand automated
 onsite behavioral targeting and optimization solutions, based in
 London, England. The preliminary aggregate purchase price was
 approximately 61.3 million, which consisted of
 (1) total cash consideration of approximately
 29.5 million, (2) the issuance of approximately
 0.8 million shares of our common stock valued at
 approximately 22.1 million, net of issuance costs,
 (3) the fair value of substituted options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs and (5) a license
 payment to NetRatings related to the Touch Clarity acquisition
 of approximately 0.5 million, which we elected to make in
 April 2007 in accordance with the terms of the settlement and
 patent license agreement entered into with NetRatings, in
 February 2006. The terms of the acquisition also provided for
 the payment of up to 3.0 million in additional
 consideration during the first fiscal quarter of 2008,
 contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones during
 2007. Any contingent consideration paid by us would increase the
 aggregate purchase price and goodwill.

Acquisition
 of Offermatica Corporation 

On December 13, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding
 voting stock of Offermatica, an on-demand provider of A/B and
 multivariate testing solutions that enable companies to define
 and test the structure and other elements of their Web sites.
 The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 60.4 million, which consisted of (1) initial cash
 consideration of approximately 33.6 million, (2) the
 issuance of approximately 1.0 million shares of our common
 stock valued at approximately 24.8 million,
 (3) acquisition-related costs and (4) a license
 payment to NetRatings of approximately 0.9 million related
 to the Offermatica acquisition, which we elected to make in
 January 2008 in accordance with the terms of the settlement and
 patent license agreement entered into with NetRatings in
 February 2006.

Acquisition
 of Visual Sciences, Inc. 

On January 17, 2008, we acquired all of the outstanding
 voting stock of Visual Sciences, a provider of on-demand Web
 analytics applications. Under the terms of the acquisition, each
 outstanding share of Visual Sciences capital stock was converted
 into 0.49 of a share of our common stock and 2.39 in cash. In
 connection with the acquisition, options to purchase Visual
 Sciences common stock outstanding at the time of closing were
 assumed by us and converted into options to purchase shares of
 our common stock, based on an option exchange ratio pursuant to
 the terms of the definitive agreement.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 437.5 million, which consisted of (1) the issuance of
 approximately 10.3 million shares of our common stock upon
 closing of the acquisition, valued at approximately
 354.6 million, net of issuance costs, (2) cash
 consideration of approximately 50.1 million, (3) the
 fair value of assumed Visual Sciences stock options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs, (5) restructuring costs
 of

65

Table of Contents 

approximately 4.3 million and (6) a license payment
 of approximately 2.3 million to NetRatings in accordance
 with the settlement and patent cross-license agreement entered
 into by Visual Sciences with NetRatings in August 2007. We
 accounted for the restructuring charges in accordance with EITF,
 Issue
 No. 95-3. 
 We expect to pay all restructuring charges related to the Visual
 Sciences acquisition by March 31, 2009.

We also issued approximately 0.1 million shares of our
 common stock in exchange for unvested Visual Sciences restricted
 stock awards that remain subject to forfeiture based on the
 original vesting schedule applicable to such awards. We will be
 required to pay up to an additional approximately
 0.5 million in cash consideration as these restricted
 stock awards become vested.

For accounting purposes, we have not yet made a final
 determination of certain components of the Visual Sciences
 purchase price. Accordingly, the aggregate purchase price is
 still preliminary and subject to further adjustment as
 additional information becomes available to us. There can be no
 assurance that the final determination will not result in
 material changes from these preliminary amounts.

Off-balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any special purpose entities and we do not engage
 in off-balance sheet financing arrangements other than operating
 leases for office space and certain computer equipment, which
 are described below.

We have entered into an operating lease related to our principal
 offices in Orem, Utah, with a lease term through March 2011. We
 have also entered into operating leases for certain computer
 equipment and for office space elsewhere in the U.S. and in
 various international locations.

During 2007, we entered into two master lease agreements with
 third-party financing sources. Under one of these leases, we
 acquired equipment with future minimum lease payments totaling
 10.9 million. We accounted for the acquisition of this
 equipment as operating leases, in accordance with
 SFAS No. 13, Accounting for Leases . The rental
 payments and rental terms associated with individual
 acquisitions under the leases may vary depending on the nature
 of the equipment acquired. As a condition of one of these lease
 agreements, we must not allow our cash balance to fall below
 10.0 million as long as this agreement is in force.
 Failure to maintain a minimum of 10.0 million in cash
 would constitute an event of default as defined in the lease
 agreement.

Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments 

Our future contractual obligations at December 31, 2007 are
 as follows (in thousands):

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less Than 1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

Thereafter 

Operating lease obligations

17,796

6,627

10,726

443

Capital lease obligations

460

279

181

Notes payable

7,355

4,407

2,290

658

Interest on notes payable

674

430

218

26

Total contractual obligations

26,285

11,743

13,415

1,127

Our future cash requirements will depend on many factors,
 including the expansion of our sales, support and marketing
 activities, the timing and extent of spending to support
 development efforts and expansion into new territories, the
 extent to which we acquire new businesses and technologies and
 the costs of these acquisitions, the building of infrastructure
 to support our growth, the timing of introduction of new
 services and enhancements to existing services and the continued
 market acceptance of our services.

We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term
 investments, any cash provided from our operations and funds
 available from our existing credit facilities and equipment
 leasing arrangements will be sufficient to meet our currently
 anticipated cash requirements for at least the next
 12 months. Thereafter, we may need to raise additional
 capital to meet the cash flow requirements of our business. An
 element of our growth strategy involves acquisitions. If we make
 additional acquisitions or license products or technologies
 complementary to our business, we may need to raise additional
 funds.

66

Table of Contents 

Additional financing may not be available on terms that are
 favorable to us or at all. If we raise additional capital
 through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities,
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders would be reduced
 and these securities might have rights, preferences and
 privileges senior to those of our current stockholders.

If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt
 securities, such debt financing could involve restrictive
 covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other
 financial and operational matters, which could make it more
 difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue
 future business opportunities, including potential acquisitions.

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
 with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The
 preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
 us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
 amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and
 related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions
 on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical
 experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be
 reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could
 differ from these estimates.

We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with
 revenue recognition, allowances for accounts receivable,
 business combinations and impairment of long-lived and
 intangible assets, including goodwill, stock-based compensation
 and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our
 consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these
 to be our critical accounting policies and estimates.

Revenue
 Recognition 

We provide our applications as services; accordingly, we follow
 the provisions of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin, or SAB,
 No. 104, Revenue Recognition , and EITF Issue
 No. 00-21, 
 Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables. We
 recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are met:

there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement;

the service has been provided to the customer;

the collection of the fees is reasonably assured; and

the amount of fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or
 determinable.

We recognize subscription revenues including implementation and
 set-up fees
 on a monthly basis beginning on the date the customer commences
 use of our services and continuing through the end of the
 contract term. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in
 accounts receivable and in deferred revenues or revenues,
 depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been
 met.

We generally recognize professional services revenues when sold
 with subscription offerings (generally considered to be at the
 time of, or within 45 days of, sale of the subscription
 offering) over the term of the related subscription contract as
 these services are considered to be inseparable from the
 subscription service, and we have not yet established objective
 and reliable evidence of fair value for the undelivered element.
 We recognize revenues resulting from professional services sold
 separately from subscription services as these services are
 performed.

Although our subscription contracts are generally noncancelable,
 a limited number of customers have the right to cancel their
 contracts by providing prior written notice to us of their
 intent to cancel the remainder of the contract term. In the
 event that a customer cancels its contract, it is not entitled
 to a refund for prior services provided to them by us.

Allowances
 for Accounts Receivable 

We record a sales allowance to provide for estimated future
 adjustments to receivables, generally resulting from credits
 issued to customers in conjunction with amendments or renewals
 of subscription service arrangements. We record provisions for
 sales allowances as a reduction to revenues. Specific provisions
 are made based on

67

Table of Contents 

amendments or renewals associated with specific subscription
 service arrangements, which are expected to result in the
 issuance of customer credits. Additionally, provisions are made
 based on actual credits issued as a percentage of our historical
 revenues. We evaluate the estimate of sales allowances on a
 regular basis and adjust the amount reserved accordingly.

We make judgments as to our ability to collect outstanding
 receivables and provide allowances when collection becomes
 doubtful. Specific provisions are made based on an
 account-by-account 
 analysis of collectability. Additionally, we make provisions for
 non-customer-specific accounts based on our historical bad debt
 experience and current economic trends. We record provisions in
 operating expenses. We write off customer accounts receivable
 balances to the allowance for doubtful accounts when it becomes
 likely that we will not collect the receivable from the customer.

Business
 Combinations and Impairment of Long-lived and Intangible Assets,
 Including Goodwill 

When we acquire businesses, we allocate the purchase price to
 tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible
 assets acquired. Any residual purchase price is recorded as
 goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price requires
 management to make significant estimates in determining the fair
 values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially
 with respect to intangible assets. These estimates are based on
 the application of valuation models using historical experience
 and information obtained from the management of the acquired
 companies. These estimates can include, but are not limited to,
 the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the
 future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital and the
 cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset.
 These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. In
 addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which
 may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates.

Periodically we assess potential impairment of our long-lived
 assets, which include property, equipment and acquired
 intangible assets, in accordance with the provisions of
 SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment and
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. We perform an impairment
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors we consider
 important which could trigger an impairment review include, but
 are not limited to, significant under-performance relative to
 historical or projected future operating results, significant
 changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or our
 overall business strategy and significant industry or economic
 trends. When we determine that the carrying value of a
 long-lived asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence
 of one or more of the above indicators, we determine the
 recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to
 net future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to
 generate. We recognize an impairment charge equal to the amount
 by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of
 the asset.

We recorded goodwill in conjunction with the Instadia, Touch
 Clarity and Offermatica acquisitions. We test goodwill for
 impairment at least annually, in accordance with
 SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 based on a single operating segment.

We amortize intangible assets on a straight-line basis over
 their estimated useful lives. We generally determine the
 estimated useful life of intangible assets based on the
 projected undiscounted cash flows associated with these
 intangible assets.

Stock-based
 Compensation 

Prior to January 1, 2006, we accounted for employee stock
 options using the intrinsic-value method in accordance with the
 provisions of Accounting Principles Board, or APB, Opinion
 No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees ,
 Financial Accounting Standards Board or FASB Interpretation
 No. 44, Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving
 Stock Compensation, an Interpretation of APB Opinion
 No. 25 , and related interpretations, and we complied
 with the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, and
 SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation Transition and Disclosure . During
 2005, we recorded deferred stock-based compensation of
 3.8 million, representing the amount by which the deemed
 fair value of our common stock exceeded the exercise price of
 employee stock options on the date of grant, for options granted
 during 2005. We are amortizing this deferred stock-based
 employee compensation over the period in which the

68

Table of Contents 

options vest, which is generally four years. We recorded
 stock-based compensation expense related to this amortization of
 0.5 million, 1.0 million and 1.0 million
 during 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively.

We adopted SFAS No. 123R effective January 1,
 2006, which requires us to measure the cost of employee services
 received in exchange for an award of equity instruments, based
 on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. That cost
 must be recognized over the period during which the employee is
 required to provide services in exchange for the award. We
 adopted SFAS No. 123R using the prospective method,
 which requires us to apply its provisions only to awards
 granted, modified, repurchased or cancelled after the effective
 date.

We use a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to estimate
 the fair value of our stock option awards. The calculation of
 the fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton
 option-pricing model is affected by our stock price on the date
 of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:

Estimated volatility is a measure of the amount by which our
 stock price is expected to fluctuate each year during the
 expected life of the award. Our estimated volatility is an
 average of the historical volatility of peer entities whose
 stock prices were publicly available. Our calculation of
 estimated volatility is based on historical stock prices of
 these peer entities over a period equal to the expected life of
 the awards. We use the historical volatility of peer entities
 due to the lack of sufficient historical data of our stock price
 since our initial public offering in 2006. Our estimated
 volatility may increase or decrease depending on the changes in
 our peer entities historical stock prices, changes in the
 composition of the peer entity group and changes to the expected
 term of our stock option awards. An increase in the estimated
 volatility would result in an increase to our stock-based
 compensation expense.

The expected term represents the period of time that awards
 granted are expected to be outstanding and is currently
 calculated as the average of the contractual term and the
 vesting period. With the passage of time, actual behavioral
 patterns surrounding the expected term will replace the current
 methodology. An increase in the expected term would result in an
 increase to our stock-based compensation expense.

The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield curve of a
 zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond on the date the stock option
 award is granted with a maturity equal to the expected term of
 the stock option award. An increase in the risk-free interest
 rate would result in an increase to our stock-based compensation
 expense.

At December 31, 2007, there was 52.5 million of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option
 awards granted subsequent to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123R and 5.1 million of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted
 stock units. These amounts of unrecognized compensation cost are
 equal to the fair value of stock option awards and restricted
 stock units expected to vest and will be recognized over a
 weighted-average period of 3.2 years and 1.8 years,
 respectively.

Since January 1, 2006, our stock-based compensation has
 been based on the balance of deferred stock-based compensation
 for unvested awards at January 1, 2006, using the intrinsic
 value as previously recorded under APB Opinion No. 25, and
 the fair value of the awards on the date of grant for awards
 granted on or after January 1, 2006. The adoption of
 SFAS No. 123R has resulted, and will continue to
 result, in higher amounts of stock-based compensation for awards
 granted on or after January 1, 2006 than would have been
 recorded if we had continued to apply the provisions of APB
 Opinion No. 25.

Income
 Taxes 

In July, 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes An
 Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 , or
 FIN 48. FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for
 uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity s
 financial statements in accordance with SFAS No. 109,
 Accounting for Income Taxes, and prescribes a recognition
 threshold and measurement attributes for financial statement
 disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a
 tax return. Under FIN 48, the impact of an uncertain income
 tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the
 largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon
 audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax
 position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 
 likelihood of being sustained. Additionally, FIN 48
 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest
 and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and
 transition.

69

Table of Contents 

Our adoption of the provisions of FIN 48 on January 1,
 2007 did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
 We adopted the accounting policy that interest recognized in
 accordance with Paragraph 15 of FIN 48 and penalties
 recognized in accordance with Paragraph 16 of FIN 48
 are classified as a component of interest expense. We have not
 incurred a material amount of interest or penalties through
 December 31, 2007. We do not anticipate any significant
 change within 12 months of this reporting date of our
 uncertain tax positions. We also do not anticipate any events
 which could cause a change to these uncertainties. We are
 subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state and foreign
 jurisdictions. There are no ongoing examinations by taxing
 authorities at this time. Our various tax years starting with
 2003 to 2007 remain open in various taxing jurisdictions.

Our effective tax rates are primarily affected by the amount of
 our taxable income or losses in the various taxing jurisdictions
 in which we operate, the amount of federal and state net
 operating losses and tax credits, the extent to which we can
 utilize these net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits
 and certain benefits related to stock option activity.

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements. SFAS No. 157
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. The changes to
 current practice resulting from the application of this
 statement relate to the definition of fair value, the methods
 used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures about
 fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is effective for
 us beginning in the first fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2008. We
 do not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 157 to have a
 material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The
 Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities . SFAS No. 159 permits companies to
 choose to measure certain financial instruments and certain
 other items at fair value. The standard requires that unrealized
 gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has
 been elected be reported in earnings. SFAS No. 159 is
 effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year
 2008. We do not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 159 to
 have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141R,
 Business Combinations . SFAS No. 141R requires
 an acquirer to measure the identifiable assets acquired, the
 liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the
 acquiree at their fair values on the acquisition date, with
 goodwill being the excess value over the net identifiable assets
 acquired. SFAS No. 141R is effective for financial
 statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 December 15, 2008. Early adoption is prohibited. We expect
 the adoption of SFAS No. 141R to have a material
 impact on our consolidated financial statements if and when we
 complete a business acquisition on or after adoption of this
 statement.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
 Statements . SFAS No. 160 clarifies that a
 noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary should be reported as
 equity in the consolidated financial statements. The calculation
 of earnings per share will continue to be based on income
 amounts attributable to the parent. SFAS No. 160 is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2008. Early adoption is
 prohibited. We do not expect the adoption of
 SFAS No. 160 to have a material impact on our
 consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Foreign
 Currency Exchange Risk 

Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to
 fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
 particularly changes in the Australian dollar, British pound,
 Canadian dollar, Danish krone, EU euro, Japanese yen and Swedish
 krona.

Because the cash consideration associated with the acquisition
 of Instadia was denominated in Danish krone, we entered into a
 foreign currency forward exchange contract with a financial
 institution to protect against currency exchange risk associated
 with this transaction. This forward contract was not designated
 as an accounting hedge under SFAS No. 133,
 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.
 Upon the settlement of this

70

Table of Contents 

foreign currency forward exchange contract in January 2007, we
 recognized a realized loss of 0.3 million in our
 consolidated statement of operations, of which 0.1 million
 was recognized as a loss in the year ended December 31,
 2006 and the remaining 0.2 million was recognized in 2007.

As our international operations continue to grow, we may choose
 to increase our use of foreign currency forward contracts, and
 we may choose to use option contracts to manage currency
 exposures.

Interest
 Rate Sensitivity 

We had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents totaling
 77.8 million and short-term investments totaling
 56.9 million at December 31, 2007. The cash and cash
 equivalents were invested primarily in money market funds and
 high-quality commercial paper with original maturities of less
 than 90 days. Of these short-term investments,
 42.0 million were invested in auction rate securities with
 the balance primarily in high-quality commercial paper and
 government agency securities with original maturities greater
 than 90 days. The unrestricted cash and cash equivalents
 and short-term investments are held for general corporate
 purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or
 speculative purposes. Due to the short-term nature of these
 investments, we believe that we do not have any material
 exposure to changes in the fair value of our investment
 portfolio as a result of changes in interest rates. Declines in
 interest rates, however, will reduce future investment income,
 if any.

ITEM 8. 

Financial
 Statement and Supplementary Data 

The response to this item is submitted as a separate section of
 this
 Form 10-K 
 beginning on
 page F-1. 

ITEM 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

None.

ITEM 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

(a) 

Evaluation
 of disclosure controls and procedures 

Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief
 Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the
 effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such
 term is defined in
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 or 15d-15(e) 
 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 or the Evaluation Date. Based on this evaluation, our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of
 the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures
 were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the
 information required to be disclosed by us in periodic SEC
 reports is accumulated and communicated to our management,
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
 required disclosure, and that such information is recorded,
 processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
 specified in SEC rules and forms.

(b) 

Management s
 Report on Internal Control over Financial
 Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
 is defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f). 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2007 based on the guidelines established
 in Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO). Our internal control over financial
 reporting includes policies and procedures that provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external reporting purposes in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Based on
 that evaluation, management believes that our internal control
 over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2007.

Our management s evaluation excluded Offermatica, which we
 acquired on December 13, 2007. At December 31, 2007,
 Offermatica had 4.3 million and 1.7 million of total
 assets and net assets, respectively. For the year ended
 December 31, 2007, our statement of operations included
 total revenues related to Offermatica of

71

Table of Contents 

0.5 million. In accordance with guidance issued by the
 SEC, companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their
 assessment of internal controls over financial reporting during
 the first year subsequent to the acquisition while integrating
 the acquired operations.

Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public
 accounting firm which audits our consolidated financial
 statements, has issued the following attestation report on the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Omniture, Inc. 

We have audited Omniture, Inc. s internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria).
 Omniture, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining
 effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
 assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting included in the accompanying
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
 Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 company s internal control over financial reporting based
 on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
 considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
 audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s
 assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal
 control over financial reporting did not include the internal
 controls of Offermatica Corporation, which is included in the
 2007 consolidated financial statements of Omniture, Inc. and
 represented 4.3 million and 1.7 million of total
 assets and net assets, respectively, as of December 31,
 2007 and 0.5 million of revenues for the year then ended.
 Offermatica Corporation was acquired by Omniture, Inc. during
 2007. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of
 Omniture, Inc. also did not include an evaluation of the
 internal control over financial reporting of Offermatica
 Corporation.

In our opinion, Omniture, Inc. maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of December 31, 2007, based on the COSO criteria.

72

Table of Contents 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of Omniture, Inc. as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, convertible preferred stock and
 stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of
 the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, and
 our report dated February 25, 2008 expressed an unqualified
 opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst 
 Young LLP 

Salt Lake City, Utah

February 25, 2008

(c) 

Changes
 in internal control over financial reporting 

Since the beginning of 2006, we have invested significant
 resources to assess our system of internal controls. As part of
 this assessment we identified areas of our internal controls
 requiring improvement, and have designed and implemented
 enhanced processes and controls to address issues identified
 through this assessment. Areas for improvement included
 streamlining our billing and collection processes, further
 limiting internal access to certain data systems, enhancing the
 review and approval of company expenditures and continuing to
 improve coordination across the various business functions in
 our company.

(d) 

Inherent
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or
 our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all
 errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
 conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
 absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
 are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
 the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
 of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
 of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
 evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
 control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the
 Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
 the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty,
 and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or
 mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the
 individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
 people or by management override of the controls. The design of
 any system of controls also is based in part upon certain
 assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
 be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
 stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time,
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
 or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a
 cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or
 fraud may occur and not be detected.

ITEM 9B. 

Other
 Information 

On January 8, 2008, we entered into an office lease with
 Brannan Propco, LLC, which expires in 2013, pursuant to which we
 lease 35,000 square feet of office space in
 San Francisco, California for sales, development and
 professional services personnel. This description is only a
 summary, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
 entirety by reference to the full text of the lease, which is
 attached hereto as Exhibit 10.19 and is incorporated herein
 by reference

John R. Pestana stepped down as Chairman of our Board of
 Directors, effective as of February 27, 2008.
 Mr. Pestana will continue to serve as a member of the Board
 of Directors. Our Board of Directors appointed D. Fraser
 Bullock, a current member of our Board of Directors, as the new
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, effective as of
 February 27, 2008.

73

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by Item 10 of
 Form 10-K 
 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2008
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2007. Certain information required by this
 item concerning our executive officers and directors is set
 forth in Part I of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 in Business Executive Officers and
 Directors. 

ITEM 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The information required by Item 11 of
 Form 10-K 
 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2008
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2007.

ITEM 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by Item 12 of
 Form 10-K 
 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2008
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2007.

ITEM 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

The information required by Item 13 of
 Form 10-K 
 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2008
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2007.

ITEM 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by Item 14 of
 Form 10-K 
 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2008
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2007.

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K: 

1. All Financial Statements :

The following financial statements are filed as part of this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 beginning on
 page F-1: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm;

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and
 2007;

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007;

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and
 Stockholder s (Deficit) Equity for the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007;

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007;

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2. Financial Statement Schedules :

All other schedules are omitted as the required information is
 either inapplicable or it is presented in the consolidated
 financial statements and notes thereto.

74

Table of Contents 

3. Exhibits :

The exhibits required by Item 601 of
 Regulation S-K 
 are listed in paragraph (b) below.

(b) Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by
 reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC:

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Filing Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

2

.1

Share Purchase Agreement, by and among Registrant, the
 Shareholders of Touch Clarity Limited, Paul Phillips, Helen
 Protopapas and Tim Brown, as the Warrantors, and Alta Berkeley
 LLP and Yehoshua Ennis collectively as the Shareholder
 Representative, dated February 14, 2007

8-K

000-52076

2

.1

February 20, 2007

2

.2

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Registrant,
 San Francisco Acquisition Corp., Offermatica Corporation,
 Henry Baker, as the Stockholder Representative and U.S. Bank
 National Association, as Escrow Agent, dated September 7,
 2007

8-K

000-52076

2

.1

September 12, 2007

2

.3

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Registrant,
 Voyager Acquisition Corp and Visual Sciences, Inc., dated
 October 25, 2007

10-Q

000-52076

2

.3

November 9, 2007

2

.4

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 1, 2006
 by and among WebSideStory, Inc., VS Acquisition, LLC, Visual
 Sciences, LLC and Ned Scherer, as the Member Representative

X

3

.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant
 currently in effect

10-Q

000-52076

3

.1

August 11, 2006

3

.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant currently in effect

8-K

000-52076

3

.1

November 13, 2007

4

.1

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Registrant

S-1

333-132987

4

.1

June 22, 2006

4

.2

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement between
 Registrant and certain Holders of Registrant s Common Stock
 Named therein, dated April 26, 2006

S-1

333-132987

4

.2

June 9, 2006

4

.3A

Silicon Valley Bank Second Amended and Restated Loan and
 Security Agreement, dated January 10, 2006

S-1

333-132987

4

.3

May 24, 2006

4

.3B

Silicon Valley Bank Second Amendment to Second Amended and
 Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 14, 2007

10-Q

000-52076

10

.1

May 15, 2007

75

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Filing Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

4

.3C

Silicon Valley Bank Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security
 Agreement, dated August 17, 2007

8-K

000-52076

10

.1

August 21, 2007

4

.4

Registration Rights Agreement by and among Registrant and
 certain Shareholders of Touch Clarity Ltd., dated
 February 14, 2007

8-K

000-52076

4

.1

February 20, 2007

10

.1 

Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between
 Registrant and its Directors and Officers

S-1

333-132987

10

.1

May 24, 2006

10

.2A 

1999 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant, as amended

S-1

333-132987

10

.2A

April 4, 2006

10

.2B 

Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Equity Incentive
 Plan

S-1

333-132987

10

.2B

April 4, 2006

10

.2C 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Equity Incentive
 Plan used for Named Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors

S-1

333-132987

10

.2C

June 9, 2006

10

.3A 

2006 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

10-K

000-52076

10

.3A

March 23, 2007

10

.3B 

Forms of Stock Option Award Agreement used under the 2006 Equity
 Incentive Plan

10-K

000-52076

10

.3B

March 23, 2007

10

.3C 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement and related forms
 under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors

10-Q

000-52076

10

.3

May 15, 2007

10

.3D 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used under the
 2006 Equity Incentive Plan

10-Q

000-52076

10

.3D

November 9, 2007

10

.3E 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Non-U.S. 
 Participants used under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan

X

10

.4A 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan of the Registrant

S-1

333-132987

10

.4A

April 4, 2006

10

.4B 

Form of Subscription Agreement under Employee Stock Purchase Plan

S-1

333-132987

10

.4B

April 4, 2006

10

.5

WebSideStory, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive
 Plan

X

10

.6

WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan and Form of
 Option Grant Agreement

X

10

.6A

Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock
 Award Agreement under WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive
 Award Plan

X

10

.7

Avivo Corporation 1999 Equity Incentive Plan and Form of Option
 Grant Agreement

X

76

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Filing Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.8

WebSideStory, Inc. 2006 Employment Commencement Equity Incentive
 Award Plan and Form of Option Grant Agreement

X

10

.9A

2007 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.9

February 1, 2008

10

.9B

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2007 Equity Incentive
 Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.10

February 1, 2008

10

.9C

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2007 Equity
 Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.11

February 1, 2008

10

.10A

2008 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.12

February 1, 2008

10

.10B

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.13

February 1, 2008

10

.10C

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2008
 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.14

February 1, 2008

10

.11

The Touch Clarity Limited Enterprise Management Incentives Share
 Option Plan 2002

S-8

333-141352

99

.5

March 16, 2007

10

.12

Forms of Agreements under The Touch Clarity Limited Enterprise
 Management Incentives Share Option Plan 2002

S-8

333-141352

99

.6

March 16, 2007

10

.13

Touch Clarity Limited 2006 U.S. Stock Plan

S-8

333-141352

99

.7

March 16, 2007

10

.14

Form of Stock Option Agreement under Touch Clarity Limited 2006
 U.S. Stock Plan

S-8

333-141352

99

.8

March 16, 2007

10

.15 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Registrant and
 Joshua G. James

S-1

333-132987

10

.5

June 22, 2006

10

.16 

Separation Agreement entered into between Registrant and
 John R. Pestana

10-Q

000-52076

10

.3

May 15, 2007

10

.17 

Offer Letter with Michael S. Herring, dated October 20, 2004

S-1

333-132987

10

.7

April 4, 2006

10

.18A

Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park Technology Center Office
 Building Lease Agreement between the Registrant and TCU
 Properties I, LLC

S-1

333-132987

10

.8A

April 4, 2006

10

.18B

First Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated May 6, 2004

S-1

333-132987

10

.8B

April 4, 2006

77

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Filing Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.18C

Second Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated
 December 8, 2004

S-1

333-132987

10

.8C

April 4, 2006

10

.18D

Third Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated April 30,
 2005

S-1

333-132987

10

.8D

April 4, 2006

10

.18E

Fourth Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated May 31,
 2005

S-1

333-132987

10

.8D

April 4, 2006

10

.18F

Fifth Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated
 January 25, 2006

S-1

333-132987

10

.8F

April 4, 2006

10

.18G

Sixth Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU-Canyon Park, LLC, successor in interest to
 TCU Properties I, LLC, dated January 11, 2008

X

10

.18H

Seventh Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU-Canyon Park, LLC, successor in interest to
 TCU Properties I, LLC, dated January 11, 2008

X

10

.19

Office Lease between Brannan Propco, LLC and Registrant, dated
 January 8, 2008

X

10

.20 

Settlement and Patent License Agreement by and between
 NetRatings, Inc. and Registrant, dated February 28, 2006

S-1

333-132987

10

.9

April 4, 2006

10

.21

NetObjects, Inc. Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated March 26,
 2002

S-1

333-132987

10

.10

May 8, 2006

10

.22 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Joshua G.
 James

S-1

333-132987

10

.12

June 22, 2006

78

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Filing Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.23 

Form of Change of Control Agreement entered into between
 Registrant and each of Brett M. Error and Christopher C.
 Harrington and John Mellor

S-1

333-132987

10

.14

June 22, 2006

10

.24 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Michael S.
 Herring

S-1

333-132987

10

.15

June 22, 2006

10

.25

Master Finance Lease and Lease Covenant Agreement by and between
 the Registrant and Zions Credit Corporation, dated March 2,
 2007

8-K

000-52076

10

.1

March 7, 2007

10

.26 

Settlement and Patent Cross-License Agreement dated as of
 August 17, 2007 by and between Visual Sciences, Inc.
 (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.) and NetRatings, Inc. 

X

10

.27 

Patent Cross-License Agreement dated December 12, 2003 by
 and between WebSideStory, Inc. and NetIQ Corporation

X

10

.28A

Office Lease dated as of August 23, 1999 by and between
 WebSideStory, Inc. and LNR Seaview, Inc. 

X

10

.28B

First Amendment to Office Lease dated as of July 3, 2001 by
 and between WebSideStory, Inc. and LNR Seaview, Inc. 

X

10

.28C

Second Amendment to Office Lease dated as of December 7,
 2005 by and between WebSideStory, Inc. and Seaview PFG, LLC (as
 assignee of LNR Seaview, Inc.)

X

10

.29A

Sublease dated as of July 3, 2001 by and between
 WebSideStory, Inc. and RF Magic, Inc. 

X

10

.29B

Amendment of Sublease dated as of September 10, 2003 by and
 between WebSideStory, Inc. and RF Magic, Inc. 

X

10

.29C

Second Amendment of Sublease dated as of June 14, 2006 by
 and between WebSideStory, Inc. and RF Magic, Inc. 

X

10

.29D

Third Amendment and Assignment of Sublease dated as of
 October 8, 2007 by and among Visual Sciences, Inc.,
 (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.), RF Magic, Inc. and
 Entropic Communications, Inc. 

X

21

.1

List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant

X

23

.1

Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

X

79

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Filing Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

24

.1

Power of Attorney (set forth on the signature page to this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K) 

X

31

.1

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer

X

31

.2

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer

X

32

.1

Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer

X

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract
 or arrangement in which any director or named executive officer
 of the Registrant participates. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission has granted confidential
 treatment with respect to portions of this exhibit. A complete
 copy of this exhibit has been filed separately with the
 Commission. 

80

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

OMNITURE, INC.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Joshua
 G. James 

Joshua G. James

President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: February 28, 2008

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person
 whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
 Joshua G. James, Michael S. Herring and Shawn J. Lindquist, and
 each of them, as
 his/her true
 and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of
 substitution, for him/her in any and all capacities, to sign any
 and all amendments to this annual report on
 Form 10-K, 
 and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other
 documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission, granting unto each said attorney-in-fact
 and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and
 every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
 connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as
 he/she might
 or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that
 said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully
 do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates
 indicated.

Name and Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Joshua
 G. James 

Joshua
 G. James

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal
 Executive Officer)

February 28, 2008

/s/ Michael
 S. Herring 

Michael
 S. Herring

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer)

February 28, 2008

/s/ D.
 Fraser Bullock 

D.
 Fraser Bullock

Director

February 28, 2008

/s/ Gregory
 S. Butterfield 

Gregory
 S. Butterfield

Director

February 28, 2008

/s/ Dana
 L. Evan 

Dana
 L. Evan

Director

February 28, 2008

/s/ Mark
 P. Gorenberg 

Mark
 P. Gorenberg

Director

February 28, 2008

/s/ Rory
 T. O Driscoll 

Rory
 T. O Driscoll

Director

February 28, 2008

/s/ John
 R. Pestana 

John
 R. Pestana

Director

February 28, 2008

81

INDEX TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of
 Operations 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of
 Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit)
 Equity 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows 

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

F-7

F-1

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders

Omniture, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Omniture, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2007, and the
 related consolidated statements of operations, convertible
 preferred stock and stockholders (deficit) equity, and
 cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the
 responsibility of the Company s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
 financial position of Omniture, Inc. at December 31, 2006
 and 2007, and the consolidated results of its operations and its
 cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
 statements, in 2006, Omniture, Inc. changed its method of
 accounting for share-based payments in accordance with the
 guidance provided in Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards, No. 123(R), Share-Based
 Payment. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 effectiveness of Omniture, Inc. s internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
 February 25, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst 
 Young LLP 

Salt Lake City, Utah

February 25, 2008

F-2

Table of Contents 

OMNITURE,
 INC. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except share and per share
 data) 

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Assets: 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

68,287

77,765

Short-term investments

56,924

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of 2,039 and 4,730 at
 December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively

24,126

51,971

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

1,571

3,663

Total current assets

93,984

190,323

Property and equipment, net

31,128

31,214

Intangible assets, net

9,796

50,769

Goodwill

94,960

Other assets

302

3,457

Total assets

135,210

370,723

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

2,586

6,470

Accrued liabilities

11,435

17,126

Current portion of deferred revenues

21,885

42,041

Current portion of notes payable

5,997

4,407

Current portion of capital lease obligations

53

246

Total current liabilities

41,956

70,290

Deferred revenues, less current portion

2,170

1,815

Notes payable, less current portion

4,117

2,948

Capital lease obligations, less current portion

24

173

Other liabilities

518

4,422

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares
 authorized; no shares issued and outstanding

Common stock, 0.001 par value; 250,000,000 shares
 authorized at December 31, 2006 and 2007; 47,385,901 and
 60,636,685 shares issued and outstanding at
 December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively

47

61

Additional paid-in capital

127,380

340,424

Deferred stock-based compensation

(2,172

(1,182

Accumulated other comprehensive income

9

40

Accumulated deficit

(38,839

(48,268

Total stockholders equity

86,425

291,075

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

135,210

370,723

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
 statements. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

OMNITURE,
 INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Revenues:

Subscription

41,066

74,580

132,010

Professional services and other

1,738

5,169

11,117

Total revenues

42,804

79,749

143,127

Cost of revenues:

Subscription

18,496

28,827

46,411

Professional services and other

1,963

2,999

6,953

Total cost of revenues

20,459

31,826

53,364

Gross profit

22,345

47,923

89,763

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

24,259

35,227

61,610

Research and development

6,647

8,732

17,257

General and administrative

6,220

12,107

24,218

Litigation settlement

2,604

Total operating expenses

39,730

56,066

103,085

Loss from operations

(17,385

(8,143

(13,322

Interest income

599

2,117

5,816

Interest expense

(574

(1,285

(835

Other expense, net

(66

(219

(554

Loss before provision for income taxes

(17,426

(7,530

(8,895

Provision for income taxes

15

195

534

Net loss

(17,441

(7,725

(9,429

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

(1.27

(0.25

(0.18

Weighted-average number of shares, basic and diluted

13,694

30,332

53,710

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
 statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

OMNITURE, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible
 Preferred Stock and Stockholders 

(Deficit) Equity 

(In thousands, except share data) 

Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Accumulated 

Convertible 

Additional 

Deferred 

Other 

Total 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Stock-Based 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Compensation 

Income 

Deficit 

Loss 

(Deficit) Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2005

13,932,762

22,770

13,312,021

13

247

(13,673

(13,673

(13,413

Deferred compensation related to issuance of stock options, net
 of forfeitures

3,780

(3,780

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation

510

510

Exercise of stock options

419,364

1

55

56

Vesting of common shares subject to repurchase

187,500

22

22

Issuance of
 Series C-1 
 convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 248

7,740,834

39,752

Revaluation and cancellation of convertible preferred stock
 warrants (166,708 shares)

(640

Net loss

(17,441

(17,441

(17,441

Balance at December 31, 2005

21,673,596

61,882

13,918,885

14

4,104

(3,270

(31,114

(31,114

(30,266

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation, net of
 forfeitures

(114

1,098

984

Exercise of stock options

982,006

1

132

133

Vesting of common shares subject to repurchase

363,373

44

44

Stock-based compensation

1,948

1,948

Accelerated vesting of employee stock options

224

224

Issuance of common stock in exchange for services

250

2

2

Revaluation and cancellation of convertible preferred stock
 warrants (134,939 shares)

(44

Exercise of
 Series B-2 
 convertible preferred stock warrants

142,791

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs

10,305,000

10

59,224

59,234

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common

(21,816,387

(61,838

21,816,387

22

61,816

61,838

Foreign currency translation adjustment

9

9

9

Comprehensive loss:

Net loss

(7,725

(7,725

(7,725

Comprehensive loss

(7,716

Balance at December 31, 2006

47,385,901

47

127,380

(2,172

9

(38,839

(38,830

86,425

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation, net of
 forfeitures

(38

990

952

Exercise of stock options

2,261,130

2

3,596

3,598

Vesting of common shares subject to repurchase

703,029

1

85

86

Stock-based compensation

12,512

12,512

Purchases under employee stock purchase plan

11,014

194

194

Exercise of common stock warrants

41,671

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs

8,376,250

9

142,224

142,233

Issuance of common stock to former Touch Clarity shareholders,
 net of issuance costs

836,609

1

22,085

22,086

Issuance of common stock to former Offermatica shareholders

1,021,081

1

24,770

24,771

Estimated fair value of stock options substituted in connection
 with the acquisition of Touch Clarity

7,322

7,322

Income tax benefit of stock option exercises

294

294

Foreign currency translation adjustment

40

40

40

Unrealized loss on available for sale securities

(9

(9

(9

Comprehensive loss:

Net loss

(9,429

(9,429

(9,429

Comprehensive loss

(9,398

Balance at December 31, 2007

60,636,685

61

340,424

(1,182

40

(48,268

(48,228

291,075

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
 statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

OMNITURE,
 INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands, except share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss

(17,441

(7,725

(9,429

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided
 by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

6,377

13,032

20,386

Stock-based compensation

510

3,158

13,464

Loss on foreign currency forward contract

243

Loss on disposal of property and equipment

5

16

Amortization of premiums and discounts on short-term investments

(962

Patent license and litigation settlement costs

4,514

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable, net

(6,444

(11,801

(23,121

Prepaid expenses and other assets

60

(1,010

(1,599

Accounts payable

(101

(1,495

2,145

Accrued and other liabilities

2,047

(1,228

617

Deferred revenues

5,684

10,804

16,245

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

(4,789

3,735

18,005

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of short-term investments

(144,019

Proceeds from sales of short-term investments

48,150

Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments

40,000

Purchases of property and equipment

(18,852

(14,934

(11,975

Purchases of intangible assets

(6,380

(4,545

Payment related to loss on foreign currency forward contract

(337

Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired

(78,882

Net cash used in investing activities

(18,852

(21,314

(151,608

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

194

237

3,606

Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of
 issuance costs

39,752

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan

194

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs

59,234

142,233

Income tax benefit of stock option exercises

294

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable

500

9,608

2,761

Principal payments on notes payable and capital lease obligations

(3,536

(5,409

(6,129

Net cash provided by financing activities

36,910

63,670

142,959

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

122

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

13,269

46,091

9,478

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

8,927

22,196

68,287

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

22,196

68,287

77,765

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing
 activities: 

Issuance of common stock and stock options for business
 acquisitions

54,337

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common

61,838

Assets acquired under capital leases

152

Revaluation and cancellation of convertible preferred stock
 warrants (166,708 and 134,939 shares in the years ended
 December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively)

640

44

Vesting of common shares subject to repurchase

22

44

86

Acquisition of patent licenses

8,800

Unpaid acquisition related expenses for Offermatica and Visual
 Sciences

1,798

Unrealized gain on short-term investments

(11

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
 statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

Description
 of Business and Basis of Presentation 

Description
 of Business 

Omniture, Inc. (the Company was incorporated in
 Delaware in August 1999, and has its principal offices located
 in Orem, Utah. The Company began providing its enterprise
 on-demand online business optimization services in February
 2001. The Company is a leading provider of online business
 optimization services, which customers use to manage and enhance
 online, offline and multi-channel business initiatives. The
 Company s online business optimization platform, which is
 hosted and delivered to customers on-demand, consists of
 Omniture SiteCatalyst, the Company s flagship service,
 Omniture DataWarehouse, Omniture Discover OnDemand, Omniture
 Genesis, Omniture SearchCenter, Omniture Test Target,
 Omniture SiteSearch and Omniture Publish services and Omniture
 Discover OnPremise software.

Principles
 of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
 the consolidated financial statements.

Acquisitions 

As discussed in Note 2, the Company acquired Instadia A/S
 Instadia ), Touch Clarity Limited Touch
 Clarity and Offermatica Corporation
 Offermatica during the year ended
 December 31, 2007. The consolidated financial statements
 include each of the acquired company s results of
 operations since its respective date of acquisition.

Segments 

The Company operates in one business segment.

Use of
 Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
 management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
 amounts reported in the Company s consolidated financial
 statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates made by
 management include the determination of the fair value of stock
 awards issued, allowances for accounts receivable and the
 assessment for impairment of long-lived assets. The Company also
 uses estimates in determining the remaining economic lives and
 fair values of purchased intangible assets and property and
 equipment related to business acquisitions.

Common
 Stock Offerings 

In July 2006, the Company completed its initial public offering
 IPO of common stock in which the Company sold and
 issued 10,305,000 shares of its common stock, including
 1,605,000 shares sold by the Company pursuant to the
 underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option,
 at an issuance price of 6.50 per share. As a result of the IPO,
 the Company raised a total of 66,983,000 in gross proceeds from
 the IPO, or approximately 59,234,000 in net proceeds after
 deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering
 expenses. Upon the initial closing of the IPO, all shares of
 convertible preferred stock outstanding automatically converted
 into 21,816,387 shares of common stock.

In June 2007, the Company completed a common stock offering (the
 June 2007 Offering in which the Company sold and
 issued 8,376,250 shares of its common stock at an issuance
 price of 18.15 per share. As a result of this stock offering,
 the Company raised approximately 143,439,000, in net proceeds
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of
 8,590,000 and before deducting offering expenses of 1,206,000.

F-7

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Revenue
 Recognition 

The Company derives its revenues from two primary sources:
 (1) subscription fees from customers implementing and
 utilizing the Company s on-demand online business
 optimization services; and (2) related professional and
 other services, consisting primarily of consulting and training.
 Because the Company provides its applications as services, it
 follows the provisions of Securities and Exchange Commission
 Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 104,
 Revenue Recognition , and Emerging Issues Task Force
 EITF Issue
 No. 00-21, 
 Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables. The
 Company recognizes revenue when all of the following conditions
 are met:

there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement;

the service has been provided to the customer;

the collection of the fees is reasonably assured; and

the amount of fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or
 determinable.

The Company recognizes subscription revenues, including
 implementation and
 set-up fees,
 on a monthly basis, beginning on the date the customer commences
 use of the Company s services and ending on the final day
 of the contract term. The Company records amounts that have been
 invoiced in accounts receivable and in deferred revenues or
 revenues, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria
 have been met.

The Company recognizes revenue resulting from professional
 services sold with subscription offerings (generally considered
 to be at the time of, or within 45 days of, sale of the
 subscription offering) over the term of the related subscription
 contract as these services are considered to be inseparable from
 the subscription service, and the Company has not yet
 established objective and reliable evidence of fair value for
 the undelivered element. The Company recognizes revenues
 resulting from professional services sold separately from the
 subscription services as those professional services are
 performed.

Although the Company s subscription contracts are generally
 noncancelable, a limited number of customers have the right to
 cancel their contracts by providing prior written notice to the
 Company of their intent to cancel the remainder of the contract
 term. In the event a customer cancels its contract, it is not
 entitled to a refund for prior services provided to it by the
 Company.

Deferred
 Revenues 

Deferred revenues consist of billings or payments received in
 advance of revenue recognition for the Company s
 subscription and professional services described above and the
 Company recognizes them as revenue only when the revenue
 recognition criteria are met.

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with banks,
 money market funds and highly liquid debt securities with an
 original maturity of 90 days or less. Short-term
 investments include debt securities with an original maturity
 greater than 90 days and auction rate securities. The
 Company classifies its investments in debt securities as
 available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are included in
 income based on the specific identification method. Unrealized
 gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are recorded
 to other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders 
 (deficit) equity. Interest on securities classified as
 available-for-sale 
 is included as a component of interest income.

Concentrations
 of Credit Risk and Significant Customers 

The Company s financial instruments that are exposed to
 concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash
 equivalents, available-for-sale securities and trade accounts
 receivable. Although the Company deposits its cash and cash
 equivalents with multiple financial institutions, its deposits,
 at times, may exceed federally insured

F-8

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

limits. The Company s available-for-sale securities are
 investment grade and the Company s investment policy
 requires diversification of the portfolio in order to limit the
 potential credit risk exposure. The Company is exposed to credit
 risks in the event of default by the issuers of the
 available-for-sale securities. Collateral is not required for
 accounts receivable; however, the Company regularly evaluates
 customers financial condition and creditworthiness.

No customer accounted for 5 or greater of accounts receivable
 at December 31, 2006 and 2007. America Online and certain
 of its affiliated entities, collectively, accounted for 11 of
 total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2005 and
 2006. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of total
 revenues during the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006
 and no customer accounted for more than 10 of total revenues
 during the year ended December 31, 2007.

At December 31, 2006 and 2007, tangible assets located
 outside the United States were not material. No single foreign
 country accounted for more than 10 of total revenues during the
 years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007. Subscription
 revenues accounted for 96 of total revenues in 2005, 94 of
 total revenues in 2006 and 92 of total revenues in 2007.

The following table sets forth revenues from customers within
 and outside the United States (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Revenues from customers within the United States

38,108

66,468

106,258

Revenues from customers outside the United States

4,696

13,281

36,869

Total revenues

42,804

79,749

143,127

Revenues from customers outside the United States as a
 percentage of total revenues

11

17

26

Service
 Provider Concentration 

All of the Company s servers containing customer data are
 located in third-party data center facilities in California;
 Texas; Massachusetts; Copenhagen, Denmark and London, England.
 The Company does not control the operation of these facilities
 and is vulnerable to damage or interruption in the event any of
 these third-party, co-location facilities fail.

Allowances
 for Accounts Receivable 

The Company records a sales allowance to provide for estimated
 future adjustments to accounts receivable, generally resulting
 from credits issued to customers in conjunction with amendments
 or renewals of subscription service arrangements. Provisions for
 sales allowances are recorded as a reduction to revenues.
 Specific provisions are made based on amendments or renewals
 associated with specific subscription service arrangements,
 which are expected to result in the issuance of customer
 credits. Additionally, provisions are made based on actual
 credits issued as a percentage of the Company s historical
 revenues. The Company evaluates the estimate of sales allowances
 on a regular basis and adjusts the amount reserved accordingly.

The Company makes judgments as to its ability to collect
 outstanding accounts receivable and provides allowances when
 collection becomes doubtful. Specific provisions are made based
 on an
 account-by-account 
 analysis of collectability. Additionally, provisions are made
 for non-customer-specific accounts based on the Company s
 historical bad debt experience and current economic trends.
 Provisions are recorded in general and administrative expenses.
 The Company writes off customer accounts receivable balances to
 the allowance for doubtful accounts when it becomes likely that
 they will not be collected.

F-9

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The changes in the Company s allowances for accounts
 receivable were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Sales allowance :

Balance at beginning of period

261

835

1,305

Provision

2,412

3,671

5,881

Write-offs

(1,838

(3,201

(4,015

Balance at end of period

835

1,305

3,171

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Bad debt allowance: 

Balance at beginning of period

66

127

734

Provision

77

650

1,102

Write-offs

(16

(43

(277

Balance at end of period

127

734

1,559

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and
 amortization of property and equipment are calculated on a
 straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of those
 assets as follows:

Computers, equipment and software

2 to 4 years

Furniture and fixtures

5 to 7 years

Leasehold improvements

Shorter of the estimated useful life or the lease term

Long-lived
 Assets, Including Goodwill 

Periodically the Company assesses potential impairment of its
 long-lived assets, which include property, equipment and
 acquired intangible assets, in accordance with the provisions of
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment and Disposal of
 Long-Lived Assets . The Company performs an impairment review
 whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors the Company
 considers important that could trigger an impairment review
 include, but are not limited to, significant under-performance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results,
 significant changes in the manner of its use of acquired assets
 or the Company s overall business strategy and significant
 industry or economic trends. When the Company determines that
 the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable
 based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators,
 it determines the recoverability by comparing the carrying
 amount of the asset to net future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. The Company recognizes an
 impairment charge equal to the amount by which the carrying
 amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset.

The Company recorded goodwill in conjunction with its
 acquisitions of Instadia, Touch Clarity and Offermatica (see
 Note 2). It will review goodwill for impairment, at least
 annually, in accordance with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill
 and Other Intangible Assets, based on a single operating
 unit.

F-10

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Foreign
 Currency 

The Company s results of operations and cash flows are
 subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency
 exchange rates, particularly changes in the Australian dollar,
 British pound, Canadian dollar, Danish krone, EU euro, Hong
 Kong dollar, Japanese yen and Swedish krona.

The functional currency of the Company s international
 subsidiaries is generally the local currency. The financial
 statements of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S.
 dollars using period-end or historical rates of exchange for
 assets and liabilities and average rates of exchange for the
 period for revenues and expenses. Translation gains (losses) are
 recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income as a
 component of stockholders (deficit) equity. Net foreign
 currency losses are included in other expense, net in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were
 approximately 60,000, 219,000, and 480,000 for the years
 ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively.

At December 31, 2006, the Company held a foreign currency
 forward exchange contract with a financial institution to
 protect against currency exchange risk associated with the
 acquisition of Instadia (see Note 2). This forward contract
 was not designated as an accounting hedge under
 SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments
 and Hedging Activities . Upon the settlement of this foreign
 currency forward exchange contract, in January 2007, the Company
 recognized a realized loss of 337,000 in its consolidated
 statement of operations, of which 94,000 was recognized as an
 unrealized loss in the year ended December 31, 2006 and the
 remaining 243,000 was recognized during the year ended
 December 31, 2007.

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair values of cash equivalents invested in money market
 funds, available-for-sale securities and the foreign currency
 forward exchange contract related to the acquisition of Instadia
 were determined based on quoted market rates.

Software
 Development Costs 

The Company follows the guidance of EITF Issue
 No. 00-2, 
 Accounting for Web Site Development Costs, and EITF Issue
 No. 00-3, 
 Application of AICPA Statement of Position
 97-2 to
 Arrangements That Include the Right to Use Software Stored on
 Another Entity s Hardware. EITF Issue
 No. 00-2 
 sets forth the accounting for Web site development costs based
 on the Web site development activity. EITF Issue
 No. 00-3 
 sets forth the accounting for software in a hosting arrangement.
 The Company follows the guidance set forth in Statement of
 Position SOP No. 98-1, 
 Accounting for the Cost of Computer Software Developed or
 Obtained for Internal Use, in accounting for the development
 of its on-demand online business optimization software, and
 other software the Company develops for internal use.
 SOP No. 98-1 
 requires companies to capitalize qualifying computer software
 costs, which are incurred during the application development
 stage, and amortize them over the software s estimated
 useful life.

Commissions 

The Company records sales commissions when the commissions are
 earned, which is generally when the corresponding revenue has
 been recognized or at the time of collection of the customer
 account receivable. Commissions paid to sales personnel are not
 recoverable in the event the customer terminates service.
 Commission expense was 4,140,000, 8,241,000 and 12,195,000
 for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007,
 respectively.

Leases 

The Company leases its facilities and a portion of its network
 infrastructure equipment under operating leases, and accounts
 for those leases in accordance with SFAS No. 13,
 Accounting for Leases. For facility leases that contain
 rent escalation or rent concession provisions, the Company
 records the total rent payable during the lease

F-11

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

term on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The
 Company records the difference between the rent paid and the
 straight-line rent as a deferred rent liability in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Advertising 

The Company expenses advertising as
 incurred. Advertising expense was 510,000, 308,000
 and 1,969,000 for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006
 and 2007, respectively.

Stock-based
 Compensation 

Prior to January 1, 2006, the Company accounted for
 stock-based employee compensation under the recognition and
 measurement provisions of Accounting Principles Board
 APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock
 Issued to Employees , as permitted by SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation . Prior to
 January 1, 2006, the Company measured stock-based
 compensation expense as the difference, if any, between the
 estimated fair value of the Company s common stock on the
 date of grant and the exercise price.

Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair
 value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123R,
 Share-Based Payment , using the prospective transition
 method, which requires the Company to apply its provisions only
 to awards granted, modified, repurchased or cancelled on or
 after the effective date. Under this transition method,
 stock-based compensation expense recognized beginning
 January 1, 2006 is based on the following: (1) the
 grant-date fair value of stock option awards granted or modified
 on or after January 1, 2006; and (2) the balance of
 deferred stock-based compensation related to stock option awards
 granted prior to January 1, 2006, which was calculated
 using the intrinsic-value method as previously permitted under
 APB Opinion No. 25. Results for prior periods have not been
 restated.

The Company accounts for stock option grants to non-employees in
 accordance with SFAS No. 123R and EITF Issue
 No. 96-18, 
 Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other
 Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling,
 Goods or Services , which require that the fair value of
 these instruments be recognized as an expense over the period in
 which the related services are rendered.

Income
 Taxes 

The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income
 taxes in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting
 for Income Taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are determined based on temporary differences
 between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
 liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in
 which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
 The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
 tax rates is recognized in the Company s consolidated
 statements of operations in the period that includes the
 enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when
 necessary to reduce deferred tax assets when it is determined
 that it is more likely than not that some portion of the
 deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in ownership
 will limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that
 can be utilized annually in the future to offset taxable income
 (see Note 6).

In July 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB ), issued Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes An
 Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109
 FIN 48 ). FIN 48 clarifies the
 accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
 entity s financial statements in accordance with
 SFAS No. 109, and prescribes a recognition threshold
 and measurement attributes for financial statement disclosure of
 tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return.
 Under FIN 48, the impact of an uncertain income tax
 position on the income tax return must be recognized at the
 largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon
 audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax
 position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 
 likelihood of being sustained. Additionally, FIN 48
 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest
 and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and
 transition.

F-12

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The Company s adoption of the provisions of FIN 48 on
 January 1, 2007 did not have a material impact on its
 financial statements. The Company adopted the accounting policy
 that interest recognized in accordance with Paragraph 15 of
 FIN 48 and penalties recognized in accordance with
 Paragraph 16 of FIN 48 are classified as a component
 of interest expense. The Company had not incurred any interest
 or penalties as of December 31, 2007 and does not
 anticipate any significant change within 12 months of this
 reporting date related to uncertain tax positions. The Company
 does not anticipate any events which could cause the change to
 these uncertainties. The Company is subject to taxation in the
 U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions.

Historically, the Company s tax provision for financial
 statement purposes and the actual tax returns have been prepared
 using consistent methodologies. At December 31, 2006 and
 2007, there were no material unrecognized tax benefits. Any
 future adjustments to the unrecognized tax benefit will have no
 impact on the Company s effective tax rate due to the
 valuation allowance which fully offsets these tax benefits. For
 the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, the
 Company did not recognize any interest and penalties related to
 income taxes, and the Company does not currently accrue for
 interest and penalties.

Net
 Loss Per Share 

The following table presents the numerator and a reconciliation
 of the denominator used in the calculation of net loss per
 share, basic and diluted (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Numerator: 

Net loss

(17,441

(7,725

(9,429

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding

14,362

31,134

54,375

Weighted-average common shares outstanding subject to repurchase

(668

(802

(665

Denominator for net loss per share, basic and diluted

13,694

30,332

53,710

The following weighted-average common stock equivalents (in
 thousands) were excluded from the computation of diluted net
 loss per share because they had an anti-dilutive impact:

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Common shares outstanding subject to repurchase

668

784

657

Employee stock awards

5,178

5,110

5,589

Warrants

418

374

241

Convertible preferred stock

18,152

11,016

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements. SFAS No. 157
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. The changes to
 current practice resulting from the application of this
 statement relate to the definition of fair value, the methods
 used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures about
 fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is effective for
 the Company beginning in the first fiscal quarter of fiscal year
 2008. The Company does not expect the adoption of
 SFAS No. 157 to have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.

F-13

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The
 Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities . SFAS No. 159 permits companies to
 choose to measure certain financial instruments and certain
 other items at fair value. The standard requires that unrealized
 gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has
 been elected be reported in earnings. SFAS No. 159 is
 effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of
 fiscal year 2008. The Company does not expect the adoption of
 SFAS No. 159 to have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141R,
 Business Combinations. SFAS No. 141R requires
 an acquirer to measure the identifiable assets acquired, the
 liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the
 acquiree at their fair values on the acquisition date, with
 goodwill being the excess value over the net identifiable assets
 acquired. SFAS No. 141R is effective for financial
 statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 December 15, 2008. Early adoption is prohibited. The
 Company expects the adoption of SFAS No. 141R to have
 a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
 statements if and when the Company completes a business
 acquisition on or after the adoption date of this statement.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
 Statements. SFAS No. 160 clarifies that a
 noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary should be reported as
 equity in the consolidated financial statements. The calculation
 of earnings per share will continue to be based on income
 amounts attributable to the parent. SFAS No. 160 is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2008. Early adoption is
 prohibited. The Company does not expect the adoption of
 SFAS No. 160 to have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.

2. 

Acquisitions 

Instadia
 A/S 

On January 18, 2007, the Company acquired all of the
 outstanding voting stock of Instadia, a provider of enterprise,
 on-demand Web analytics services based in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 The Company purchased Instadia to acquire its existing customer
 base, key personnel and technology. The preliminary aggregate
 purchase price was approximately 14,349,000, which consisted of
 (1) total cash consideration of approximately 11,436,000,
 (2) restructuring charges of approximately 2,433,000,
 (3) acquisition-related costs and (4) a license
 payment to NetRatings Inc. NetRatings related to
 the Instadia acquisition of approximately 319,000, which the
 Company elected to make in February 2007 in accordance with
 the terms of the settlement and patent license agreement entered
 into with NetRatings in February 2006. The results of operations
 of Instadia are included in the Company s results of
 operations from the acquisition date.

The restructuring charges recorded in conjunction with the
 acquisition related to severance payments and severance-related
 benefits associated with the termination of nine former Instadia
 employees, primarily in the research and development and
 administrative functions, and the cost to terminate an existing
 Instadia contractual obligation. These restructuring charges
 were accounted for in accordance with EITF Issue
 No. 95-3, 
 Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase
 Business Combination, all of which were paid prior to
 December 31, 2007.

F-14

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The following table summarizes the allocation of the preliminary
 aggregate purchase price for Instadia and the estimated useful
 lives for the acquired intangible assets (in thousands):

Current assets

2,033

Property and equipment

193

Other assets

73

Acquired intangibles:

Existing technology (four-year estimated useful life)

600

Customer contracts and related relationships (seven-year
 estimated useful life)

4,400

Non-compete agreements (two-year estimated useful life)

600

Patent license (five-year estimated useful life)

148

Goodwill

10,814

Total assets acquired

18,861

Current liabilities

3,378

Long-term liabilities

1,134

Total liabilities assumed

4,512

Net assets acquired

14,349

Except for deferred revenues, the Instadia tangible assets and
 liabilities assumed by the Company were valued at their
 respective carrying amounts at the acquisition date, as the
 Company believes these amounts approximated their current fair
 value. Deferred revenues were reduced to their estimated fair
 value, which represented an amount equivalent to the estimated
 costs of fulfilling the remaining contractual obligations
 associated with these deferred revenues. In total, the Instadia
 acquired intangible assets had a weighted-average estimated
 useful life of 6.1 years. The amount recorded as goodwill
 is not deductible for income tax purposes.

Because the cash consideration associated with the acquisition
 was denominated in Danish krone, in December 2006, the Company
 entered into a foreign currency forward exchange contract with a
 financial institution to protect against currency exchange rate
 risk associated with this transaction. Upon the settlement of
 this foreign currency forward exchange contract, in January
 2007, the Company recognized a realized loss of 337,000 in its
 consolidated statement of operations, of which 94,000 was
 recognized as an unrealized loss in the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and the remaining 243,000 was recognized
 during the year ended December 31, 2007.

The determination of the final purchase price is subject to
 potential adjustments related to income taxes, which could
 impact the purchase price allocation reflected above. The
 Company does not expect any changes to the purchase price
 allocation to materially increase or decrease depreciation and
 amortization expense, but they may have a material effect on the
 amount of recorded goodwill.

Touch
 Clarity Limited 

On March 1, 2007, the Company acquired all of the
 outstanding voting stock of Touch Clarity, a provider of
 enterprise, on-demand, automated onsite behavioral targeting and
 optimization solutions based in London, England. The Company
 purchased Touch Clarity to acquire key personnel and technology.
 The results of operations of Touch Clarity are included in the
 Company s results of operations from the acquisition date.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 61,256,000, which consisted of (1) total cash
 consideration of approximately 29,490,000, (2) the
 issuance of 836,609 shares of the Company s common
 stock valued at approximately 22,086,000, net of issuance
 costs, (3) the fair value of substituted options,
 (4) acquisition-related costs and (5) a license
 payment to NetRatings related to the Touch Clarity acquisition
 of approximately

F-15

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

453,000, which the Company elected to make in April 2007 in
 accordance with the terms of the settlement and patent license
 agreement entered into with NetRatings in February 2006. The
 terms of the acquisition also provided for the payment by the
 Company of up to 3,000,000 in additional consideration during
 the quarter ended March 31, 2008, contingent upon the
 achievement of certain milestones during the year ended
 December 31, 2007. Any contingent consideration paid by the
 Company would increase the aggregate purchase price and
 goodwill. The fair value of the 836,609 shares of common
 stock was determined based on the average closing price of the
 Company s common stock during the period two days before
 and two days after the terms of the acquisition were agreed to
 and announced.

In connection with the closing of the acquisition, the holders
 of both vested and unvested options to purchase shares of Touch
 Clarity common stock received replacement options to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock (the Replacement
 Options ), with effectively the same intrinsic value at the
 acquisition date as the Touch Clarity options which were
 replaced. The 7,322,000 fair value of the Replacement Options
 included in the purchase price was estimated using the
 Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with market
 assumptions. Option pricing models require the use of highly
 subjective market assumptions, including expected stock price
 volatility, which if changed can materially affect fair value
 estimates. The more significant assumptions used in estimating
 the fair value of these stock options include expected
 volatility of 60 , expected option term of between
 4.0 years and 5.7 years based on the age of the
 original award and a risk-free interest rate of 4.5 .

The following table summarizes the allocation of the preliminary
 aggregate purchase price for Touch Clarity and the estimated
 useful lives for the acquired intangible assets (in thousands):

Current assets

2,356

Property and equipment

1,374

Other assets

127

Acquired intangibles:

Existing technology (seven-year estimated useful life)

14,300

Customer contracts and related relationships (eight-year
 estimated useful life)

3,700

Core technology (six-year estimated useful life)

3,300

Patent license (five-year estimated useful life)

166

Goodwill

42,424

Total assets acquired

67,747

Current liabilities

3,869

Long-term liabilities

2,622

Total liabilities assumed

6,491

Net assets acquired

61,256

Except for deferred revenues, the Touch Clarity tangible assets
 and liabilities assumed by the Company were valued at their
 respective carrying amounts at the acquisition date, as the
 Company believes these amounts approximated their current fair
 value. Deferred revenues were reduced to their estimated fair
 value, which represented an amount equivalent to the estimated
 costs of fulfilling the remaining contractual obligations
 associated with these deferred revenues. In total, the Touch
 Clarity acquired intangible assets had a weighted-average
 estimated useful life of 7.0 years. The amount recorded as
 goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The determination of the final purchase price is subject to
 potential adjustments related to income taxes, which could
 impact the purchase price allocation reflected above. The
 Company does not expect any changes to the purchase price
 allocation to materially increase or decrease depreciation and
 amortization expense, but they may have a material effect on the
 amount of recorded goodwill.

F-16

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Offermatica
 Corporation 

On December 13, 2007, the Company acquired all of the
 outstanding voting stock of Offermatica, an on-demand provider
 of A/B and multivariate testing solutions that enable companies
 to define and test the structure and other elements of their Web
 sites. The Company purchased Offermatica to acquire its existing
 customer base, key personnel and technology. The results of
 operations of Offermatica are included in the Company s
 results of operations from the acquisition date.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 60,401,000, which consisted of (1) cash consideration of
 approximately 33,600,000, (2) 1,021,081 shares of
 Omniture common stock valued at approximately 24,771,000,
 (3) acquisition-related costs and (4) a license
 payment to NetRatings of approximately 879,000 related to the
 Offermatica acquisition, which the Company elected to make in
 accordance with the terms of the settlement and patent license
 agreement entered into with NetRatings in February 2006. The
 fair value of the 1,021,081 shares of common stock was
 determined based on the average closing price of the
 Company s common stock during the period two days before
 and two days after the terms of the acquisition were agreed to
 and announced.

The following table summarizes the allocation of the preliminary
 aggregate purchase price for Offermatica and the estimated
 useful lives for the acquired intangible assets (in thousands):

Current assets

3,200

Property and equipment

1,082

Other assets

55

Acquired intangibles:

Existing technology (four-year estimated useful life)

10,700

Customer contracts and related relationships (six-year estimated
 useful life)

5,200

Core technology (four-year estimated useful life)

2,200

Patent license (five-year estimated useful life)

486

Trade name / trademarks
 (eight-month 
 estimated useful life)

100

Goodwill

41,722

Total assets acquired

64,745

Current liabilities

4,344

Total liabilities assumed

4,344

Net assets acquired

60,401

Except for deferred revenues, the Offermatica tangible assets
 and liabilities assumed by Omniture were valued at their
 respective carrying amounts at the acquisition date, as the
 Company believes these amounts approximated their current fair
 value. Deferred revenues were reduced to their estimated fair
 value, which represented an amount equivalent to the estimated
 costs of fulfilling the remaining contractual obligations
 associated with these deferred revenues. In total, the
 Offermatica acquired intangible assets had a weighted-average
 estimated useful life of 4.6 years. The amount recorded as
 goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The determination of the final purchase price is subject to
 potential adjustments. The purchase price allocation could
 differ from that reflected above after final asset valuation
 reports are prepared and a final detailed review of all assets
 and liabilities, including income taxes, has been completed. The
 final purchase price allocation is expected to be completed in
 2008. The Company does not expect any changes to the purchase
 price allocation to materially increase or decrease depreciation
 and amortization expense, but they may have a material effect on
 the amount of recorded goodwill.

F-17

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Unaudited
 pro forma financial information 

The following unaudited pro forma information presents the
 consolidated results of operations of the Company, Touch Clarity
 and Offermatica as if these acquisitions had occurred on
 January 1, 2006 (in thousands, except per share data):

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Revenues

88,950

155,461

Loss from operations

(24,262

(21,118

Net loss

(25,433

(18,641

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

(0.60

(0.28

3. 

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Computers, equipment and software

49,672

63,791

Furniture and fixtures

816

1,117

Leasehold improvements

1,359

1,723

51,847

66,631

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization

(20,719

(35,417

31,128

31,214

Depreciation expense (including amortization of leasehold
 improvements) was 5,961,000, 11,323,000 and 14,709,000 for
 the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007,
 respectively.

F-18

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

4. 

Balance
 Sheet Accounts 

Cash,
 Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were as
 follows (in thousands):

December 31, 2007 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Cash and cash equivalents:

Cash

5,483

5,483

Money market funds

17,434

17,434

Government-sponsored enterprise securities

29,972

5

29,977

Corporate debt securities

24,896

(25

24,871

Total cash and cash equivalents

77,785

5

(25

77,765

Short-term investments:

Auction rate preferred municipal bonds

42,000

42,000

Government-sponsored enterprise securities

5,018

18

5,036

Corporate debt securities

9,895

(7

9,888

Total short-term investments

56,913

18

(7

56,924

At December 31, 2007, the unrealized losses in the above
 table relate to corporate debt securities for which the fair
 value is less than the carrying value. The Company expects to
 receive the full principal and interest on these securities.
 When evaluating investments for possible impairment, management
 reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which
 fair value has been below cost basis, credit quality, the
 financial condition of the investee, and the Company s
 ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time
 which may be sufficient for anticipated recovery in market
 value. The gross unrealized losses are primarily due to a
 decrease in the fair market value of corporate debt securities
 as a result of increases in market interest rates. The changes
 in the values in the above securities are considered to be
 temporary in nature and, accordingly, management does not
 believe that the values of these securities are impaired at
 December 31, 2007. Unrealized gains and losses on
 available-for-sale securities are reported as a component of
 stockholders (deficit) equity in the consolidated balance
 sheets. At December 31, 2006, the Company did not have any
 short-term investments and did not have any unrealized gains or
 losses on its cash and cash equivalents. For the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 there were no realized
 gains and losses on available-for-sale securities.

At December 31, 2007, the estimated fair value of
 available-for-sale securities by contractual maturity was as
 follows (in thousands):

Due in less than one year

69,772

Due in 1 to 5 years

Due in 5 to 10 years

Due in greater than 10 years

42,000

111,772

Securities with contractual maturities in the above table due in
 greater than 10 years are auction rate municipal bonds.
 While the contractual maturities are long-term, management
 considers the securities to be liquid because they can generally
 be liquidated at the date the interest rate resets, which is
 typically every 28 days. Management has the intent to
 liquidate these investments to fund operations within the next
 twelve months and accordingly has

F-19

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

classified these auction rate municipal bonds as short-term
 investments in current assets in the consolidated balance sheet.

Available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses at
 December 31, 2007 were as follows (in thousands):

In a Loss Position for 

In a Loss Position for 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Gross 

Gross 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Corporate debt securities

34,759

(32

34,759

(32

The gross unrealized losses related to these corporate debt
 securities are primarily due to changes in market interest
 rates. The Company views these unrealized losses as temporary in
 nature because it s probable that principal and interest
 related to these securities will be collected at maturity during
 the three months ended December 31, 2008 in accordance with
 contractual terms.

Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the year
 ended December 31, 2007, were as follows (in thousands):

Balance as of December 31, 2006

Goodwill acquired

94,960

Balance as of December 31, 2007

94,960

Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 2006 

Gross Carrying 

Accumulated 

Net Carrying 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Purchased technology

Customer contracts and related relationships

Patent licenses

10,199

1,356

8,843

Other

1,777

824

953

Non-compete agreements

11,976

2,180

9,796

December 31, 2007 

Gross Carrying 

Accumulated 

Net Carrying 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Purchased technology

31,100

2,433

28,667

Customer contracts and related relationships

13,300

998

12,302

Patent licenses

11,824

2,969

8,855

Other

1,777

1,157

620

Non-compete agreements

600

275

325

58,601

7,832

50,769

During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company
 purchased certain technology patents for 700,000, which is
 being amortized over a period of 7 years.

F-20

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

In November 2004, the Company entered into a co-marketing and
 reseller agreement with a third party to co-market the
 Company s SiteCatalyst application. In consideration for
 the agreement, the Company paid cash of 500,000 and issued
 warrants to purchase 504,054 shares of the Company s
 Series B-2 
 convertible preferred stock to the third party. The 500,000
 cash consideration and the value of the outstanding warrants, as
 determined by the Company s management, are being amortized
 over the expected life of the agreement with the third party.
 The value of the outstanding warrants was subject to adjustment,
 based upon changes in the underlying value of the convertible
 preferred stock as the warrants vest in accordance with the
 terms of the co-marketing and reseller agreement. In the fourth
 quarter of 2005, warrants to purchase 166,708 shares were
 cancelled due to the reseller s failure to meet the
 required vesting terms pursuant to the co-marketing and reseller
 agreement. Upon this cancellation, the Company reversed the
 previously recorded amortization expense of 96,000 relating to
 the cancelled warrants and decreased the carrying value of the
 warrants by 577,000. In March 2006, the Company amended the
 warrant agreement which reduced to 202,407 the total number of
 shares of
 Series B-2 
 convertible preferred stock the holder was entitled to purchase
 under the warrant, with immediate vesting of all shares subject
 to the warrant. The reduction in warrants, combined with the
 adjustment to the value of the remaining warrants, resulted in a
 net decrease in the intangible asset of approximately 44,000.
 In June 2006, the third party exercised all of its warrants
 under cashless exercise provisions of the underlying warrant
 agreement resulting in the Company issuing 142,791 shares
 of
 Series B-2 
 convertible preferred stock.

The Company is amortizing its intangible assets on a
 straight-line basis over a period of two to eight years. The
 weighted-average remaining amortization period of all intangible
 assets was 5.7 years and 5.3 years at
 December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively. Amortization
 expense related to intangible assets was 416,000, 1,709,000
 and 5,677,000 during the years ended December 31, 2005,
 2006 and 2007, respectively. The Company expects to recognize
 amortization expense on intangible assets at December 31,
 2007 as follows (in thousands):

Year Ending December 31, 

2008

10,374

2009

9,978

2010

9,654

2011

9,362

2012

6,195

Thereafter

5,206

50,769

Accrued
 and Other Liabilities 

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Accrued bonuses and commissions

3,311

5,244

Patent license and settlement costs

3,831

Other accrued liabilities

4,293

11,882

11,435

17,126

F-21

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Other liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Deferred tax liabilities

4,047

Other liabilities

518

375

518

4,422

5. 

Notes
 Payable 

Notes payable consisted of the following (in thousands):

Interest 

Final Maturity 

December 31, 

Rate 

Date 

2006 

2007 

Draw on equipment line of credit

5.00 

Aug. 2007

940

Draw on equipment line of credit

5.06

Oct. 2007

752

Draw on equipment line of credit

4.81

Oct. 2007

603

Draw on revolving line of credit

variable rate

Aug. 2008

500

500

Draw on second equipment facility

7.55

Jan. 2009

1,389

722

Draw on second equipment facility

7.77

Feb. 2009

794

428

Draw on second equipment facility

8.03

Mar. 2009

1,500

833

Draw on second equipment facility

8.38

Apr. 2009

1,684

962

Draw on second equipment facility

8.79

Jun. 2009

1,952

1,172

Draw on second equipment facility

variable rate

Dec. 2011

2,364

Bank note payable

9.07

Apr. 2010

310

Other notes payable

variable rate

May 2009

64

10,114

7,355

Less: current portion

(5,997

(4,407

Notes payable, excluding current portion

4,117

2,948

The Company paid interest of approximately 372,000, 1,245,000
 and 859,000 during the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006
 and 2007, respectively.

In 2004, the Company entered into an equipment line of credit
 agreement (the Equipment Line of Credit ), which is
 collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the
 Company. The Equipment Line of Credit provided for a
 36-month 
 repayment period for each draw. In 2005, the Company amended the
 Equipment Line of Credit (the 2005 Amendment ). The
 2005 Amendment also provided for a revolving line of credit of
 up to 10,000,000 (the Revolving Line ), under which
 the Company borrowed 500,000. Interest on the revolving line of
 credit is payable monthly.

In January 2006, the Company entered into a second amendment and
 restatement (the 2006 Amendment of the Equipment
 Line of Credit, which provided for a second equipment facility
 of up to 10,000,000, and reduced the total amount available for
 draw under the Revolving Line to 5,000,000. Each draw under the
 2006 Amendment has a
 36-month 
 repayment period and accrues interest at a rate based on the
 U.S. Treasury Bill Rate, plus a factor determined by the
 Company s Adjusted Quick Ratio, as defined in the 2006
 Amendment, at the time of the draw. The 2006 Amendment modified
 or eliminated certain covenants in the 2005 Amendment. In April
 2006 and again in May 2007, the Company amended the agreement to
 modify certain financial covenants.

F-22

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

In August 2007, the Company entered into a third amendment (the
 2007 Amendment of the Equipment Line of Credit,
 which increased the total equipment facility to 20,000,000, of
 which 9,608,000 was advanced prior to the 2007 Amendment, and
 increased the Revolving Line to 10,000,000. The first
 3,000,000 of borrowings under the Revolving Line is available
 on a non-formula basis. The increased equipment facility can be
 drawn on through August 17, 2008. Borrowings under the
 Revolving Line may be made through August 15, 2008, at
 which time all amounts borrowed under this line must be repaid.
 All amounts drawn under the Revolving Line accrue interest at a
 rate equal to, at the Company s option, either:
 (1) the variable rate equal to the lender s prime
 interest rate or (2) the variable rate at which dollar
 deposits are offered in the London interbank market plus 2.75 .
 All amounts drawn under the equipment facility accrue interest
 at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either:
 (1) the variable rate equal to the lender s prime
 interest rate, (2) the variable rate at which dollar
 deposits are offered in the London interbank market plus 2.75 ,
 or (3) a fixed rate per annum equal to the lender s
 prime interest rate on the date of the draw. Each draw under the
 2007 amendment has a
 48-month 
 repayment period. The 2007 Amendment modified or eliminated
 certain covenants in the prior loan amendments. The Company was
 in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the 2007
 Amendment at December 31, 2007. At December 31, 2007,
 the 500,000 outstanding under the Revolving Line and the
 2,364,000 outstanding under the 2007 Amendment of the equipment
 facility both accrue interest at a variable rate equal to the
 lender s prime interest rate of 7.25 .

During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company
 entered into an unsecured bank note in the amount of 397,000,
 which is repayable in 36 monthly installments.

The aggregate maturities of notes payable at December 31,
 2007 were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ending December 31, 

2008

4,407

2009

1,641

2010

649

2011

658

7,355

6. 

Income
 Taxes 

The domestic and foreign components of loss before provision for
 income taxes were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Domestic

(17,505

(7,740

(5,114

Foreign

79

210

(3,781

(17,426

(7,530

(8,895

F-23

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The provisions for income taxes were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Current taxes: 

Federal

254

State

118

60

Foreign

15

77

220

15

195

534

A reconciliation of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to the provision for income taxes included in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of operations is as follows
 (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Tax benefit at U.S. statutory rates

(5,925

(2,559

(3,024

State benefit, net of federal tax effect

(583

(248

(109

Alternative minimum taxes

254

Foreign taxes

684

Stock-based compensation

1,134

1,980

Meals and entertainment

61

134

173

Tax credits

(413

(533

(378

Change in valuation allowance

6,875

2,267

954

Provision for income taxes

15

195

534

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary
 differences between the carrying amounts of the assets and
 liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
 used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the
 Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as
 follows (in thousands):

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Deferred tax assets:

Accruals and allowances

1,653

3,323

Stock-based compensation

350

1,800

Deferred revenues

810

677

Tax credits

1,684

2,080

Net operating losses

11,716

34,779

Total deferred tax assets

16,213

42,659

Valuation allowance

(14,753

(32,119

Net deferred tax assets

1,460

10,540

Deferred tax liabilities:

Acquired intangible assets

(13,790

Depreciation and amortization

(1,460

(234

Deferred tax liabilities, net

(3,484

F-24

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on future
 earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain.
 Due to these uncertainties, management does not believe it is
 more likely than not that the full amount of deferred tax assets
 will be realized. Accordingly, net deferred tax assets of
 14,753,000 and 32,119,000 at December 31, 2006 and 2007,
 respectively, representing the portion of deferred tax assets
 the Company does not expect to fully realize have been offset by
 valuation allowances. The valuation allowance increased by
 6,875,000, 2,267,000 and 17,366,000 for the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively. The
 increase in the valuation allowances during 2007 is primarily
 due to the tax benefit of stock option compensation and deferred
 tax assets obtained through acquisitions. Upon reversal of the
 valuation allowances, 2,562,000 would be recorded as a
 reduction to goodwill, 13,850,000 would be recorded as an
 increase to stockholders (deficit) equity and 15,707,000
 would be recorded as a tax benefit from operations.

In July 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, which clarifies the
 accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
 entity s financial statements in accordance with
 SFAS No. 109 and prescribes a recognition threshold
 and measurement attributes for financial statement disclosure of
 tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return.
 Under FIN 48, the impact of an uncertain income tax
 position on the income tax return must be recognized at the
 largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon
 audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax
 position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 
 likelihood of being sustained. Additionally, FIN 48
 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest
 and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and
 transition.

The Company s adoption of the provisions of FIN 48 on
 January 1, 2007 did not have a material impact on its
 financial statements. The Company had not incurred any interest
 or penalties as of December 31, 2007 and does not
 anticipate any significant change within 12 months of this
 reporting date related to uncertain tax positions. The Company
 does not anticipate any events which could cause the change to
 these uncertainties. The Company is subject to taxation in the
 U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions, and the
 Company files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of
 the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company s
 federal and state taxes for the years 2003 through 2007 are
 subject to examination.

At December 31, 2007, the Company had net operating loss
 carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately
 81,983,000, which will begin to expire in 2020, and federal
 research and development credits of approximately 1,404,000,
 which will begin to expire in 2019. The Company also has state
 net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 82,800,000,
 which will begin to expire in 2015, and state research and
 development credits of approximately 648,000, which will begin
 to expire in 2014.

Utilization of the Company s net operating loss and tax
 credit carryforwards are subject to annual limitations due to
 the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal
 Revenue Code and similar state provisions. These annual
 limitations will result in the expiration of a portion of the
 net operating loss and credit carryforwards before they are
 fully utilized. At December 31, 2007, the Company also had
 approximately 16,400,000 in net operating loss carryforwards in
 the United Kingdom, part or all of which may not be available to
 reduce the Company s future taxable income in the United
 Kingdom should there be a change in the nature or conduct of the
 Company s business in the United Kingdom within the three
 years subsequent to the date of our acquisition of Touch Clarity.

The Company paid income taxes of 0, 144,000 and 101,000
 during the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007,
 respectively.

7. 

Preferred
 Stock 

The Company s Board of Directors has the authority, without
 further action by stockholders, to issue from time to time up to
 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series.
 The Company s Board of Directors may designate the rights,
 preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock,
 including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights,
 terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms
 and number of

F-25

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

shares constituting any series or the designation of any series.
 At December 31, 2007, no shares of preferred stock were
 outstanding.

8. 

Convertible
 Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit)
 Equity 

Convertible
 Preferred Stock 

Prior to the IPO, the Company issued shares of convertible
 preferred stock. Each outstanding share of convertible preferred
 stock at the time of the Company s IPO in July 2006 was
 automatically converted into one share of common stock.

In 2005, the Company authorized and issued a total of
 7,740,834 shares of
 Series C-1 
 convertible preferred stock at 5.1674 per share for gross
 proceeds of 40,000,000, of which a total of
 1,614,405 shares were sold to Hummer Winblad Venture
 Partners V, L.P., a related party. One of the members of
 the Company s Board of Directors is a managing member of
 Hummer Winblad Equity Partners V, LLC, which is the general
 partner of Hummer Winblad Venture Partners V, L.P.

Equity
 Incentive Plans 

In connection with the closing of the acquisition of
 Offermatica, the Company assumed Offermatica s 2005 Equity
 Incentive Plan (the 2005 Plan ). There were no
 outstanding stock options assumed under the 2005 Plan. At
 December 31, 2007, a total of 89,191 shares of common stock
 were available for grant under the 2005 Plan.

In connection with the closing of the acquisition of Touch
 Clarity, the Company assumed the Touch Clarity Limited
 Enterprise Management Incentives Share Option Plan 2002 (the
 Touch Clarity UK Plan and the Touch Clarity Limited
 2006 U.S. Plan (the Touch Clarity
 U.S. Plan ). Holders of outstanding stock options to
 purchase Touch Clarity common stock received Replacement Options
 to purchase a total of 746,234 shares of Omniture common
 stock. The Replacement Options will continue to be subject to
 the terms and conditions applicable to the Touch Clarity options
 in existence immediately prior to the closing of the
 acquisition, except that the number of shares subject to options
 and relative exercise prices were adjusted pursuant to the
 option exchange ratio provided for in the purchase agreement.
 These options typically vest in equal monthly installments over
 a one to four year period from the date of grant of the original
 option and expire ten years from the original grant date. The
 Company will not grant additional stock options under these
 substituted plans.

In August 1999, the Company adopted the 1999 Equity Incentive
 Plan (the 1999 Plan ), for which
 9,315,868 shares of common stock had been reserved at
 December 31, 2005. On February 22, 2006, the
 Company s stockholders authorized an additional
 2,000,000 shares of common stock available for future
 issuance under the 1999 Plan. The 1999 Plan allows grants of
 incentive and nonqualified options. Grants of incentive options
 must be at a price that is not less than the fair market value
 of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. The option
 prices are determined by the Company s Board of Directors.
 Generally, the options expire ten years from the date of grant
 and vest over a four-year period.

The 1999 Plan allows option holders to exercise unvested stock
 options at any time; however, upon termination of employment,
 the Company has the right to repurchase any unvested shares of
 common stock at the original exercise price. The Company s
 right of repurchase lapses as the shares vest. The consideration
 received from exercises of unvested stock options is recorded as
 a liability and is reclassified into equity as the awards vest.
 For purposes of determining the weighted-average common shares
 outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted net
 loss per share, shares issued upon the exercise of unvested
 stock options are not considered outstanding shares of common
 stock until these awards vest. During the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, 187,500, 363,373 and
 703,029, respectively, shares of common stock subject to
 repurchase became vested. At December 31, 2006, this
 liability was approximately 208,000 relating to 918,022
 unvested shares of common stock subject to repurchase. At
 December 31, 2007, this liability was approximately
 131,000 relating to 265,240

F-26

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

unvested shares of common stock subject to repurchase. Shares
 subject to repurchase by the Company were exercised at prices
 ranging from 0.11 to 0.50 per share.

The Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2006 Equity
 Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan in March 2006 and the
 Company s stockholders approved the plan in June 2006. The
 2006 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to
 employees and subsidiary corporations employees, and for
 the grant of nonqualified stock options, restricted stock,
 restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and
 performance shares to the Company s employees, directors
 and consultants and subsidiary corporations employees and
 consultants.

The 2006 Plan provides for annual increases in the number of
 shares available for issuance there under on the first day of
 each year equal to the lesser of:

5 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock
 on the last day of the preceding year; and

30,000,000 shares.

On January 1, 2007, the number of authorized shares of
 common stock available for issuance under the 2006 Plan was
 increased by 2,415,196 in accordance with the provisions of the
 2006 Plan with respect to annual increases of the number of
 shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2006
 Plan.

At December 31, 2007, a total of 222,823 shares of
 common stock were available for grant under the Company s
 equity incentive plans.

Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan 

The Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2006 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan (the 2006 ESPP in March 2006
 and the Company s stockholders approved the plan in June
 2006. The 2006 ESPP is intended to qualify under
 Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended, and provides for consecutive, non-overlapping six-month
 offering periods. At the end of each six-month offering period,
 qualified employees are entitled to purchase shares of the
 Company s common stock at 95 of the fair market value of
 the common stock at the exercise date, which is the first
 trading date on or after February 15 and August 15 of each year.
 During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Board of
 Directors of the Company approved an increase in the number of
 authorized shares of common stock available for issuance under
 the 2006 ESPP by 483,039 in accordance with the provisions of
 the 2006 ESPP. The Company issued 11,014 shares of common
 stock under the 2006 ESPP during the year ended
 December 31, 2007. At December 31, 2007, a total of
 972,025 shares of common stock were reserved for future
 issuance under this plan.

The 2006 ESPP provides for annual increases in the number of
 shares available for issuance on the first day of each year
 equal to the lesser of:

1 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock
 on the first day of the year;

12,000,000 shares; and

such other amount as may be determined by the Company s
 Board of Directors or a committee thereof.

Stock
 Options 

In connection with the adoption of SFAS No. 123R, the
 Company estimates the fair value of stock option awards granted
 beginning January 1, 2006 using the Black-Scholes-Merton
 option-pricing formula and a single option award approach. The
 Company then amortizes the fair value of awards expected to vest
 on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of
 the awards, which is generally the period from the grant date to
 the end of the vesting period. The expected option term for
 options granted beginning January 1, 2006 was calculated
 using the simplified method described in SAB No. 107,
 Share-Based Payment . The simplified method defines the
 expected term as the average of the contractual term and the
 vesting period. Estimated volatility for the years ended

F-27

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

December 31, 2006 and 2007 also reflected the application
 of SAB No. 107 interpretive guidance and, accordingly,
 incorporated historical volatility of similar entities whose
 share prices were publicly available. The Company used the
 historical stock volatilities of similar entities due to the
 lack of sufficient historical data of the Company s stock
 price since its IPO in 2006. The risk-free interest rate was
 based on the yield curve of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury
 bond on the date the stock option award was granted with a
 maturity equal to the expected term of the stock option award.
 The Company used historical data to estimate the number of
 future stock option forfeitures.

During the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007, the
 Company recorded compensation expense related to these stock
 option awards totaling 1,948,000 and 12,512,000, respectively.
 At December 31, 2007, there was 52,486,000 of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option
 awards granted subsequent to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123R. This unrecognized compensation cost is
 equal to the fair value of awards expected to vest and will be
 recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.2 years.

The fair value of stock option awards granted during the years
 ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 was estimated at the date
 of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation method with
 the following assumptions:

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Expected volatility

62 -64 

43 -60 

Expected term (in years)

5.8-7.0

4.0-6.1

Risk-free interest rate

4.5 -5.1 

3.5 -4.9 

Expected dividends

The following table summarizes stock option activity under the
 Company s equity incentive plans for the year ended
 December 31, 2007:

Weighted-Average 

Number of Shares 

Weighted-Average 

Remaining 

Subject to 

Exercise Price per 

Contractual Term 

Aggregate Intrinsic 

Outstanding Options 

Share 

(in Years) 

Value (3) 

(In thousands) 

Outstanding at January 1, 2007

8,628,795

4.82

Granted (1) 

3,578,599

21.31

Substituted in connection with the acquisition of Touch Clarity

746,234

0.79

Exercised

(2,311,380

1.56

Canceled

(511,445

16.48

Outstanding at December 31, 2007

10,130,803

10.51

8.0

230,816

Vested and expected to vest at December 31,
 2007 (2) 

6,207,397

13.90

8.9

120,341

Exercisable at December 31, 2007

2,309,294

3.86

5.8

65,759

(1) 

Includes 50,000 shares subject to stock appreciation rights. 

(2) 

Includes only options granted on or after January 1, 2006,
 which are subject to the provisions of SFAS No. 123R. 

(3) 

The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference
 between the exercise price of the underlying stock option awards
 and the closing market price of the Company s common stock
 at December 31, 2007. 

F-28

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Additional information related to stock option activity under
 the Company s equity incentive plans was as follows:

Year 

Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Weighted-average, grant-date fair value of stock options granted

6.51

12.08

(1) 

Weighted-average exercise price of stock options granted

10.09

17.77

(1) 

Aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised (in
 thousands) (2) 

10,428

48,887

Weighted-average, grant-date fair value of stock options
 forfeited (3) 

5.49

11.57

Number of stock options
 forfeited (3) 

63,701

458,998

(1) 

Includes the stock options substituted in connection with the
 acquisition of Touch Clarity that had a weighted-average fair
 value of 12.02 and a weighted-average exercise price of 0.79. 

(2) 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised is
 measured as the difference between the exercise price and the
 closing market price of the Company s common stock at the
 date of exercise. 

(3) 

Includes only stock options granted on or after January 1,
 2006, which are subject to the provisions of
 SFAS No. 123R. 

During the year ended December 31, 2006, the Company also
 recorded stock-based compensation expense of 224,000 due to the
 modification and acceleration of the vesting of an
 employee s stock options, initially granted prior to the
 adoption of SFAS No. 123R, upon termination of
 employment.

In February 2006, the Company issued 250 shares of common
 stock to a consultant for services rendered. In connection with
 this issuance, the Company recorded 2,000 of stock-based
 compensation expense.

In 2002, the Company granted a non-employee consultant vested
 options to purchase a total of 133,333 shares of common
 stock that were not under the Plan. The exercise price of these
 options was 0.04. At December 31, 2006 and 2007, the
 entire 133,333 options to purchase common stock were outstanding
 and exercisable.

Restricted
 Stock Units 

During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company began
 granting restricted stock units. These awards generally vest
 over a four-year period. The following table summarizes activity
 during the year ended December 31, 2007 related to
 restricted stock units:

Weighted-Average 

Grant-Date Fair 

Number of Shares 

Value 

Unvested restricted stock units at December 31, 2006

Granted

245,000

32.89

Vested

Forfeited

20,000

28.41

Unvested restricted stock units at December 31, 2007

225,000

33.29

At December 31, 2007, there was 5,118,000 of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted
 stock units. This unrecognized compensation cost is equal to the
 fair value of restricted stock units expected to vest and will
 be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years.
 The grant date fair value of restricted stock units is equal to
 the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date
 the award was granted. At December 31, 2007, there were a
 total of 95,000 restricted stock units subject to performance
 conditions tied to certain operating results of the Company that
 will result in forfeiture if the conditions are not realized.

F-29

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Deferred
 Stock-based Compensation 

Prior to January 1, 2006, the Company recorded deferred
 stock-based compensation in the amount by which the exercise
 price of a stock option was less than the deemed fair value of
 the Company s common stock at the date of grant. Because
 there was no public market for the Company s common stock,
 the Company s Board of Directors determined the fair value
 of the common stock based upon several factors, including, but
 not limited to, the Company s operating and financial
 performance, private sales of the Company s convertible
 preferred stock between third parties, and issuances of
 convertible preferred stock. In 2005, the Company recorded
 deferred stock-based compensation of 3,801,000 relating to
 options to purchase 2,238,673 shares of common stock
 granted with an exercise price less than the deemed fair value
 of the common stock, which is being amortized on a straight-line
 basis over the vesting period of the employee stock options,
 which is generally four years. The Company recorded stock-based
 compensation expense related to these stock options of 510,000,
 984,000 and 952,000 for the years ended December 31,
 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively.

The Company reversed deferred stock-based compensation related
 to the cancellation of unvested options for terminated employees
 in the amount of 21,000, 114,000 and 38,000 for the years
 ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively. At
 December 31, 2007, 1,182,000 of deferred stock-based
 compensation remained on the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheet.

Total stock-based compensation expense was classified as follows
 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations (in
 thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2006 

2007 

Cost of subscription revenues

41

203

1,502

Cost of professional services and other revenues

6

54

430

Sales and marketing

156

993

4,982

Research and development

243

563

2,615

General and administrative

64

1,345

3,935

510

3,158

13,464

Warrants 

In January 2007, a third party exercised in full a warrant to
 purchase 42,000 shares of common stock under cashless
 exercise provisions of the underlying warrant agreement
 resulting in the Company issuing 41,671 shares of common
 stock to such party.

During 2002, the Company entered into a settlement agreement
 related to outstanding notes payable that required the Company
 to issue warrants to purchase 245,495 shares of the
 Company s common stock. The warrants became exercisable on
 March 31, 2004. The fair value of the warrants of 14,730
 was calculated using the
 Black-Scholes-Merton 
 valuation method with the following assumptions: risk-free
 interest rate of 5.02 ; expected volatility of 0.7 ; no dividend
 yield; and an expected life of the warrants of ten years. The
 warrants have an exercise price of 0.40 per share and expire on
 February 26, 2012.

9. 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Litigation
 Settlement 

On February 28, 2006, the Company signed a settlement and
 patent license agreement under which it licensed all issued
 patents and pending patent applications owned or controlled by
 NetRatings, and NetRatings agreed to release all claims covered
 by a patent infringement lawsuit that it brought against the
 Company in May 2005. In return, the Company agreed to make
 periodic payments to NetRatings totaling 10,000,000 over the
 period from

F-30

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

the signing date of the agreement through December 2007. In
 accordance with the agreement, the Company was also required to
 make an additional 4,000,000 payment to NetRatings upon the
 completion of its IPO in July 2006.

In conjunction with the settlement and patent license agreement,
 the Company recorded 8,800,000 in intangible assets, net, on
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which represents
 the estimated future benefit the Company expects to obtain from
 the licenses granted under the agreement. The Company is
 amortizing this asset ratably to cost of subscription revenues
 through 2012, which represents the remaining lives of the
 primary patents.

In the event it acquires certain specified companies, the
 Company may be required to make additional license payments to
 NetRatings based on the Web analytics revenues of the acquired
 company. During 2007, the Company elected to make license
 payments to NetRatings totaling 772,000, relating to the
 acquisitions of Instadia and Touch Clarity. In addition, the
 Company has elected to make a license payment relating to the
 acquisition of Offermatica of approximately 879,000 (see
 Note 2).

Leases 

The Company leases certain equipment under capital leases. These
 capital leases generally contain a discounted buyout option at
 the end of the initial lease terms, which range between 36 and
 60 months and mature at various dates through 2010.

Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method
 over the shorter of the estimated useful life or term of each
 lease and is allocated between cost of revenues, research and
 development, sales and marketing and general and administrative
 expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
 Accumulated amortization is included in property and equipment,
 net, on the consolidated balance sheets.

Property and equipment capitalized under capital lease
 obligations were as follows (in thousands):

December 31, 

December 31, 

2006 

2007 

Gross

293

925

Less: accumulated amortization

(219

(389

Net carrying amount

74

536

The future minimum lease payments under noncancellable capital
 and operating leases at December 31, 2007 were as follows
 (in thousands):

Capital 

Operating 

Year Ending December 31, 

Leases 

Leases 

2008

279

6,627

2009

153

6,285

2010

28

4,441

2011

443

Thereafter

Total minimum lease payments

460

17,796

Less: imputed interest

(41

Present value of minimum lease payments

419

Less: current portion

(246

Capital lease obligations, less current portion

173

F-31

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006
 and 2007 was 1,102,000, 1,742,000 and 2,760,000, respectively.

Operating lease payments primarily relate to operating leases
 for computer equipment and the Company s lease of its
 principal offices in Orem, Utah, which terminates in March 2011.
 The Company has also entered into leases for office space in
 various international locations.

During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company leased
 equipment under operating leases with total future minimum lease
 payments of 10,946,000. Each lease has a thirty-six month
 initial term. At the end of the initial lease term, the Company
 generally has the option to either: (1) return the
 equipment to the lessor, (2) purchase the equipment for its
 fair market value at that date or (3) renew the lease for a
 stated number of months. As a condition of one of these lease
 agreements, the Company must not allow its cash balance to fall
 below 10,000,000 as long as this agreement is in force. Failure
 to maintain a minimum of 10,000,000 in cash would constitute an
 event of default as defined in the lease agreement.

Indemnification 

The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and
 executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses,
 judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by them in any
 action or proceeding to which any of them is, or is threatened
 to be, made a party by reason of his or her service as a
 director or officer, including any action by the Company,
 arising out of his or her services as the Company s
 director or officer or his or her services provided to any other
 company or enterprise at the Company s request.
 Historically, the Company has not been required to make payments
 under these obligations and the Company has recorded no
 liabilities for these obligations in its consolidated balance
 sheets.

Warranties 

The Company typically warrants its on-demand online business
 optimization services to perform in a manner consistent with
 general industry standards that are reasonably applicable under
 normal use and circumstances. Historically, the Company has not
 been required to make payments under these obligations, and the
 Company has recorded no liabilities for these obligations in its
 consolidated balance sheets.

The Company s warranty arrangements generally include
 certain provisions for indemnifying customers against
 liabilities if its services infringe a third party s
 intellectual property rights.

The Company has entered into service level agreements with a
 small number of its customers warranting certain levels of
 uptime reliability and permitting those customers to receive
 credits or terminate their agreements in the event that the
 Company fails to meet those levels. To date, amounts credited to
 customers pursuant to these agreements have been immaterial and
 the Company has recorded no liabilities for these obligations in
 its consolidated balance sheets.

Other
 Legal Matters 

The Company is and may become involved in various other legal
 proceedings arising from the normal course of its business
 activities. Management does not believe the ultimate disposition
 of these matters to have a material adverse impact on the
 Company s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or
 financial position. However, litigation is inherently
 unpredictable, and depending on the nature and timing of these
 proceedings, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect
 the Company s future consolidated results of operations,
 cash flows or financial position in a particular period.

F-32

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

10. 

Retirement
 Plan 

The Company offers a 401(k) plan to its employees. The Company
 matches 50 of each employee s contributions up to a
 maximum of 3 of the employee s base salary, bonuses and
 commissions. The Company made matching contributions of
 274,000, 460,000 and 1,173,000 during the years ended
 December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively.

11. 

Subsequent
 Events 

Acquisition
 of Visual Sciences, Inc. 

On October 25, 2007, the Company entered into a definitive
 agreement to acquire all of the outstanding voting stock of
 Visual Sciences, Inc. Visual Sciences ), a provider
 of on-demand Web analytics applications. The acquisition, which
 closed on January 17, 2008, was accounted for under the
 purchase method of accounting. The Company purchased Visual
 Sciences to acquire its existing customer base, key personnel
 and technology. No results of operations of Visual Sciences are
 included in the Company s results of operations for the
 year ended December 31, 2007.

The preliminary aggregate purchase price was approximately
 437,548,000, which consisted of (1) the issuance of
 10,274,000 shares of the Company s common stock upon
 closing of the acquisition, valued at approximately
 354,635,000, net of issuance costs, (2) cash consideration
 of approximately 50,110,000 paid upon closing of the
 acquisition, (3) the fair value of assumed Visual Sciences
 stock options, (4) acquisition-related costs,
 (5) restructuring charges and (6) a 2,250,000 license
 payment to NetRatings in accordance with the Settlement and
 Patent Cross-License 
 Agreement entered into by Visual Sciences with NetRatings in
 August 2007. The Company has not yet made a final determination
 of certain components of the Visual Sciences purchase price.
 Accordingly, the aggregate purchase price is still preliminary
 and subject to further adjustment as additional information
 becomes available to the Company. There can be no assurance that
 the final determination will not result in material changes from
 these preliminary amounts.

Under the terms of the acquisition, each outstanding share of
 Visual Sciences capital stock was converted into 0.49 of a share
 of the Company s common stock and 2.39 in cash. In
 connection with the acquisition, options to purchase Visual
 Sciences common stock outstanding at the time of closing were
 assumed by the Company and converted into options to purchase
 shares of Omniture common stock, based on an option exchange
 ratio pursuant to the terms of the definitive agreement. On
 February 1, 2008, the Company filed a registration
 statement on
 Form S-8 
 to register the shares of common stock issued upon the exercise
 of the assumed Visual Sciences options that are eligible to be
 registered on
 Form S-8. 
 The Company also issued approximately 99,000 shares of its
 common stock in exchange for unvested Visual Sciences restricted
 stock awards that remain subject to forfeiture based on the
 original vesting schedule applicable to such awards. The Company
 will be required to pay up to an additional approximately
 483,000 in cash consideration as these restricted stock awards
 become vested.

The fair value of Visual Sciences stock options assumed was
 estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 with market assumptions. Option pricing models require the use
 of highly subjective market assumptions, including expected
 stock price volatility, which if changed can materially affect
 fair value estimates. The more significant assumptions used in
 estimating the fair value of these stock options include
 expected volatility of 56 , expected option term of between
 0.1 years and 4.7 years based on the age of the
 original award and a risk-free interest rate of between 2.4 and
 3.0 .

F-33

Table of Contents 

Omniture,
 Inc. 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

12. 

Quarterly
 Results of Operations (Unaudited) 

Selected summarized quarterly financial information for fiscal
 2006 and 2007 is as follows:

Quarter Ended 

Mar. 31, 

June 30, 

Sept. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

Mar. 31, 

June 30, 

Sept. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

2006 

2006 

2006 

2006 

2007 (1) 

2007 (1) 

2007 (1) 

2007 (1)(2) 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Total revenues

16,436

18,824

21,028

23,461

29,153

33,479

37,382

43,113

Gross profit

9,658

11,263

12,529

14,473

18,415

20,730

23,549

27,069

Net loss

(3,406

(2,283

(1,273

(763

(2,446

(4,056

(1,100

(1,827

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

(0.24

(0.16

(0.03

(0.02

(0.05

(0.08

(0.02

(0.03

Weighted-average number of shares, basic and diluted

13,968

14,168

45,850

(4) 

47,340

47,753

49,791

57,874

(3) 

59,421

(1) 

The quarterly financial information for these periods includes
 the results of operations of Instadia and Touch Clarity from the
 date of each acquisition. 

(2) 

The quarterly financial information for this period includes the
 results of operations of Offermatica from the date of
 acquisition. 

(3) 

The weighted-average number of shares increased in the third
 quarter of 2007, primarily due to the Company s completion
 of the June 2007 Offering in which the Company sold and issued
 8,376,250 shares of its common stock at an issuance price
 of 18.15 per share. 

(4) 

The weighted-average number of shares increased in the third
 quarter of 2006, primarily due to the Company s IPO in July
 2006 in which the Company issued 10,305,000 shares of
 common stock. In addition, upon the initial closing of the IPO,
 all shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding
 automatically converted into 21,816,387 shares of common
 stock. 

F-34

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO
 EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filing 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

2

.1

Share Purchase Agreement, by and among Registrant, the
 Shareholders of Touch Clarity Limited, Paul Phillips, Helen
 Protopapas and Tim Brown, as the Warrantors, and Alta Berkeley
 LLP and Yehoshua Ennis collectively as the Shareholder
 Representative, dated February 14, 2007

8-K

000-52076

2

.1

February 20, 2007

2

.2

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Registrant,
 San Francisco Acquisition Corp., Offermatica Corporation,
 Henry Baker, as the Stockholder Representative and U.S. Bank
 National Association, as Escrow Agent, dated September 7,
 2007

8-K

000-52076

2

.1

September 12, 2007

2

.3

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Registrant,
 Voyager Acquisition Corp and Visual Sciences, Inc., dated
 October 25, 2007

10-Q

000-52076

2

.3

November 9, 2007

2

.4

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 1, 2006
 by and among WebSideStory, Inc., VS Acquisition, LLC, Visual
 Sciences, LLC and Ned Scherer, as the Member Representative

X

3

.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant
 currently in effect

10-Q

000-52076

3

.1

August 11, 2006

3

.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant currently in effect

8-K

000-52076

3

.1

November 13, 2007

4

.1

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Registrant

S-1

333-132987

4

.1

June 22, 2006

4

.2

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement between
 Registrant and certain Holders of Registrant s Common Stock
 Named therein, dated April 26, 2006

S-1

333-132987

4

.2

June 9, 2006

4

.3A

Silicon Valley Bank Second Amended and Restated Loan and
 Security Agreement, dated January 10, 2006

S-1

333-132987

4

.3

May 24, 2006

4

.3B

Silicon Valley Bank Second Amendment to Second Amended and
 Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 14, 2007

10-Q

000-52076

10

.1

May 15, 2007

4

.3C

Silicon Valley Bank Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security
 Agreement, dated August 17, 2007

8-K

000-52076

10

.1

August 21, 2007

4

.4

Registration Rights Agreement by and among Registrant and
 certain Shareholders of Touch Clarity Ltd., dated
 February 14, 2007

8-K

000-52076

4

.1

February 20, 2007

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filing 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.1 

Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between
 Registrant and its Directors and Officers

S-1

333-132987

10

.1

May 24, 2006

10

.2A 

1999 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant, as amended

S-1

333-132987

10

.2A

April 4, 2006

10

.2B 

Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Equity Incentive
 Plan

S-1

333-132987

10

.2B

April 4, 2006

10

.2C 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Equity Incentive
 Plan used for Named Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors

S-1

333-132987

10

.2C

June 9, 2006

10

.3A 

2006 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

10-K

000-52076

10

.3A

March 23, 2007

10

.3B 

Forms of Stock Option Award Agreement used under the 2006 Equity
 Incentive Plan

10-K

000-52076

10

.3B

March 23, 2007

10

.3C 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement and related forms
 under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors

10-Q

000-52076

10

.3

May 15, 2007

10

.3D 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used under the
 2006 Equity Incentive Plan

10-Q

000-52076

10

.3D

November 9, 2007

10

.3E 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Non-U.S. 
 Participants used under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan

X

10

.4A 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan of the Registrant

S-1

333-132987

10

.4A

April 4, 2006

10

.4B 

Form of Subscription Agreement under Employee Stock Purchase Plan

S-1

333-132987

10

.4B

April 4, 2006

10

.5

WebSideStory, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive
 Plan

X

10

.6

WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan and Form of
 Option Grant Agreement

X

10

.6A

Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock
 Award Agreement under WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive
 Award Plan

X

10

.7

Avivo Corporation 1999 Equity Incentive Plan and Form of Option
 Grant Agreement

X

10

.8

WebSideStory, Inc. 2006 Employment Commencement Equity Incentive
 Award Plan and Form of Option Grant Agreement

X

10

.9A

2007 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.9

February 1, 2008

10

.9B

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2007 Equity Incentive
 Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.10

February 1, 2008

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filing 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.9C

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2007 Equity
 Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.11

February 1, 2008

10

.10A

2008 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.12

February 1, 2008

10

.10B

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.13

February 1, 2008

10

.10C

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2008
 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant

S-8

333-149022

99

.14

February 1, 2008

10

.11

The Touch Clarity Limited Enterprise Management Incentives Share
 Option Plan 2002

S-8

333-141352

99

.5

March 16, 2007

10

.12

Forms of Agreements under The Touch Clarity Limited Enterprise
 Management Incentives Share Option Plan 2002

S-8

333-141352

99

.6

March 16, 2007

10

.13

Touch Clarity Limited 2006 U.S. Stock Plan

S-8

333-141352

99

.7

March 16, 2007

10

.14

Form of Stock Option Agreement under Touch Clarity Limited 2006
 U.S. Stock Plan

S-8

333-141352

99

.8

March 16, 2007

10

.15 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Registrant and
 Joshua G. James

S-1

333-132987

10

.5

June 22, 2006

10

.16 

Separation Agreement entered into between Registrant and
 John R. Pestana

10-Q

000-52076

10

.3

May 15, 2007

10

.17 

Offer Letter with Michael S. Herring, dated October 20, 2004

S-1

333-132987

10

.7

April 4, 2006

10

.18A

Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park Technology Center Office
 Building Lease Agreement between the Registrant and TCU
 Properties I, LLC

S-1

333-132987

10

.8A

April 4, 2006

10

.18B

First Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated May 6, 2004

S-1

333-132987

10

.8B

April 4, 2006

10

.18C

Second Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated
 December 8, 2004

S-1

333-132987

10

.8C

April 4, 2006

10

.18D

Third Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated April 30,
 2005

S-1

333-132987

10

.8D

April 4, 2006

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filing 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.18E

Fourth Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated May 31,
 2005

S-1

333-132987

10

.8D

April 4, 2006

10

.18F

Fifth Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU Properties I, LLC, dated
 January 25, 2006

S-1

333-132987

10

.8F

April 4, 2006

10

.18G

Sixth Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU-Canyon Park, LLC, successor in interest to
 TCU Properties I, LLC, dated January 11, 2008

X

10

.18H

Seventh Amendment to Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
 Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement between
 Registrant and TCU-Canyon Park, LLC, successor in interest to
 TCU Properties I, LLC, dated January 11, 2008

X

10

.19

Office Lease between Brannan Propco, LLC and Registrant, dated
 January 8, 2008

X

10

.20 

Settlement and Patent License Agreement by and between
 NetRatings, Inc. and Registrant, dated
 February 28, 2006

S-1

333-132987

10

.9

April 4, 2006

10

.21

NetObjects, Inc. Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated March 26,
 2002

S-1

333-132987

10

.10

May 8, 2006

10

.22 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Joshua G.
 James

S-1

333-132987

10

.12

June 22, 2006

10

.23 

Form of Change of Control Agreement entered into between
 Registrant and each of Brett M. Error and Christopher C.
 Harrington and John Mellor

S-1

333-132987

10

.14

June 22, 2006

10

.24 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Michael S.
 Herring

S-1

333-132987

10

.15

June 22, 2006

10

.25

Master Finance Lease and Lease Covenant Agreement by and between
 the Registrant and Zions Credit Corporation, dated March 2,
 2007

8-K

000-52076

10

.1

March 7, 2007

10

.26 

Settlement and Patent Cross-License Agreement dated as of
 August 17, 2007 by and between Visual Sciences, Inc.
 (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.) and NetRatings, Inc. 

X

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

Filing 

Filed 

Furnished 

No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

No. 

Date 

Herewith 

Herewith 

10

.27 

Patent Cross-License Agreement dated December 12, 2003 by
 and between WebSideStory, Inc. and NetIQ Corporation

X

10

.28A

Office Lease dated as of August 23, 1999 by and between
 WebSideStory, Inc. and LNR Seaview, Inc. 

X

10

.28B

First Amendment to Office Lease dated as of July 3, 2001 by
 and between WebSideStory, Inc. and LNR Seaview, Inc. 

X

10

.28C

Second Amendment to Office Lease dated as of December 7,
 2005 by and between WebSideStory, Inc. and Seaview PFG, LLC (as
 assignee of LNR Seaview, Inc.)

X

10

.29A

Sublease dated as of July 3, 2001 by and between
 WebSideStory, Inc. and RF Magic, Inc. 

X

10

.29B

Amendment of Sublease dated as of September 10, 2003 by and
 between WebSideStory, Inc. and RF Magic, Inc. 

X

10

.29C

Second Amendment of Sublease dated as of June 14, 2006 by
 and between WebSide Story, Inc. and RF Magic, Inc. 

X

10

.29D

Third Amendment and Assignment of Sublease dated as of
 October 8, 2007 by and among Visual Sciences, Inc.,
 (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.), RF Magic, Inc. and
 Entropic Communications, Inc. 

X

21

.1

List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant

X

23

.1

Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

X

24

.1

Power of Attorney (set forth on the signature page to this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K) 

X

31

.1

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer

X

31

.2

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer

X

32

.1

Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer

X

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract
 or arrangement in which any director or named executive officer
 of the Registrant participates. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission has granted confidential
 treatment with respect to portions of this exhibit. A complete
 copy of this exhibit has been filed separately with the
 Commission. 

<EX-2.4>
 2
 v37326exv2w4.txt
 EXHIBIT 2.4

EXHIBIT 2.4

================================================================================

 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

 DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 1, 2006

 BY AND AMONG

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 ("PARENT")

 VS ACQUISITION, LLC
 ("MERGER SUB")

 VISUAL SCIENCES, LLC,
 (THE "COMPANY")

 AND

 NED SCHERER,
 (THE "MEMBER REPRESENTATIVE")

================================================================================

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

 THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (as amended from time to time pursuant to
the terms hereof, this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of February 1,
2006 by and among WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), VS
Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Merger Sub"), Visual
Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company"), and Ned
Scherer, solely in his capacity as the Member Representative (as hereinafter
defined).

 WITNESSETH:

 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent and the respective Managers
of Merger Sub and the Company have each determined that the merger of the
Company with and into Merger Sub (the "Merger") is advisable and in the best
interests of their respective stockholders and members, such Board of Directors
and Managers have approved the Merger, Parent as the sole member of Merger Sub
has approved the Merger and the requisite Unitholders (as defined below) have
approved the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement;

 WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into
this Agreement, David Scherer and James MacIntyre have executed and delivered to
Parent an agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit A (the "Non-Competition
Agreements"), pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to refrain
from competing with Parent or the Company following consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement during the period specified therein;

 WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as a condition and inducement to the Company's willingness to enter
into this Agreement, Parent and the Unitholders have executed and delivered the
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, which agreement is in full
force and effect; and

 WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and also prescribe various
conditions to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

 AGREEMENT

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the mutual
covenants, promises and agreements hereinafter set forth, the mutual benefits to
be gained by the performance thereof, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and
accepted, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1

ARTICLE I.
 DEFINITIONS

 SECTION 1.1 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following respective meanings:

 "Accredited Investor" is defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the
Securities Act.

 "Action" means any claim, action, suit, litigation or proceeding,
arbitral action, governmental inquiry or audit, criminal prosecution or other
investigation.

 "Affiliate" means, when used with respect to a specified Person, (a)
another Person that either directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the
Person specified or (b) any director, partner or officer of such Person or, for
any Person that is a limited liability company, any manager or managing member
thereof. For purposes of this definition, "control" (and its derivatives) means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership
of equity, voting or other interests, as trustee or executor, by contract or
otherwise.

 "Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement" means an amended
and restated registration rights agreement for the benefit of certain holders of
Parent Common Stock and Parent Warrants pursuant to which certain Unitholders
will receive registration rights, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit
C.

 "Ancillary Agreements" means the Non-Competition Agreements, the
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, the Senior Notes, the Parent
Warrants and the Escrow Agreement.

 "Business" means the business and operations of the Company or Parent,
as appropriate, as currently conducted.

 "Business Day" means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other
day on which banks are required or authorized by Law or Governmental Order to be
closed in the State of New York.

 "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.

 "Class A Units" means the Class A units of membership interest in the
Company.

 "Class B Units" means the Class B units of membership interest in the
Company.

 "Class C Units" means the Class C units of membership interest in the
Company.

2

"Closing Date Payment Amount" means 52,500,000 (Fifty-Two Million
Five Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars) less any Transaction Expenses that Parent
pays on behalf of the Company pursuant to Section 7.7.

 "Closing Dividend" means a special cash distribution to the
Unitholders pro rata in respect of their outstanding Units that may be made by
the Company, at the sole discretion of the Managers of the Company, prior to
Closing from that portion, if any, of the Company's cash and cash equivalents
that exceeds 2,000,000 (Two Million U.S. Dollars), after taking into account
all Transaction Expenses to be paid at or prior to the Closing. Such dividend
will be in addition to any distribution made by the Company with respect to
taxes payable by Unitholders with respect to taxable income for 2005.

 "COBRA" means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985, as amended.

 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

 "Company Benefit Plan" means any plan, program, policy, practice,
Contract or other arrangement providing for compensation, severance, termination
pay, deferred compensation, performance awards, Units or Unit-related awards,
other equity-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or
remuneration of any kind, whether written or unwritten, funded or unfunded,
including each "employee benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(3) of
ERISA, which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of the Company maintains,
administers, contributes to or is required to contribute to, or maintained,
administered, contributed to or was required to contribute to, or under or with
respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of the Company has or may
have any liability or obligation.

 "Company Employee" means an employee of the Company.

 "Company Intellectual Property" means, collectively, (i) Trademarks,
Patents, Company Copyrights, Domain Names and Trade Secrets, as those terms are
defined in Section 5.13 of this Agreement and (ii) any proprietary interest in
or to any documents or other tangible media containing any of the foregoing
owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company.

 "Company Material Adverse Effect" means a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to the Company.

 "Company Option Plan" means The VYSICS, LLC 2001 Equity Incentive
Plan, as amended through immediately prior to the Effective Time.

 "Company Option" means an option to purchase Class A Units, whether
vested or unvested, granted pursuant to the Company Option Plan that is
outstanding, unexercised and unexpired immediately prior to the Closing.

 "Confidentiality Agreement" means the Non-Disclosure Agreement between
Parent and the Company, dated as of August 3, 2005.

3

"Consent" means any consent, approval, authorization, clearance,
novation or waiver by any Person under any Contract, Law, Permit or Governmental
Order.

 "Contract" means any contract (including subcontracts), agreement,
indenture, note, bond, loan, instrument, lease, conditional sales contract,
mortgage, license, franchise agreement, commitment, obligation, understanding or
undertaking, whether written or oral.

 "Debt" means any amount owed (including, without limitation, unpaid
interest and fees thereon) in respect of (i) borrowed money and (ii) capitalized
lease obligations; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Debt
shall not be deemed to include any accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business or any undrawn letters of credit.

 "Default" means (a) any breach or violation of, default under,
contravention of, or conflict with, any Contract, Law, Governmental Order or
Permit, (b) any occurrence of any event that with the passage of time or the
giving of notice or both would constitute a breach or violation of, default
under, contravention of, or conflict with, any Contract, Law, Governmental Order
or Permit, or (c) any occurrence of any event that with or without the passage
of time or the giving of notice would give rise to a right of any Person to
exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, to terminate or revoke, suspend,
cancel, or materially modify or change the current terms of, or renegotiate, or
to accelerate the maturity or performance of, or to increase or impose any
Liability under, any Contract, Law, Governmental Order or Permit.

 "DLLCA" means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act.

 "Encumbrance" means any security interest, pledge, mortgage, lien,
charge, adverse claim of ownership or use, restriction on transfer (such as a
right of first refusal or other similar rights), defect of title, or other
encumbrance of any kind or character.

 "Environmental Law" means any Law pertaining to land use, air, soil,
surface water, groundwater (including the protection, cleanup, removal,
remediation or damage thereof), public or employee health or safety or any other
environmental matter, including, without limitation, the following laws as in
effect on the Closing Date: (i) Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. Section 7401, et seq.);
(ii) Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. Section 1251, et seq.); (iii) Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq.); (iv)
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (42 U.S.C.
Section 9601, et seq.); (v) Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. Section 300f, et
seq.); (vi) Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. Section 2601, et seq.);
(vii) Rivers and Harbors Act (33 U.S.C. Section 401, et seq.); (viii) Endangered
Species Act (16 U.S.C. Section 1531, et seq.); (ix) Occupational Safety and
Health Act (29 U.S.C. Section 651, et seq.); and (x) any other Law relating to
Hazardous Materials or Hazardous Materials Activities.

 "Environmental Permit" means any permit, approval, identification
number, license and other authorization required under any applicable
Environmental Law.

 "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, any successor statute thereto, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

 "ERISA Affiliate" of any Person means any entity that is, or at any
relevant time was, a member of (i) a controlled group of corporations (as
defined in Section 414(b) of the

4

Internal Revenue Code), (ii) a group of trades or businesses under common
control (as defined in Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code) or (iii) an
affiliated service group (as defined under Section 414(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code or the regulations under Section 414(o) of the Internal Revenue
Code) with such Person.

 "Escrow Fund" means the Escrowed Common Stock.

 "Escrowed Common Stock" means the 568,512 shares of Parent Common
Stock to be held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to Article III.

 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 "Fully Diluted Number of Units" means the aggregate number of Units
issued and outstanding as of the Closing and Class A Units issuable pursuant to
vested Company Options outstanding immediately prior to the Closing.

 "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States.

 "Governmental Authority" means any government, any governmental
entity, department, commission, board, agency or instrumentality, and any court,
tribunal, or judicial body, whether federal, state, county, local or foreign.

 "Governmental Order" means any order, judgment, injunction, decree,
stipulation or determination issued, promulgated or entered by or with any
Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction.

 "Hazardous Material" means any material or substance that is
prohibited or regulated by any Environmental Law or that has been designated by
any Governmental Authority to be toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to
health, reproduction or the environment, including asbestos, petroleum, radon
gas, and radioactive matter.

 "Hazardous Materials Activity" means the handling, transportation,
transfer, recycling, storage, use, treatment, manufacture, investigation,
removal, remediation, release, exposure of others to, sale, or distribution of
any Hazardous Material or any product containing a Hazardous Material.

 "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service, and any
successor agency thereto.

 "Knowledge of the Company" or "known to the Company" and any other
phrases of similar import means, with respect to any matter in question relating
to the Company, the actual knowledge of James MacIntyre, David Scherer, Lisa
Howe or Nicholas Lavezzo.

 "Law" means any federal, state, county, local or foreign statute, law,
ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order or rule of common law.

5

"Liability" means any and all debts, liabilities and obligations of
any kind or nature, whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or
unmatured, or determined or determinable.

 "Manager" means those Persons who are from time to time Managers of
the Company in accordance with the terms of the Operating Agreement.

 "Material Adverse Effect" as to any party means any change or effect
that is materially adverse to the assets (including intangible assets),
Liabilities, business, financial condition or results of operations of such
party or which would materially impair the ability of such party to perform its
obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, except for any such changes or effects resulting directly or
indirectly from: (i) changes in the industry in which such party operates, which
changes do not disproportionately affect such party relative to other
participants in such industry in any material respect; (ii) changes in general
economic conditions worldwide or in one country or region where such party has
significant operations or sales; (iii) (A) the announcement or pendency of any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (B) legal, accounting, or
other professional fees or expenses (other than investment banking or broker
fees) incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (C) the payment of any amounts due to, or the provision of any other
benefits to, any officers or employees under employment contracts,
non-competition agreements, employee benefit plans, severance arrangements or
other arrangements in existence as of the date of this Agreement and disclosed
in a Disclosure Schedule, (D) any change in accounting requirements or
principles or any change in applicable laws, rules or regulations or the
interpretation thereof, provided such changes do not disproportionately affect
such party relative to the other participants in such party's industry in any
material respect; or (iv) any acts of terrorism not directed at such party's
facilities or the outbreak of war (whether or not declared).

 "Multiemployer Plan" means any "multiemployer plan," as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) or 3(37) of ERISA.

 "Optionholder" means a holder of one or more Company Options as of
immediately prior to the Closing, whether or not such Company Options are
vested.

 "Overtly Threatened" means that a potential claimant has manifested an
awareness of and present intention to assert a possible claim or assessment.

 "Parent Common Stock" means the common stock, 0.001 par value per
share, of Parent.

 "Parent Common Stock Price" means 18.4685 per share.

 "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to Parent.

 "Parent Warrant" means any of the warrants to purchase Parent Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to Article III.

6

"Pension Plan" means any "employee pension benefit plan" as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan).

 "Permitted Encumbrances" means (i) all statutory or other liens for
Taxes or assessments which are not yet due or delinquent, (ii) all cashiers',
landlords', workmen's, repairmen's, warehousemen's and carriers' liens and other
similar liens imposed by Law incurred in the ordinary course of business, and
(iii) all leases, subleases, licenses, concessions or service contracts to which
the Company is a party in the ordinary course of business.

 "Performance Plan Shares" means that number of shares of Parent Common
Stock equal to (i) 3,500,000 (Three Million Five Hundred Thousand U.S.
Dollars), divided by (ii) Parent Common Stock Price.

 "Person" means any natural person or any legal, commercial or
governmental entity such as, but not limited to, any general or limited
partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, joint
venture, trust, unincorporated organization or person acting in a representative
capacity, as well as any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person
under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, any successor statutes thereto, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 "Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to each Unitholder, an amount
equal to the quotient of (i) all Units held by such Person immediately prior to
the Closing, divided by (ii) the Adjusted Fully Diluted Number of Units.

 "Representative" means, with respect to a Person, any one or more of
its officers, directors, managers, members, employees, representatives and
agents.

 "Residuals" means information in non-tangible form that may be
retained by individuals who have had authorized access to the Company
Intellectual Property, including ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques
contained therein.

 "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 "Senior Notes" means the unsecured promissory notes in the aggregate
principal amount of 20,000,000 (Twenty Million U.S. Dollars), each
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

 "Software" means individually each, and collectively all, of the
computer programs, including interfaces and any embedded software programs or
applications, owned or licensed by the Company and used in the Company's
Business, including as to each program, the processes and routines used in the
processing of data, the object code, source code (as to third-party source code,
when rights to the source code may be obtained), tapes, disks, and all
improvements, modifications, enhancements, versions and releases relating
thereto.

 "Subsidiary" means, any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any other Subsidiary
of such party is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the general
partnership interests of which held by such party or any Subsidiary of such
party do not have a majority of the voting interests in such partnership) or

7

(ii) at least a majority of the securities or other interests of which having by
their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors
or others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or by
any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of its
Subsidiaries.

 "Tax" means any income, gross receipts, sales, use, occupancy, ad
valorum, transfer, real estate, gains, excise, employment, franchise, profits,
property, capital stock, premium, minimum and alternative minimum or other
taxes, fees, stamp taxes and duties, assessments, levies, fees or charges of any
kind whatsoever (whether payable directly or by withholding), together with any
interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by
any Taxing Authority with respect thereto.

 "Tax Return" means a report, return, declaration or other information
or statement required to be supplied to a Taxing Authority with respect to any
Tax, including any claim for refund of any Tax.

 "Taxing Authority" means any Governmental Authority responsible for
the imposition or collection of any Tax.

 "Transaction Expenses" means the amount of all fees, costs and
expenses that have been incurred or that are incurred by the Company in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including any
fees, costs or expenses payable to the Company's outside legal counsel or to any
financial advisor, accountant or other Person who performed services for or on
behalf of the Company, or who is otherwise entitled to any compensation from the
Company, in connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (except for salaries and other compensation paid
or payable to employees of the Company and fees (including accounting fees)
payable to service providers, in each case unrelated to this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and arising only in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice), but not including (x) any and
all premiums, fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company, or for which the
Company has become obligated, prior to the Closing in connection with the
purchase of any directors' and officers' liability insurance tail policy, such
premiums, fees, costs and expenses not to exceed 40,000 in the aggregate or (y)
any fees, costs or expenses payable with respect to the audit of the Company's
financial statements for the year 2005, including without limitation those
incurred by BDO Seidman, LLP and work done by third parties in support thereof,
such fees, costs and expenses not to exceed 100,000 in the aggregate.

 "Units" means, collectively, the Class A Units, the Class B Units and
the Class C Units.

 "Unitholder" means a Person who holds any Units.

 "Unpaid Transaction Expenses" means any Transaction Expenses incurred
by the Company or for which the Company is otherwise liable that have not been
paid in full at or prior to the Closing.

8

"User Data" means, to the extent collected or acquired by or on behalf
of the Company: (w) all data related to impression and "click through" activity
of users, including user identification and associated activities at a web site
as well as pings and activity related to closed loop reporting and all other
data associated with a user's behavior on the Internet, including without
limitation all e-mail lists or other user information acquired by the Company
directly or indirectly from a third party that collected such information, (x)
all data that contains a personal element allowing for the identification of a
natural person, (y) known, assumed or inferred information or attributes about a
user or identifier, and (z) all derivatives and aggregations of (w), (x) and
(y), including user profiles.

 "Welfare Plan" means any "employee welfare benefit plan" as defined in
Section 3(1) of ERISA.

 SECTION 1.2 Certain Additional Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the
respective sections of this Agreement set forth opposite each such term below:

Term Section
- ---- -------
 
Accounting Firm 3.9(b)
Accounts Receivable 5.5(c)
Adjusted Closing Date Payment Amount 3.3(a)(i)
Agreement Preamble
Article IX Indemnified Parties 9.2
Article IX Indemnity Notice 9.3(a)
Audited Company Financial Statements 5.5(a)
Cash 3.9(a)
Certificate of Formation 5.1
Certificate of Merger 2.3
Closing Certificate 3.7
Claim Notice 8.3(a)
Closing 2.2
Closing Date 2.2
Company Preamble
Company Assets 5.12
Company Benefit Plan(s) 5.14
Company Copyrights 5.13(d)
Company Disclosure Schedule Article V Preamble
Company Financial Statements 5.5(a)
Company Inbound License Agreements 5.13(f)
Company Indemnified Parties 7.2(b)
Company Insurance Policies 5.17
Company Outbound License Agreements 5.13(f)
Consents 5.4(c)
Content 5.13(g)
Copyrights 5.13(a)
Deductible Amount 8.4
Domain Names 5.13(a)

9

Term Section
- ---- -------
 
Effective Time 2.3
Escrow Agent 3.2
Escrow Agreement 3.2
Final Closing Amount 3.9(b)
Incentive Option Pool 7.8
Indemnified Party 8.3(a)
Indemnity Notice 8.3(d)
Investment Company Act 5.24
Losses 8.2(a)
Majority Unitholders 8.8(a)
Member Consent 5.25(a)
Member Representative 8.8(a)
Merger Sub Preamble
Non-Competition Agreements Recitals
Operating Agreement 5.1
Parent Benefit Plans 7.3(a)
Parent Disclosure Schedule Article VI Preamble
Parent Indemnified Parties 8.2(a)
Parent SEC Filings 6.7
Parent Subsidiaries 6.4
Patents 5.13(a)
Payment Fund 4.1(a)
Permit 5.10
Privacy Policies 5.13(o)
Scheduled Contracts 5.7
SEC 6.7
Survival Period 8.1
Surviving Company 2.1
Third Party Claim 8.3(a)
Trademarks 5.13(a)
Trade Secrets 5.13(e)
Transaction Expenses List 7.7
Unaudited Company Balance Sheet 5.5(a)
Unaudited Company Financial Statements 5.5(a)
Valuation 7.4(a)

ARTICLE II.
 THE MERGER

 SECTION 2.1 Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof,
and in accordance with the DLLCA, the Company shall be merged with and into
Merger Sub at the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined). Following the Merger,
the separate existence of the Company shall cease. Merger Sub shall continue as
the surviving limited liability company following the Merger (the "Surviving
Company") and shall succeed to and assume all the rights

10

and obligations of the Company in accordance with the DLLCA. The separate
existence of Merger Sub, with all of its rights, privileges, immunities, powers
and franchises, shall continue unaffected by the Merger.

 SECTION 2.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take
place at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 12636 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400,
San Diego, California 92130 immediately after the signing of this Agreement or
at such other date and place as Parent and the Company shall agree in writing
(such date hereinafter, the "Closing Date").

 SECTION 2.3 Effective Time. The Merger shall become effective when the
Certificate of Merger (the "Certificate of Merger"), executed in accordance with
the relevant provisions of the DLLCA, is accepted for record by the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware. When used in this Agreement, the term "Effective
Time" means the later of the date and time at which the Certificate of Merger is
accepted for record or the date and time established by the Certificate of
Merger.

 SECTION 2.4 Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the
Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DLLCA, including without
limitation, the effects set forth in Section 18-209(g) of the DLLCA.

 SECTION 2.5 Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement; Manager and
Officers.

 (a) At the Effective Time, the Operating Agreement of the Surviving
Company shall be amended to read in form and substance substantially the same as
Exhibit E hereto, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or
applicable Law.

 (b) The officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the officers of the Surviving Company as of the Effective Time, until
the earlier of their resignation or removal or otherwise ceasing to be an
officer or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as
the case may be. As the sole member of the Surviving Company, Parent shall be
the managing member of the Surviving Company.

 ARTICLE III.
 CONVERSION OF SECURITIES

 SECTION 3.1 Conversion of Securities.

 (a) As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the holder of any Units or any outstanding units of
membership interest in Merger Sub:

 (i) Each Unit, if any, that is held in the treasury of the
Company or by any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company shall be cancelled and
retired and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

 (ii) Each Unit (whether a Class A Unit, Class B Unit or Class C
Unit) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
Units to be cancelled in accordance with Section 3.1(a)(i)) shall be converted,
pursuant to Article IV, at the Effective

11

Time into the right to receive from Parent: (A) an amount in cash, without
interest, equal to the Closing Date Payment Amount plus the aggregate exercise
price of all vested Company Options that were outstanding as of January 31, 2006
but were exercised between January 31, 2006 and the Closing less the aggregate
amount of cash to be received by holders of vested Company Options pursuant to
Section 3.3(a)(i), less 20,000,000 (i.e., the original principal amount of the
Senior Notes), less 10,500,000 (i.e., the initial value of the Escrowed Common
Stock); plus (B) Senior Notes in the original principal amount equal to
 20,000,000 (Twenty Million U.S. Dollars); plus (C) the total number of shares
of Escrowed Common Stock required to be disbursed from the Escrow Fund in
accordance with the Escrow Agreement (as and when any such disbursements are
required to be made); plus (D) Parent Warrants exercisable for the total number
of shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to Section 3.6,
in the case of each of such clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D), divided by the number
of Units outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.

All such Units, when so converted, shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be cancelled and retired, and each Unitholder shall cease to have
any rights with respect to such Units, except the right to receive the
consideration provided for herein.

 (b) Issued and outstanding units of membership interest in Merger Sub
shall remain outstanding and not be affected by the Merger.

 SECTION 3.2 Escrow. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement (i) Parent, the escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent") and the Member
Representative shall execute the escrow agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit F (the "Escrow Agreement") and (ii) Parent shall
deposit with the Escrow Agent, the Escrow Fund, for disbursement in accordance
with the terms of the Escrow Agreement. Each Unitholder holding Units shall be
entitled to receive his, her or its proportionate share of distributions of
Escrowed Common Stock (or proceeds thereof) from the Escrow Fund in respect of
each such Unit at such times and in the manner set forth in the Escrow
Agreement. The parties intend for federal income tax purposes, that property
held by the Escrow Agent shall be treated as delivered to recipient Unitholders
at the time such property is distributed to them from escrow (and not at the
time of deposit into escrow).

 SECTION 3.3 Cancellation of Company Options.

 (a) The Managers of the Company have taken such actions as are
necessary to provide that:

 (i) each vested Company Option outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall, in accordance with the Company Option Plan, be
cancelled, terminated and extinguished immediately prior to the Effective Time
in exchange for the right to receive from Parent an amount in cash, without
interest, equal to (A) the number of Class A Units issuable pursuant to such
vested Company Option, multiplied by (B) (x) the sum of the Closing Date Payment
Amount plus the aggregate exercise price of all vested Company Options
outstanding as of January 31, 2006 (such sum, the "Adjusted Closing Date Payment
Amount") divided by (y) the Fully Diluted Number of Units, provided, that the
cash consideration payable pursuant to this

12

subsection (i) shall be reduced by the amount of the aggregate exercise price
for the Class A Units issuable pursuant to such vested Company Option;

 (ii) each unvested Company Option outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall, in accordance with the Company Option Plan, be
cancelled, terminated and extinguished immediately prior to the Effective Time
in exchange for the right to receive from Parent a restricted stock award as set
forth in Section 3.4; and

 (iii) the Company shall take or cause to be taken all actions
required to effect the terminations and cancellations set forth in this Section
3.3(a) and the Company Option Plan shall terminate immediately prior to the
Effective Time.

 (b) Upon the cancellation of each Company Option, whether vested or
unvested, each Optionholder shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
except the right to receive from Parent the consideration payable with respect
thereto pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(i) or Section 3.3(a)(ii), as applicable.

 SECTION 3.4 Restricted Stock Performance Plan.

 (a) Parent has set aside the pool of Performance Plan Shares of Parent
Common Stock for grants of restricted stock awards to the holders of unvested
Company Options immediately prior to the Closing that are cancelled pursuant to
Section 3.3(a)(ii) and others as indicated on Schedule 3.4(a). The number of
Performance Plan Shares to be allocated to each recipient as of the Closing is
set forth on Schedule 3.4(a). Each such restricted stock award shall vest
according to the vesting schedule set forth on Schedule 3.4(a).

 (b) All such restricted stock awards shall otherwise be subject to the
terms and conditions of Parent's 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan and form of
Restricted Stock Award Agreement and such other terms and conditions as have
been established by Parent's Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee
thereof. Parent and its Board of Directors shall take such actions as are
necessary or appropriate to effect such restricted stock awards as promptly as
practicable after the Closing.

 SECTION 3.5 Withholding Rights. Each of the Company, Parent, and the Escrow
Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement to any Unitholder or Optionholder holding
vested Company Options such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold
with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any provision of
state, local or foreign Tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by
the Company, Parent or the Escrow Agent, as the case may be, such withheld
amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid
to the Unitholder or Optionholder, as applicable, in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made.

 SECTION 3.6 Reservation of Warrant Stock. 1,082,923 shares of Parent Common
Stock have been duly reserved for future issuance upon the exercise of Parent
Warrants issuable pursuant to this Article III. When issued upon exercise of
Parent Warrants in exchange for payment of the exercise price therefor, such
shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

13

SECTION 3.7 Closing Certificate. The Company has provided to Parent a
certificate, duly executed by an officer of the Company (the "Closing
Certificate"), pursuant to which the Company certifies and represents and
warrants to Parent as to the following amounts and provides documents supporting
such amounts: (1) the name and address of record of each Person who is a
Unitholder immediately prior to the Effective Time; (2) the name and address of
each Optionholder immediately prior to the Effective Time, and with respect to
Company Options held by each such Person, the number of Class A Units subject to
such Company Options (after giving effect to any exercises of Company Options
occurring prior to the Effective Time), the vesting schedule of such Company
Options and the per Unit exercise price with respect to such Company Options;
(3) the number (on a per class basis) of Units held by each Unitholder
immediately prior to the Effective Time; (4) the amount of cash, the number of
Parent Warrants and the principal amount of Senior Notes that each such
Unitholder is entitled to receive in connection with the Closing pursuant to
Section 3.1(a)(ii); (5) the amount of cash that each such Optionholder is
entitled to receive with respect to his or her vested Company Options in
connection with the Closing pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(i); and (6) the number of
shares of Escrowed Common Stock to be deposited in the Escrow Fund by Parent
pursuant to Section 3.2, and each Unitholder's Pro Rata Share of the Escrow
Fund.

 SECTION 3.8 Payment by Parent. Parent shall make all payments required by
Section 3.3 concurrently with the Effective Time either directly or by
depositing the cash and securities to be distributed hereunder with the
Surviving Company's payroll service or any combination thereof.

 SECTION 3.9 Closing Cash Adjustment.

 (a) The "Closing Cash Adjustment," if any, shall mean the positive
difference, if any, between (x) 2,000,000 (Two Million U.S. Dollars) less (y)
the amount of the Company's cash and cash equivalents ("Cash") as of the close
of business on the Closing Date.

 (b) Post-Closing Determination. As promptly as practicable, but in no
event later than sixty (60) days after the Closing, Parent shall deliver to the
Member Representative Parent's determination of the actual amounts of Cash of
the Company as of the close of business on the Closing Date (the "Final Closing
Amount"). The Final Closing Amount shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP,
based on the Company's books and records and other information then available.
The Final Closing Amount shall take into account the Closing Dividend, if any,
paid to the Company's Members prior to the Closing and all Transaction Expenses
paid at or prior to the Closing. Parent shall provide access to and make
reasonably available to the Member Representative and its agents, advisors and
representatives all books, records, work papers, schedules and calculations used
in preparing Parent's determination of the Final Closing Amount. If the Member
Representative disagrees with Parent's determination of the Final Closing
Amount, the Member Representative shall, within ten (10) days after receipt of
Parent's determination of the Final Closing Amount, notify Parent in writing of
such disagreement (such notice setting forth the basis for such disagreement in
reasonable detail) and Parent and the Member Representative thereafter shall
negotiate to resolve any such disagreement. If Parent and the Member
Representative are unable to resolve any such disagreement within twenty (20)
days after the Member Representative delivers its notice of disagreement to
Parent, the Member Representative and Parent shall submit the dispute to
Deloitte & Touche LLP (the "Accounting

14

Firm"). Parent and the Member Representative shall use reasonable efforts to
cause the Accounting Firm to resolve all disagreements over the Final Closing
Amount as soon as practicable, but in any event within thirty (30) days after
submission of the dispute to the Accounting Firm. Parent and the Member
Representative shall instruct the Accounting Firm to resolve all disagreements
over the computations of the Final Closing Amount at an amount determined by the
Member Representative or at an amount determined by Parent or at any amount
between such amounts. The resolution of such disagreements and the determination
of the Final Closing Amount by the Accounting Firm shall be final and binding on
Parent, the Member Representative and the Members. Parent and the Member
Representative (on behalf of the Members) shall each pay one half of the fees
and expenses of the Accounting Firm.

 (c) Post-Closing Adjustment. In the event there is a Closing Cash
Adjustment, then Parent may give written notice to the Escrow Agent and the
Member Representative asserting a claim against the Escrow Fund in the full
amount of such adjustment, without regard to the Deductible Amount.

 (d) Ordinary Course Operations by the Company. On the Closing Date
after the Closing, the Company shall not at any time during such period (i)
accelerate or delay in any material respect the collection of any account
receivable in advance of or beyond its regular due date or the date on which the
same would have been collected in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, (ii) delay or accelerate in any material respect the payment
of any account payable in advance of its due date or the date such liability
would have been paid in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or (iii) make any loans or distributions to the members of the Company
or the Surviving Company or their respective Affiliates.

 SECTION 3.10 Total Cash Consideration. In no event shall the total amount
of cash distributed by parent pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.3 exceed
 22,000,000.

 ARTICLE IV.
 EXCHANGE OF UNITS

 SECTION 4.1 Exchange of Units.

 (a) Payment Fund. Subject to Section 4.1(b), following the Closing,
Parent shall (i) issue and deliver Parent Warrants issuable pursuant to Section
3.1(a)(ii), (ii) issue and deliver Senior Notes pursuant to Section 3.1(a), and
(iii) deliver cash deliverable pursuant to Section 3.1(a), in each case in
exchange for Units (the Parent Warrants, the Senior Notes, and the cash
delivered pursuant to Section 3.1(a) being hereinafter referred to as the
"Payment Fund"). Except as contemplated by Section 4.1(f) hereof, the Payment
Fund shall not be used for any other purpose.

 (b) Exchange Procedures. Promptly following the date of this
Agreement, the Surviving Company shall deliver to each Unitholder (other than
with respect to Units to be canceled or retired pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(i)),
(i) a letter of transmittal in a form and having such provisions as Parent and
the Company have agreed and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender
of the Units in exchange for the consideration provided herein. Upon delivery of
a letter of transmittal to Parent, duly executed, and such other documents as
may reasonably be

15

required by Parent, the Unitholder shall receive the amount of consideration
into which such Units shall have been converted pursuant to Section 3.1(a). No
interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable between the date of
submission of the letter of transmittal and payment with respect thereto by
Parent. If payment is to be made to a person or entity other than the registered
holder of a Unit, it shall be a condition of payment that the Unitholder
requesting such payment follow the reasonable procedures requested by Parent and
that the Person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes
required by reason of such request or establish to the satisfaction of Parent
that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Parent shall cause all cash,
Senior Notes and Parent Warrants payable with respect to any Unit to be
delivered to each former Unitholder no later than two (2) Business Days after
Parent's receipt of the executed and delivered letter of transmittal in proper
form.

 (c) No Liability. None of Parent, the Company or any party hereto
shall be liable to any holder of Units for any shares of Parent Common Stock (or
dividends or distributions with respect thereto), Parent Warrants, Senior Notes
or cash or interest from the Payment Fund delivered to a public official
pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. Persons who prior to
the Merger held Units shall look only to Parent (subject to the terms of this
Agreement and abandoned property, escheat and other similar laws) with respect
to any consideration that may be payable upon due surrender of the Units held by
them, without interest.

 (d) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares of Parent Common
Stock. No dividends or other distributions declared or made after the Effective
Time with respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective
Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Unit with respect to the
shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby, unless and until the holder
of such Unit shall have delivered a properly executed letter of transmittal to
Parent.

 (e) Fractional Shares. No certificates, scrip or book-entries
representing fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued in
connection with the Merger, no dividend or distribution with respect to Parent
Common Stock shall be payable on or with respect to any fractional share and
such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to any rights
of a stockholder of Parent, in lieu of such fractional shares, after aggregating
all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to any holder, such holder
shall be issued a number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock rounded down to
the next whole share. The fractional share determination shall be made
individually for each Unitholder. Each Parent Warrant initially shall be
exercisable for the number of shares of Parent Common Stock determined in
accordance with Section 3.1(a)(ii), rounded up or down to the nearest whole
share.

 (f) Termination of Payment Fund. Any portion of the Payment Fund which
remains undistributed to the Unitholders for twelve (12) months after the
Effective Time shall be retained by Parent without restriction, and any
Unitholders who have not theretofore complied with this Article IV shall
thereafter look only to Parent for the shares of Parent Common Stock, Senior
Notes, Parent Warrants, cash deliverable pursuant to Section 3.1(a) to which
they are entitled pursuant to Section 4.1(e), in each case, without any interest
thereon, and any disbursements required to be made from the Escrow Fund pursuant
to the terms of the Escrow Agreement.

16

SECTION 4.2 No Further Ownership Rights in Units; Closing of Company
Transfer Books. At and after the Effective Time, each Unitholder shall cease to
have any rights as a Unitholder, except the right to surrender his, her or its
Units in exchange for payment of the consideration specified herein and no
transfer of Units shall be made on the Unit transfer books of the Company. At
the Effective Time, the Unit transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and
no transfer of Units shall thereafter be made.

 SECTION 4.3 Further Assurances. At and after the Effective Time, the
officers and Managers of the Company will be authorized to execute and deliver,
in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of
sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of
the Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Company any and all right, title
and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets acquired
or to be acquired by the Surviving Company as a result of, or in connection
with, the Merger.

 ARTICLE V.
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

 Except as set forth in the written disclosure schedule dated as of the
date of this Agreement and previously delivered by the Company to Parent (the
"Company Disclosure Schedule") (it being understood that the Company Disclosure
Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the sections contained
in this Agreement, and the disclosures in any section of the Company Disclosure
Schedule shall qualify the representations in the corresponding section of this
Article V and shall be deemed made in any other section or sections of the
Company Disclosure Schedule where the relevance of such disclosures is
reasonably apparent from the text of such disclosure), the Company hereby
represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

 SECTION 5.1 Organization. The Company is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of
Delaware, and has all requisite limited liability company power and authority to
own, operate or lease the properties and assets now owned, operated or leased by
it, and to carry on its Business in all material respects as currently
conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business, and is in good
standing, under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. True and complete
copies of the Certificate of Formation (the "Certificate of Formation") and
Operating Agreement of the Company (the "Operating Agreement"), each as amended
and in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have been made available to
Parent. The Company is not in material violation of any of the provisions of the
Certificate of Formation or Operating Agreement. True and complete copies of all
minutes of meetings (and consents in lieu thereof) of the Company's Unitholders
and of its Managers have been made available by the Company to Parent.

 SECTION 5.2 Capitalization.

 (a) As of the date of this Agreement, 755,000 uncertificated Class A
Units are issued and outstanding, 20,000,000 uncertificated Class B Units are
issued and outstanding and 12,188,690 uncertificated Class C Units are issued
and outstanding. Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence or on
the Closing Certificate, no other equity securities of

17

the Company are issued or outstanding. All such issued and outstanding Units
have been duly authorized and validly issued, and were not issued in violation
of any preemptive or similar rights created by statute, the Certificate of
Formation, the Operating Agreement or any agreement to which the Company is a
party or by which it is bound. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and assuming Parent's payment of the consideration payable pursuant to Article
III, Parent will acquire good and marketable title to all of the issued and
outstanding Units as of the Closing, free and clear of all Encumbrances. The
Closing Certificate sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, the name of
each Unitholder, his, her or its address of record and the number and class of
Units held of record by each such Unitholder. There are no accrued or unpaid
dividends or distributions with respect to any issued and outstanding Units. At
the Closing, the holders of the Units shall have no claims against Parent (other
than a claim for payment of the consideration payable pursuant to Article III)
or the Company or their respective Affiliates, Managers, officers, directors,
stockholders or Unitholders with respect to such Units.

 (b) As of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in the
Closing Certificate, there are (i) no outstanding options, warrants, calls,
rights of conversion or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any kind or character, whether written or oral, relating to the Units to which
the Company is a party, or by which it is bound, obligating the Company to
issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any Units, and
(ii) no outstanding or authorized Unit appreciation, phantom Unit, profit
participation, or other similar rights with respect to the Company. Each Company
Option was issued pursuant to and in accordance with the documents listed on
Section 5.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. At the Closing, all
outstanding Company Options shall be extinguished and, except for the right to
receive the consideration payable pursuant to Article III, the holders of vested
and unvested Company Options shall have no claims against Parent or the Company
or their respective Affiliates, Managers, officers, directors or Unitholders
with respect to such Company Options.

 (c) As of the date of this Agreement and except as set forth in
Section 5.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are (i) no rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any kind or character, whether
written or oral, relating to the Units to which the Company is a party, or by
which it is bound, obligating the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any issued and outstanding Units; (ii) no voting agreements, member
agreements, proxies or other agreements or understandings in effect to which the
Company is a party, or by which it is bound, with respect to the governance of
the Company or the voting or transfer of any Units and (iii) no rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any kind or character, whether
written or oral, granting any right of first refusal with respect to, or any
preemptive or antidilutive right with respect to, any Units.

 SECTION 5.3 Subsidiaries. The Company has never had and it does not
currently have any Subsidiaries. There are no other Persons in which the Company
owns, of record or beneficially, any direct or indirect equity interest or any
right (contingent or otherwise) to acquire any equity interest, other than
investment securities in which cash in excess of that needed for the Company's
operations is invested. The Company is not a member of any partnership or
limited liability company, nor is the Company a participant in any joint venture
or similar arrangement constituting a legal entity.

 SECTION 5.4 Authorization; No Conflicts

18

(a) The Company has full power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party, to perform
its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a party and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
and validly approved by the Company's Managers and Unitholders and no other
limited liability company proceedings on the part of the Company and its
Managers and Unitholders are necessary to approve this Agreement or the
Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a party or to authorize or
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a party have been duly and
validly executed and delivered by the Company and (assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements to which the Company is a party by each of the other parties hereto
and thereto) constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms,
except as the enforceability thereof may be subject to or limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws relating to or affecting
the rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable relief
(whether in proceedings at law or in equity).

 (b) Assuming the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and that those consents,
authorizations, filings, notifications and other actions set forth on Section
5.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule have been obtained or made, neither
the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements to which the Company is a party nor the consummation by the Company
of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by the
Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) violate
any provision of the Certificate of Formation or Operating Agreement or (ii)
violate, conflict with or require any notice, filing, consent, waiver or
approval under any material Law to which the Company or any of its properties,
contracts or assets are subject.

 (c) Set forth on Section 5.4(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is
a list of each consent, notice, approval or waiver under any material Contract
to which the Company is a party, or by which the Company or any of its
properties or assets may be bound, which is required in order for the Company to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to comply with any
of the terms or provisions hereof or (y) where consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in the absence of such consent, notice, approval
or waiver would violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of
or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with
or without notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under,
result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under,
result in the creation of any Encumbrance under, or accelerate or result in a
right of acceleration of the performance required by, any such material Contract
(collectively, the "Consents"). The Company has not obtained any of the
Consents.

 SECTION 5.5 Financial Statements.

 (a) Attached as Section 5.5(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule are
the following items: (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company
as of December

19

31, 2005 and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2005 (the statements referred to in this clause (i)
(including the balance sheet), the "Unaudited Company Financial Statements" and
the unaudited balance sheet as of December 31, 2005, the "Unaudited Company
Balance Sheet"); and (ii) the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company
as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and the related consolidated statements of
income and cash flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 (the
statements referred to in this clause (ii) (including the balance sheets), the
"Audited Company Financial Statements" and together with the Unaudited Company
Financial Statements, the "Company Financial Statements"). The Company Financial
Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of the respective dates thereof and the results of the Company's
operations for the fiscal periods therein set forth. Section 5.5 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth the Company's accounting policies with respect to
certain matters and any instances in which the Company Financial Statements have
not been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout such
fiscal periods (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments with respect to the
Unaudited Company Financial Statements), except as may be indicated in the notes
thereto with respect to the Unaudited Company Financial Statements.

 (b) The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed
with management's authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to
maintain accountability for assets, (iii) the Company tracks and monitors its
material assets and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with
existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences.

 (c) The Company has made available to Parent an itemization of the
accounts receivable (including aging) of the Company as of December 31, 2005
(the "Accounts Receivable"). The Accounts Receivable represent bona fide claims
against debtors for sales, services performed (or to be performed) or other
charges arising pursuant to binding agreements entered into on or before the
respective dates of recording thereof. All Accounts Receivable have been billed
in accordance with the past practice of the Company consistently applied and, to
the Knowledge of the Company, are collectible in the ordinary course of business
within one hundred eighty (180) days, except to the extent of an amount not in
excess of the reserve for doubtful accounts reflected on the Unaudited Company
Balance Sheet.

 (d) To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no outstanding claims
against the Company to return any products by reason of alleged overshipments,
defective products or otherwise.

 (e) The Company has made and kept (and made available to Parent) its
books and records and accounts, which, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the activities of the Company's Business. All minutes of meetings
of the Company's Unitholders and Managers (and consents in lieu thereof) have
been made available to Parent and are true and correct in all material respects.
The Company has not maintained any bank account except for bank accounts which
have been and are reflected in the Company's books and records.

20

SECTION 5.6 Undisclosed Liabilities

 (a) Except as set forth on Section 5.6 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, it has no liabilities or obligations
(absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) except (a) liabilities and
obligations (including warranties) under contracts and commitments incurred in
the ordinary course of business and not required under GAAP to be reflected in
the Company Financial Statements (including the notes thereto), which are not
material to the assets, properties, business, financial condition or operating
results of the Company, (b) liabilities and obligations which are reflected and
properly reserved against in the Company Financial Statements in accordance with
GAAP, and (c) liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice since the Unaudited Company Balance
Sheet Date. None of the liabilities or obligations described in this Section 5.6
relates to any breach of Contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement,
misappropriation or violation of law or arose out of any Action.

 (b) The Company has never affected or otherwise been involved in any
"off-balance sheet arrangements" (as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K
under the Exchange Act). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company is not providing a guarantee of any debt or other obligation of any
other Person.

 SECTION 5.7 Contracts. Section 5.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a complete and accurate list or description of all Contracts as of the
date of this Agreement: (v) pursuant to which the Company (i) was billed by or
paid to a counterparty, or invoiced a customer, in excess of 75,000 in calendar
year 2005 or (ii) has an obligation that the Company reasonably believes will
result in it being billed by or making payments to a counterparty, or that the
Company reasonably believes will result in it invoicing customers, in excess of
 75,000 in 2006 or any calendar year thereafter pursuant to Contracts currently
in force (other than, in the case of 2006 or thereafter, purchases by the
Company of items costing less than 25,000 in any individual case and made in
the ordinary course of business) and that is not otherwise required to be
disclosed pursuant to subsections (x), (y) or (z) of this Section 5.7; (w)
agreements set forth under subsection (v) that are not terminable by the Company
within ninety (90) days from the date of this Agreement without penalty or
further obligation on the part of the Company; (x) that involve material
payments based on profits or revenues of the Company; (y) that are employment,
management, consulting or severance agreements or other agreements or
arrangements with any employees or independent contractors of the Company that
differ in any material respect from the Company's current standard form of any
of the foregoing (other than standard offer letters which provide for no
severance benefits materially in excess of such benefits afforded to Company
employees generally), of which copies of such standard forms have been
previously made available by the Company to Parent; or (z) that include any
noncompetition or nonsolicitation covenant or any exclusive dealing or similar
arrangement that limits the ability of the Company or any of its Affiliates to
compete (geographically or otherwise) in any line of business (collectively, the
"Scheduled Contracts"). True, correct and complete copies of the current
standard form of offer letter, employee invention and proprietary rights
assignment agreements or option agreements used by the Company (and any prior
forms of employment agreement, employee invention and proprietary rights
assignment agreements or option agreements that are currently in effect and that
differ in any material respect from the Company's current standard forms) have
been previously made available to Parent. True,

21

correct and complete copies of each Scheduled Contract have been made available
to Parent. As of the date of this Agreement, each of the Scheduled Contracts is
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company (assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto) and is in
full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar Laws relating to or affecting creditors generally and by
the availability of equitable remedies (whether in proceedings at law or in
equity). The Company has not received written notice of cancellation of or
default under or intent to cancel or call a default under any of the Scheduled
Contracts. The Company has performed all obligations required to be performed by
it to date under the Scheduled Contracts where such nonperformance would result
in a material breach of or material default under any such Scheduled Contract,
and there exists no event or condition which with or without notice or lapse of
time or both would be a material breach or a material default on the part of the
Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, on the part of any other party to
such Scheduled Contracts.

 SECTION 5.8 Tax Matters.

 (a) Filing of Tax Returns. Set forth on Section 5.8(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule is a list of all Tax Returns that the Company has filed.
Except as set forth on Section 5.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Tax Returns filed are complete and accurate in all respects. The Company has
used the accrual method of accounting for income tax purposes since January 1,
2003.

 (b) Payment of Taxes. Except as set forth on Section 5.8(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule: (i) the Company does not have, and will not have,
any Liability for Taxes in respect to periods or partial periods ending on or
before the Closing Date and (ii) all Taxes that the Company is required by
applicable Law to withhold or collect for periods ending on or before the
Closing Date have been duly withheld or collected and have been timely paid over
to the appropriate governmental authorities to the extent due and payable.

 (c) Audits, Investigations or Claims. Except as set forth on Section
5.8(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no deficiencies for Taxes of the
Company have been claimed, proposed or assessed by any taxing or other
governmental authority. There are no pending audits, assessments or other
Actions for or relating to any Liability in respect of Taxes of the Company, and
to the Knowledge of the Company no audits, assessments or other Actions for or
relating to any Liability in respect of Taxes of the Company are Overtly
Threatened. The Company has not been notified that any taxing authority intends
to audit a Tax Return for any other period. No extension of a statute of
limitations relating to Taxes is in effect with respect to the Company.

 (d) Lien. There are no Encumbrances for Taxes (other than Permitted
Encumbrances) on any asset of the Company.

 (e) Derivative Liability for Taxes. The Company has never been a
member of an affiliated group of corporations within the meaning of Section 1504
of the Code. The Company has no Liability for the Taxes of any other Person (i)
under Treasury Regulations

22

Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar Regulations), (ii) as a transferee or
successor, (iii) by contract, or (iv) otherwise.

 (f) Tax Sharing Agreements. There are no Tax-sharing agreements or
similar arrangements (including indemnity arrangements) with respect to or
involving the Company, and, after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor
Merger Sub (by virtue of the Merger) shall be bound by any such Tax-sharing
agreements or similar arrangements (entered into prior to the Closing) or have
any Liability thereunder for amounts due in respect of periods prior to or after
the Closing Date.

 (g) Foreign Person. Except as set forth on Section 5.8(g) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, for purposes of withholding under Section 1445 of
the Code, neither the Company nor, to the Company's Knowledge, any Person having
a direct or derivative equity interest in the Company is a "foreign person" as
defined in Section 1445(f)(3) of the Code.

 (h) Permanent Establishment; State Presence. The Company does not have
and has not had a permanent establishment in any foreign country, as defined in
any applicable tax treaty or convention between the United States of America and
such foreign country. All jurisdictions in which the Company has been or is as
of the Closing Date required to file a Tax Return is set forth on Section 5.8(h)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

 (i) Disallowance of Interest Deductions. None of the outstanding
indebtedness of the Company constitutes indebtedness with respect to which any
interest deductions may be disallowed under Section 163(i) or 163(l) or 279 of
the Code or under any other applicable Regulations.

 (j) International Boycotts. The Company has never participated in and
is not participating in an international boycott within the meaning of Code
Section 999.

 (k) Partnership Characterization. The Company is, will be through the
time of the Closing, and at all times since its formation has been, properly
characterized as a partnership for United States income tax purposes and all
applicable state and local income and franchise tax purposes.

 SECTION 5.9 Litigation and Governmental Orders. Except as set forth on
Section 5.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no material legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceedings (including disciplinary
proceedings) or Actions of any nature pending or of which the Company has
received written notice or that, to the Knowledge of the Company, are Overtly
Threatened (i) against the Company, any assets of the Company or its Business or
that challenge the validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or by any of the Ancillary Agreements; (ii) involving any of the
Company's products or services; or (iii) challenging the Company's right to use
any products owned or licensed by any of the Company's vendors. There is no
injunction, order, judgment, decree or material regulatory restriction imposed
upon the Company or any assets of the Company or its Business.

 SECTION 5.10 Compliance with Laws.

23

(a) The Company holds, and at all times has held, and at Closing will
hold, all material licenses, franchises, decrees, permits and authorizations
required under applicable Law (collectively, "Permits") for the lawful
ownership, operation and use of the assets of the Company and the conduct of the
Company's Business under and pursuant to, and has complied with each in all
material respects, and the Company is not in material default under any
applicable Law relating to the Company or any of its material assets, properties
or operations, and there are no outstanding material violations of any of the
above, and the Company has not received written notice asserting any such
violation. The Company has been and is in compliance with all Permits in all
material respects. Section 5.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth
a true and complete list of all material Permits currently held by the Company.
The Company has all material Permits required to permit the Company to conduct
its Business.

 (b) No Governmental Authority has provided written notice to the
Company of, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Governmental Authority has
otherwise initiated or Overtly Threatened to commence, any Action, proceeding or
investigation into the Business or operations of the Company or any of its
officers, directors or employees in their capacity as such with the Company.
There is no material unresolved deficiency, violation or exception claimed by
any Governmental Authority with respect to any examination of the Company.

 SECTION 5.11 Properties.

 (a) The Company has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold
interests in, all of its tangible properties and tangible assets. All tangible
properties and tangible assets, other than tangible properties and tangible
assets in which the Company has a leasehold interest, are free and clear of all
Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances. The Company has complied in all
material respects with all leases to which it is a party and under which it is
in occupancy, and all such leases are in full force and effect. The Company
enjoys peaceful and undisturbed possession under all such leases. Section 5.11
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete list of all real
property and interests in real property owned or leased by the Company and a
true and complete list of all personal property, equipment and fixtures (other
than individual items as noted on the respective invoices to the Company for
such items having an invoiced amount of less than 25,000) owned by the Company,
all of which personal property, equipment and fixtures are in good condition,
normal wear and tear excepted.

 (b) There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, Overtly
Threatened, condemnation or similar Actions against the Company or otherwise
relating to any of the properties or assets and the Company has not received any
written notice of the same.

 (c) Since December 31, 2005, there has not been any damage,
destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) affecting the
Company's assets or its Business which would reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

 SECTION 5.12 Sufficiency of and Title to Assets. The Company owns all
right, title and interest in and to or has sufficient rights to all of the
properties, assets and rights of any

24

kind, whether tangible or intangible, real or personal (including, without
limitation, the Company Intellectual Property), necessary to enable the Company
(prior to the Closing) and the Surviving Company (immediately after the Closing)
to conduct the Business as currently conducted (the "Company Assets"), free and
clear of any Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances. The Company has
sole right, title and interest in and to or has sufficient rights to all of its
assets, free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

 SECTION 5.13 Intellectual Property.

 (a) Generally. Section 5.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all of the Company's United States and
foreign: (i) registered or filed applications for trademarks, service marks and
trade names and designs owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company
(collectively, "Trademarks") and for each Trademark, the application serial
number or registration number thereof, if applicable, the class of goods or the
description of the goods or services covered thereby, the countries in which
such Trademark is registered, and the expiration date for each country in which
trademark, service mark, trade name or design has been registered; (ii) patents
and patent applications (including utility models and applications therefor, as
applicable, and any continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, reissues,
renewals and applications for any of the foregoing) that are owned by or
exclusively licensed to the Company (collectively, "Patents") and for each
Patent, the number, issue date, title and priority information for each country
in which such Patent has been issued, and for each Patent application, the
application number, date of filing, title and priority information for each
country in which a Patent application is pending and (iii) registered domain
names, and World Wide Web Universal Resource Locators that are owned by or
exclusively licensed to the Company (collectively, "Domain Names"); in each
case, except where such intellectual property relates to (x) Software generally
available on reasonable terms without charge or for a license fee of no more
than 50,000 or (y) agreements relating to Company Intellectual Property not
incorporated into or used in the development, manufacturing or distribution of
the products or services of the Company.

 (b) Trademarks.

 (i) All required registration, maintenance and renewal fees have
been made with respect to all Trademarks. No Trademark is now involved in any
opposition or cancellation proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark
Office. Except as set forth on Section 5.13(b)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no prior use of any
Trademark of the Company by any third party that confers upon said third party
superior rights in any such Trademark.

 (ii) The Company has not received any written notice or claim or
overt oral threat challenging the Company's ownership of the Trademarks.

 (c) Patents.

 (i) All required registration, maintenance and renewal fees have
been made with respect to all Patents that, if not made, would result in a
revocation or lapse of the Patent in question.

25

(ii) No Patent of the Company is now involved in any
interference, reissue, reexamination or opposition proceeding in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office or any foreign patent office, and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, no such action has been Overtly Threatened.

 (iii) The Company is the owner of all right, title and interest
in and to all of the Patents, in each case free and clear of any and all
Encumbrances, and the Company has not received any written notice or claim
challenging the Company's ownership of the Patents, and to the Knowledge of the
Company, no such claim has been Overtly Threatened. There is no agreement,
decree, arbitral award or other provision or contingency which obligates the
Company to grant licenses in future Patents.

 (d) Copyrights. Section 5.13(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth a complete and accurate list of all the Company's registered
copyrights. The Company is the owner of each of the copyrights used by the
Company in its Business, in each case free and clear of any and all
Encumbrances, other than those as to which the rights being exercised by the
Company (i) have been licensed from another Person or (ii) that are not
incorporated into, or used in the development, manufacturing, or distribution of
the products or services of the Company (collectively, "Company Copyrights"),
and no third party has challenged the Company's ownership or use of the Company
Copyrights in any written notice and to the Knowledge of the Company, no such
challenge has been Overtly Threatened. To the Knowledge of the Company, no other
Person has infringed or is infringing any of the Company Copyrights.

 (e) Trade Secrets.

 (i) Except as would not reasonably be expected to cause a Company
Material Adverse Effect, the Company has taken commercially reasonable steps to
protect its rights in confidential information and proprietary information,
including any formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique,
or process for which the Company has not sought Patent protection used by the
Company in its Business, explicitly excluding Residuals, that the Company has
reasonably determined: (1) derives independent economic value, actual or
potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other Persons who
can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use and (2) is the subject of
efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy
(collectively, "Trade Secrets").

 (ii) Without limiting the generality of Section 5.13(e)(i), and
except as set forth in Section 5.13(e)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company has a policy of requiring each relevant employee, consultant and
contractor to execute proprietary information, confidentiality and assignment
agreements substantially in the Company's standard forms that assign to the
Company all rights to any Company Intellectual Property that are developed by
the employees, consultants or contractors in the course of their employment or
other service to the Company, as applicable, and that the Company reasonably
believes otherwise appropriately protect the Company Intellectual Property, to
the Knowledge of the Company such policy has been complied with in all material
respects; and, except (A) subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations,
(B) situations that would not reasonably be expected to cause a Company Material
Adverse Effect or (C) demonstrations of Software and the functionality of such
Software to customers, potential customers, vendors, partners or other

26

Persons with whom the Company has or is seeking a business relationship in the
ordinary course of business, there has been no disclosure by the Company of its
confidential information or Trade Secrets; nor, to the Knowledge of the Company,
have any actions been taken by the Company which would affect the Company's
ability to obtain U.S. or foreign protection for the Company's inventions for
which Patent applications have been filed.

 (f) License Agreements

 (i) Section 5.13(f)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all license agreements granting to the
Company any right to use or practice any rights under any intellectual property
rights of third parties currently used by the Company in the operation of the
Company's Business (other than (x) Software generally available on reasonable
terms without charge or for a license fee of no more than 50,000 or (y)
agreements relating to intellectual property rights of third parties not
incorporated into or used in the development, manufacturing or distribution of
the products or services of the Company) (collectively, the "Company Inbound
License Agreements"), indicating for each the title and the parties thereto.

 (ii) Section 5.13(f)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all license agreements (other than "click
through" end user license agreements entered into by the Company in the ordinary
course of business) currently in effect and under which the Company invoiced in
calendar year 2005, or reasonably expects to invoice during calendar year 2006,
providing for payments during either such year to the Company in excess of
 100,000 under which the Company has granted licenses of Software or other
rights to in or to use or practice any rights under any Company Intellectual
Property (indicating for each the title and parties thereto) (the "Company
Outbound License Agreements").

 (iii) The Company has not received written notice of any material
disagreement with respect to any Company Inbound License Agreement or any
Company Outbound License Agreement. Correct and complete executed copies of all
Company Inbound License Agreements and Company Outbound License Agreements have
been made available to Parent.

 (g) Domain Names. The Company is the sole owner of the Domain Names,
and all such Domain Names are currently registered by the Company, as sole
owner, with an ICANN accredited registrar, and the registration fees are paid
through the date(s) listed on Section 5.13(g) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule. To the Company's Knowledge and except as may be provided on any such
internet site or in any terms of use or other policy governing the use of or
access to any such internet site, the Company is the owner or has sufficient
rights to display all content displayed on the Internet site associated with
each of the Domain Names (collectively, the "Content"), and, except pursuant to
Contracts listed on Section 5.4(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no
consent, license or approval from any third party is required in connection with
the sale or transfer of the ownership of the Domain Names and the continued use
of the Content by the Surviving Company.

 (h) Ownership; Sufficiency of Intellectual Property Assets. The
Company owns or possesses adequate licenses or other rights to use, free and
clear of Encumbrances

27

(except in the case of licenses, the interests of the licensing party) all
Company Intellectual Property and Software (to the extent owned or exclusively
licensed), and, to the Knowledge of the Company, software not owned or
exclusively licensed by the Company, in each case used in the conduct of the
Company's Business. To the Company's Knowledge, the Company Intellectual
Property together with the Company's rights granted to it under the Company
Inbound License Agreements, constitute all intellectual property used in the
operation of the Company's Business as currently conducted.

 (i) No Infringement by the Company. Except as set forth on Section
5.13(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no litigation is now pending and no
written notice has been received by the Company, or to the Knowledge of the
Company, Overtly Threatened, (A) alleging that the Company has engaged in any
activity or conduct that infringes upon, violates or constitutes the
unauthorized use of the intellectual property rights of the Person by whom such
notice or threat was made, including any contamination or misappropriation of
trade secrets claims, or (B) challenging the ownership, use, validity or
enforceability of any Patent.

 (j) No Infringement by Third Parties. Except as set forth on Section
5.13(b)(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company,
no third party is misappropriating, infringing, diluting or violating any
Company Intellectual Property or Company Software, and no claims for any of the
foregoing have been brought against any third party by the Company. The Company
has taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the Company Intellectual
Property and the Company Software.

 (k) Assignment; Change of Control. To the Knowledge of the Company,
except for consents required pursuant to Contracts listed on Section 5.4(c) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance by the
Company of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and each of the other
documents contemplated hereby or thereby to which it is a party, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not
result in the loss or impairment of, or give rise to any right of any third
party to terminate, any of the Company's rights to own any Company Intellectual
Property or Company Software or rights under any Company Inbound License
Agreement, nor require the consent of any Governmental Authority or third party
in respect of any Company Intellectual Property or Company Software.

 (l) Software.

 (i) The Software owned or purported to be owned by the Company
was: (i) developed by employees of the Company within the scope of their
employment; (ii) developed by independent contractors who have assigned their
rights in such Software to the Company pursuant to written agreements; or (iii)
otherwise acquired by the Company from a third party who assigned all
intellectual property rights in the Software to the Company. None of the
Software owned or purported to be owned by the Company is, in whole or in part,
subject to the provisions of any open source or quasi-open source license
agreement that requires the disclosure of the source code to any Software owned
or purported to be owned by the Company. The Company has made no submission with
standards bodies or other entities, other than under Company Inbound License
Agreements or Company Outbound License Agreements which

28

would obligate the Company to grant licenses to or otherwise impair its control
of the Company Intellectual Property or Company Software.

 (ii) Section 5.13(l)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
includes a list of source code escrow arrangements into which the Company has
entered.

 (m) Encryption Technology. The Company's Business as currently
conducted complies with all U.S. applicable Laws, rules and regulations
regarding encryption technology, including, without limitation, the import and
export thereof. All CCAT's received by the Company are listed on Section 5.13(m)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

 (n) Use of User Data.

 (i) The Company's use, license, sublicense and sale of any User
Data collected from users at its website and any co-branded websites which the
Company manages comply in all material respects with the Company's published
privacy policy, (collectively, the "Privacy Policies"), excluding any violation
that, if disclosed, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

 (ii) To the Company's Knowledge, it is in compliance in all
material respects with all contractual obligations binding on the Company that
relate to or govern the compilation, use and transfer of User Data.

 (iii) There is no Action pending by any Person or any
Governmental Authority involving the use, disclosure or transfer of any User
Data by the Company, nor, has the Company been contacted in writing by any
Governmental Authority regarding the use, disclosure or transfer of any User
Data by the Company.

 (iv) None of the Privacy Policies currently in effect prohibits
the transfer of the User Data referred to in subsection (i) above to Parent and
its Affiliates pursuant to Parent's acquisition of the websites, products and
other assets of the Company pursuant to this Agreement (it being understood
that, following such transfer, such User Data remains subject to the applicable
use limitations set forth in such Privacy Policies).

 (v) To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has obtained
unauthorized access to User Data stored on the computer systems of the Company
(including, without limitation, any User Data contained in any hard copy
printouts), nor has there been any other unauthorized acquisition of material
computerized data of the Company (including, without limitation, any data
contained in any hard copy printouts) that has compromised the security,
confidentiality or integrity of any User Data maintained by the Company in any
material manner.

 SECTION 5.14 Employee Benefit Matters.

 (a) General. Section 5.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete list of Company Benefit Plans. The Company and its ERISA
Affiliates have performed in all material respects all obligations required to
be performed by them under, are not in default under or violation of any Company
Benefit Plan, and each Company Benefit Plan has been established and maintained
in all material respects in accordance with its terms and in

29

compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations,
including but not limited to ERISA and the Code. For the purposes of this
Section 5.14(a), no action taken pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to
constitute a default under or violation of any Company Benefit Plan.

 (b) Documents. True and complete copies of (i) each Company Benefit
Plan listed on Section 5.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (ii) the most
recent determination and opinion letters received from the Internal Revenue
Service with respect to each such Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be a
"qualified plan" under Section 401(a) of the Code or each standardized prototype
plan on which each such Company Benefit Plan is based, (iii) for the three (3)
most recent plan years, Annual Reports on Form 5500 Series required to be filed
with any governmental agency for any Company Benefit Plan or related trust, (iv)
if such Company Benefit Plan is funded, the most recent annual accounting of
Company Benefit Plan assets, and (v) discrimination tests demonstrating
compliance with Sections 401(a)(4), 401(k), 401(m) and 410(b) of the Code (or
other applicable provisions of the Code) for each Company Benefit Plan for each
year since the date of the plan's establishment, have been made available to
Parent.

 (c) Qualified Plans. Each Company Benefit Plan intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received either a favorable
determination letter or a favorable opinion letter from the Internal Revenue
Service stating that such Company Benefit Plan, or the standardized prototype
plan on which such Company Benefit Plan is based, is qualified and that its
related trust, if any, is tax-exempt under the provisions of Sections 401(a) (or
403(a), as appropriate) and 501(a) of the Code. For each Company Benefit Plan
that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, to the
Company's Knowledge, there has been no event, condition or circumstance that has
adversely affected or is likely to adversely affect such qualified status that
could not be cured without material liability to the Company.

 (d) Types of Plans. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has
ever maintained, established, sponsored, participated in or contributed to, been
required to contribute to, or had any liability or obligation under or relating
to any (i) Pension Plan that is subject to Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or
Section 412 of the Code, (ii) Multiemployer Plan, or (iii) "multiple employer
plan" as defined in Section 3(40) of ERISA or Section 413(c) of the Code, or
(iii) "welfare benefit fund" within the meaning of Section 419 of the Code. No
Company Benefit Plan provides welfare benefits that are not fully insured
through an insurance contract. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has
engaged in any transaction subject to Section 4069(a) or 4212(c) of ERISA.

 (e) No Post-Employment Obligations. No Company Benefit Plan provides,
or represents any material liability to provide, life insurance, health or other
welfare benefits to any Company Employee upon his or her retirement or
termination of employment or any reason, other than (i) coverage mandated by
COBRA or any similar state or local law, (ii) death benefits under any Pension
Plan, or (iii) disability benefits under any Welfare Plan that has been fully
provided for by insurance or otherwise, and neither the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate has represented, promised or contracted (whether in oral or written
form) to any Company Employee or any other person that such Company Employee or
other person would be

30

provided with life insurance, health or other welfare benefits upon their
retirement or termination of employment, except those set forth in clauses (i)
through (iii) of this Section 5.14(e).

 (f) Unrelated Business Taxable Income. No Company Benefit Plan (or
trust or other funding vehicle pursuant thereto) has incurred any liability
under Code Section 511.

 (g) Fiduciary Duties and Prohibited Transactions. No non-exempt
"prohibited transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, or
transaction in violation of Section 406 or 407 of ERISA has occurred with
respect to any Company Benefit Plan. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate
is subject to any penalty or tax with respect to any Company Benefit Plan under
Section 502(i) or 502(l) of ERISA or Subtitle A, Chapter 43 of the Code.

 (h) Litigation. There is no action, order, writ, injunction, judgment
or decree outstanding or claim (other than routine claims for benefits), suit,
litigation, proceeding, arbitration proceeding, governmental audit or
investigation relating to or seeking benefits under any Company Benefit Plan
that is pending against the Company, any ERISA Affiliate or any Company Benefit
Plan.

 (i) No Amendments. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has any
plan or commitment, whether legally binding or not, to establish any new Company
Benefit Plan, to modify any Company Benefit Plan (except to the extent required
by law or to conform any such Company Benefit Plan to the requirements of any
applicable law, or as required by this Agreement), or to adopt or enter into any
Company Benefit Plan. Except as set forth in Section 5.14(i) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, each Company Benefit Plan can be amended, terminated or
otherwise discontinued after the Effective Time in accordance with its terms,
without liability to Parent, the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates (other
than ordinary administration expenses normally associated with a termination).

 (j) Insurance Contracts. No Company Benefit Plan holds as an asset of
any Company Benefit Plan any interest in any annuity contract, guaranteed
investment contract or any other investment or insurance contract issued by an
insurance company that is the subject of bankruptcy, conservatorship or
rehabilitation proceedings.

 (k) Health Care Compliance. Neither the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate has, in any material respect, violated the requirements of COBRA, the
Family Medical Leave Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, the Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998, the Newborns' and
Mothers' Health Protection Act of 1996, or any amendment to each such act or any
similar provisions of state law applicable to Company Employees.

 (l) Effect of Transaction. Except as set forth in Section 5.14(l) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule or distributions to be made pursuant to Article
III, the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements by
the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or
subsequent events) constitute an event under any Company

31

Benefit Plan that will or may result in any payment (whether of severance pay or
otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution,
increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any Company
Employee. No payment or benefit (or portion thereof) that will or may be made by
the Company, its ERISA Affiliates or Parent or any of its affiliates under any
Company Benefit Plan or this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements with respect
to any Company Employee will be a "parachute payment" within the meaning of
Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code.

 (m) No Other Material Liability. To the Knowledge of the Company, no
event has occurred in connection with which the Company, any ERISA Affiliate or
any Company Benefit Plan, directly or indirectly, could be subject to any
material liability (other than the payment of benefits under the terms of such
Company Benefit Plan) (A) under any statute, regulation or governmental order
relating to any Company Benefit Plan or (B) pursuant to any obligation of the
Company to indemnify any person against liability incurred under any such
statute, regulation or order as they relate to the Company Benefit Plans.

 SECTION 5.15 Labor Matters

 (a) Section 5.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule includes a
complete and accurate list (giving name, job title, credited service, current
annual compensation (including a separate statement of base salary, bonus and
benefits for each individual)) of each current Company Employee. Except as set
forth on Section 5.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the employment of each
Company Employee is terminable at-will by the Company. The Company has never
been materially delinquent in payments to any Company Employees or Company
independent contractors for any wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses or other
direct compensation for any services performed for it or amounts required to be
reimbursed to such employee or contractor. The Company is and has always been in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws respecting labor,
employment, immigration, fair employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment, workers' compensation, occupational safety, plant closings, wages
and hours. The Company has withheld all amounts required by applicable Law or by
agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries, and other payments to
employees; and the Company has never been materially liable for any arrears of
wages or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing. The
Company has never been liable for any payment to any trust or other fund or to
any Governmental Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits,
social security or other benefits or obligations for employees (other than
routine payments to be made in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice).

 (b) There are no pending claims against the Company under any workers'
compensation plan or policy or for long-term disability. The Company is not
bound by or subject to (and none of its assets or properties are bound by or
subject to) any written or oral, express or implied, contract, commitment or
arrangement with any labor union, and no labor union has requested or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, has sought to represent any of the employees,
representatives or agents of the Company. There is no strike or other labor
dispute involving the Company pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
Overtly Threatened. The Company has not, during the three year period prior to
the date of this Agreement, received any demand letters, civil rights charges,
suits, drafts of suits, or administrative claims of or from any

32

of its employees. There are no material controversies pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, Overtly Threatened, between the Company and any
Company Employees or Company independent contractors.

 (c) Except as set forth on Section 5.15(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Company Employees or Company
independent contractors are or have ever been in material violation of any term
of any employment contract, non-disclosure agreement, noncompetition agreement,
or any restrictive covenant to a former employer relating to the right of any
such employee to be employed by the Company because of the nature of the
Company's Business or to the use by the Company of trade secrets or proprietary
information of others. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Company Employees or
Company independent contractors are or have ever been in material violation of
any term of any employment contract, non-disclosure agreement, noncompetition
agreement, or any restrictive covenant relating to the Company's Business.

 (d) No current Company Employees or Company independent contractors
have given notice to the Company, nor is the Company otherwise aware, that any
such Person intends to terminate his or her employment with the Company. The
Company is in compliance with all Laws concerning the classification of
employees and independent contractors and has properly classified all such
Persons for purposes of participation in the Company Benefit Plans.

 SECTION 5.16 Environmental Matters. The Company (v) is in material
compliance with all, and is not subject to any material liability, in each case
with respect to any, applicable Environmental Laws, (w) holds or has applied for
all Environmental Permits necessary to conduct its current operations, and (x)
is in material compliance with its Environmental Permits. The Company has not
received any notice, demand, letter, claim or request for information alleging
that the Company may be in violation of, or liable under, any Environmental Law.
The Company (y) has not entered into or agreed to any consent decree or order or
is subject to any judgment, decree or judicial order relating to compliance with
Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits or the investigation, sampling,
monitoring, treatment, remediation, removal or cleanup of Hazardous Materials
and no investigation, litigation or other proceeding is pending or Overtly
Threatened with respect thereto, or (z) is not an indemnitor in connection with
any claim Overtly Threatened by any third-party indemnitee for any liability
under any Environmental Law or relating to any Hazardous Materials. To the
Company's Knowledge, the Company does not use any Hazardous Materials in the
conduct or operation of the Company's Business. None of the real property owned
or leased by the Company is listed or, to the Knowledge of the Company, proposed
for listing on the "National Priorities List" under CERCLA, as updated through
the date of this Agreement, or any similar state or foreign list of sites
requiring investigation or cleanup. (i) To the Company's Knowledge, no Hazardous
Material is present at any of the real property owned or leased by the Company
in material violation of any applicable Environmental Law, (ii) the Company has
not engaged in any Hazardous Materials Activity in material violation of any
applicable Environmental Law, and (iii) no Action seeking material damages is
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, has been Overtly Threatened against
the Company concerning any of the Hazardous Materials Activities of the Company,
or Hazardous Materials Activity on any of the real property owned or leased by
the Company.

33

SECTION 5.17 Insurance. Section 5.17 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
includes a list of all material policies of fire, liability, product liability,
workmen's compensation, health and other forms of insurance presently in effect
with respect to the Company's Business (the "Company Insurance Policies"),
including the named insured(s), true and complete copies of which have been made
available for review by Parent. All Company Insurance Policies are valid,
outstanding and enforceable policies and provide insurance coverage for the
Company Assets and operation of the Company's Business, of the kinds, in the
amounts and against the risks required to comply with applicable Law and/or any
contractual or other obligations. The Company has not been refused any insurance
with respect to any aspect of the operations of its Business, nor has its
coverage been limited by any insurance carrier to which it has applied for
insurance or with which it has carried insurance. No notice of cancellation or
termination has been received with respect to any such policy. The activities
and operations of the Company have been conducted in a manner so as to conform
in all material respects to all applicable provisions of the Company Insurance
Policies.

 SECTION 5.18 Brokers. No broker, finder or similar intermediary has acted
for or on behalf of, or is entitled to any broker's, finder's or similar fee or
other commission from, the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with
this Agreement, any of the Ancillary Agreements or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.

 SECTION 5.19 Warranties; Product Liability.

 (a) Warranties. Except pursuant to the terms of any Scheduled Contract
or Company Outbound License Agreement or other standard agreement to purchase or
license the Company's products in its ordinary course of business or as may be
required by Law, there are no warranties, express or implied, written or oral,
with respect to the products or services of the Company, and there are no
Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, Overtly Threatened, with
respect to any such warranty.

 (b) Product Liability. Since January 1, 2001, there have been no
product liability Actions involving the Company relating to products or services
developed, manufactured, sold or provided by the Company, nor, to the Knowledge
of the Company, has any such Action been Overtly Threatened.

 SECTION 5.20 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since December 31, 2005
until the date of this Agreement, other than as set forth on Section 5.20 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule there has not been any:

 (a) Company Material Adverse Effect or any event or development that
would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

 (b) material failure to operate the Company's Business in the ordinary
course so as to use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve the
Company's Business intact and to preserve the continued services of the
Company's employees and the goodwill of suppliers, customers and others having
business relations with the Company;

 (c) resignation or termination of any key employee or independent
contractor, officer or manager, or (except with respect to changes in
compensation to the amount

34

reflected on the list of employees made available to Parent) any increase in the
rate of compensation payable or to become payable to any officer or manager of
the Company (other than in connection with general, regularly-scheduled
reviews), including the making of any loan to, or the payment, grant or accrual
of any bonus, incentive compensation, service award or other similar benefit to,
any such Person, or the addition to, modification of, or contribution to any
Company Benefit Plan;

 (d) sale, assignment, license, transfer or Encumbrance of any material
Company Assets, tangible or intangible, singly or in the aggregate, other than
(i) sales or licenses of products and services in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice and (ii) Permitted Encumbrances;

 (e) new Contracts, or extensions, modifications, terminations or
renewals thereof, except for Contracts entered into, modified or terminated in
the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or Contracts
that are otherwise immaterial to the Company;

 (f) change in accounting methods or practices by the Company or
revaluation by the Company of any of the Company Assets, including writing off
or establishing reserves with respect to inventory, notes or accounts receivable
(other than for which adequate reserves have been previously established);

 (g) declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
distribution in respect of any Units of the Company or any redemption, purchase
or other acquisition of any Units or other equity securities of the Company
other than the Closing Dividend, any distribution made with respect to taxes
payable by Unitholders with respect to taxable income for 2005 and purchases by
the Company of Class A Units held by Unitholders who are not Accredited
Investors;

 (h) failure to pay any material obligation of the Company when due,
unless the Company is disputing such obligation in good faith and maintaining
appropriate reserves therefor;

 (i) acceleration or delay in any material respect of the collection of
any account receivable in advance of or beyond its regular due date or the date
on which the same would have been collected in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or (ii) delay or acceleration in any material
respect of the payment of any account payable in advance of its due date or the
date such liability would have been paid in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;.

 (j) failure to pay any material obligation of the Company when due,
unless the Company is disputing such obligation in good faith and maintaining
appropriate reserves therefor;

 (k) cancellation of any material indebtedness or waiver of any rights
of substantial value to the Company, except in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice;

35

(l) indebtedness incurred by the Company for borrowed money or any
commitment to borrow money entered into by the Company, or any loans made or
agreed to be made by the Company;

 (m) acquisition of any equity interest in any other Person;

 (n) adoption, modification or termination of any Company Benefit Plan
except (x) as required by Law, or (y) changes to the Company Option Plan
contemplated by this Agreement; or

 (o) agreement by the Company directly or indirectly to do any of the
foregoing.

 SECTION 5.21 Customers. Section 5.21 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth the Company's ten largest customers by revenues recognized in the
Unaudited Company Financial Statements. None of such ten largest customers has
notified the Company in writing of its intent to terminate the license agreement
or services agreement between such customer and the Company or to materially
reduce the services thereunder (nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, has any
such customer Overtly Threatened to terminate the license agreement or services
agreement between such customer and the Company or to materially reduce the
services thereunder).

 SECTION 5.22 Prohibited Transactions. None of Company or any Representative
acting on its behalf, has offered, paid, or agreed to pay any Person, including
any Government Authority, directly or indirectly, any thing of value for the
purpose of, or with the intent of obtaining or retaining any business included
in the Company's Business in violation of applicable Laws, including (i) using
any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other
unlawful expense relating to political activity, (ii) making any direct or
indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or
employee from corporate funds, (iii) violating any provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or (iv) making any bribe, rebate,
payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.

 SECTION 5.23 Conflicts of Interest; Affiliate Transactions.

 (a) Neither the Company, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any
Unitholder, Manager or officer of the Company:

 (i) owns, directly or indirectly, any interest in (excepting less
than one percent (1 stock holdings for investment purposes in securities of
publicly traded companies), or is an officer, director, employee or consultant
of, any Person that carries on business in competition with the Company; or

 (ii) has any material claim against, or owes any material amount
to, the Company, except for claims for salary, commissions, accrued vacation pay
and accrued benefits under Company Benefit Plans.

36

(b) No Contract, understanding or arrangement between the Company, on
the one hand, and any of its respective Unitholders, Managers or officers, on
the other hand, will continue in effect subsequent to the Closing Date, except
for such rights as pertain to such person as an employee of the Company or a
holder of the Company's equity securities.

 SECTION 5.24 Investment Company Act. The Company is not an "investment
company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the "Investment Company Act"), which is required to be registered under the
Investment Company Act in order to engage in the transactions described in
Section 7 of that Act. The Company is not a "broker" or "dealer" within the
meaning of the Exchange Act. The Company does not act as investment adviser or
subadviser to any "investment company," as defined in the Investment Company
Act, which is registered under such Act.

 SECTION 5.25 Member Consent; Accredited Investors.

 (a) The only vote of any class or series of the Company's Units or the
Company Options necessary to adopt or approve this Agreement, the Ancillary
Agreements, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby are: (i) the consent of a majority of the Units, voting together as a
single class, (ii) the consent of James W. MacIntyre IV as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and (iii) the consent of David Scherer as Chief
Technology Officer of the Company (collectively, the "Member Consent"). The
Member Consent has been obtained.

 (b) Each Unitholder holding Class A Units, each Unitholder holding
Class B Units and each Unitholder holding Class C Units is an Accredited
Investor.

 (c) The information supplied by the Company for inclusion in the
materials submitted to the holders of Units in connection with the solicitation
of their votes regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.

 ARTICLE VI.
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

 Except as set forth in the written disclosure schedule dated as of the
date of this Agreement and previously delivered by Parent and Merger Sub to the
Company (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule") (it being understood that Parent
Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the sections
contained in this Agreement, and the disclosures in any section of Parent
Disclosure Schedule shall qualify the representations in the corresponding
section of this Article VI and shall be deemed made in any other section or
sections of Parent Disclosure Schedule where the relevance of such disclosures
is reasonably apparent from the text of such disclosure), Parent and Merger Sub
hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

 SECTION 6.1 Organization. Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, and has
all requisite corporate power

37

and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and assets now owned,
operated or leased by it, and to carry on its Business in all material respects
as currently conducted. Merger Sub is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of
Delaware and has all requisite limited liability company power and authority to
own, operate or lease the properties and assets now owned, operated or leased by
it, and to carry on its Business in all material respects as currently
conducted. Parent is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do
business, and is in good standing, under the Laws of each jurisdiction in which
the character of its properties owned, operated or leased by it, or the nature
of its activities, makes such qualification necessary, except in those
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed and in good
standing would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

 SECTION 6.2 Authorization; No Conflicts

 (a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has full power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a
party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which
each of Parent and Merger Sub is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of each of Parent and Merger Sub, and no
other corporate action on the part of Parent or Merger Sub is necessary to
approve this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements to which they are a party or
authorize or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which each of Parent and Merger Sub is
a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by each of Parent and
Merger Sub (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by the other parties hereto and thereto)
and constitute valid and binding obligations of each of Parent and Merger Sub,
enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with their
terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be subject to or limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws relating to
or affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable
relief (whether in proceedings at law or in equity).

 (b) Assuming all consents, approvals, authorizations, filings and
notifications and other actions set forth in Section 6.3 have been obtained or
made, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements to which it is a party by each of Parent and Merger Sub nor the
consummation by Parent or Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby to be performed by Parent or Merger Sub, nor compliance by Parent or
Merger Sub with any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof, will (i)
violate any provision of the organizational documents of Merger Sub or violate
any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent, (ii) (x)
violate, conflict with or require any notice, filing, consent or approval under
any material applicable Law to which Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
respective properties, contracts or assets are subject, or (y) violate, conflict
with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under,
constitute a default (or an event which, with or without notice or lapse of
time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of
or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate or result in a right
of acceleration of the performance required by, result in the creation of any
Encumbrance upon Parent Common Stock, properties, contracts or assets of Parent
or Merger

38

Sub under, or require any notice, approval or consent under, any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which Parent Merger Sub is a party, or by which
Parent Merger Sub, or any of their respective properties or assets, may be bound
or affected in any material respect.

 SECTION 6.3 Consents, Approvals, Etc. Except where the failure to obtain
any consents, approvals, authorizations or actions, or to make such filings or
notifications would not, when taken together with all other such failures by
Parent and Merger Sub, have a material adverse effect on the ability of Parent
or Merger Sub to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement or
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no consents,
waivers, approvals, authorizations, orders or permits of, or declarations,
filings or registrations with, or notifications to, any Governmental Authority
or any third party are necessary in connection with the execution and delivery
by Parent or Merger Sub of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which
it is a party or the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.

 SECTION 6.4 Litigation and Governmental Orders. As of the date of this
Agreement, there are no material Actions pending or of which Parent has received
written notice against Parent, Merger Sub or any Subsidiaries of Parent ("Parent
Subsidiaries"), or any of the assets or properties of Parent, Merger Sub or any
Parent Subsidiaries, that would (x) prevent either Parent or Merger Sub from
performing its obligations under this Agreement, (y) prevent either Parent or
Merger Sub from consummating the transactions contemplated hereby, or (z)
reasonably be expected to result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Parent,
Merger Sub and Parent Subsidiaries and their respective assets and properties
are not subject to any material Governmental Order that would prevent either
Parent or Merger Sub from performing its obligations under this Agreement or
consummating the transactions contemplated hereby.

 SECTION 6.5 Brokers. Except for Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc., no
broker, finder or similar intermediary has acted for or on behalf of, or is
entitled to any broker's, finder's or similar fee or other commission from,
Parent or Merger Sub in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

 SECTION 6.6 Valid Issuance of Shares. The shares of Parent Common Stock to
be issued by Parent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, when issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will not be
issued in violation of any preemptive rights.

 SECTION 6.7 SEC Filings. As of their respective filing dates, all of the
forms, reports and documents filed by Parent with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") since October 1, 2004 (collectively, the "Parent SEC
Filings") complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and none of Parent SEC
Filings contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, in each case except to the extent corrected by a subsequent Parent
SEC Filing. The financial statements of Parent included in Parent SEC Filings
filed on or after November 25, 2005 complied as to form in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and

39

regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis
during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto)
and fairly presented the consolidated financial position of Parent as of the
dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for
the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal
year-end audit adjustments). Between September 30, 2005 and the date of this
Agreement, Parent has not incurred any liabilities of the type required to be
disclosed in the liabilities column of a balance sheet prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, except for (i) liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) liabilities that would not
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

 SECTION 6.8 Capitalization.

 Authorized, Issued and Outstanding Capital Stock. The authorized
capital stock of Parent consists of 85,000,000 shares, of which (i) 75,000,000
shares are Parent Common Stock and (ii) 10,000,000 shares are preferred stock,
none of which have been designated or issued. As of January 1, 2006: Parent had
18,992,886 shares of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding; 2,823,099
shares of Parent Common Stock were duly reserved for future issuance upon the
exercise of stock options and stock awards granted on or prior to such date
pursuant to Parent's option and incentive plans; 10,000 shares of Parent Common
Stock were duly reserved for issuance upon the exercise of warrants issuable to
a third party; and 1,690,582 shares of Parent Common Stock were duly reserved
for future issuance upon the exercise of employee stock options and stock awards
available for grant after such date pursuant to Parent's option and incentive
plans. Other than as set forth in the previous sentence and other than
securities issuable pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights,
commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind (contingent or
otherwise) to which Parent is a party or bound obligating Parent to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold additional shares of
capital stock or other voting securities of Parent or obligating Parent to
issue, grant, extend or enter into any agreement to issue, deliver or sell any
such capital stock or securities. Neither Parent nor any Subsidiary of Parent is
subject to any obligation or requirement to provide material funds for or to
make any material investment (in the form of a loan or capital contribution) in
any Person (other than to or in the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries). There
are no accrued or unpaid dividends with respect to any issued and outstanding
shares of Parent Common Stock. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness of Parent having the right to vote (or convertible into securities
having the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of Parent may
vote.

 SECTION 6.9 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since September 30, 2005
through the date of this Agreement, there has not occurred (i) any Parent
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) except as set forth on Section 6.9 of Parent
Disclosure Schedule, any material change by Parent in its accounting methods,
principles or practices except as required by concurrent changes in U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles, (iii) any material reevaluation by
Parent of any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down the
value of capitalized inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable other
than in the ordinary course, (iv) any declaration, setting aside or payment of
any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock

40

or property) with respect to any of Parent's capital stock, (v) any damage,
destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) materially adversely
affecting Parent's assets or the Business of Parent, (vi) material indebtedness
incurred by Parent for borrowed money or any commitment to borrow money entered
into by Parent, or any loans made or agreed to be made by Parent, (vii) any
failure to pay any material obligation of Parent when due (subject to any
applicable grace periods) or (viii) agreement by Parent directly or indirectly
to do any of the foregoing.

 SECTION 6.10 Interim Operations of Merger Sub (No Parent Vote Required).
Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, has engaged in no other business activities and
has conducted its operations only as contemplated in this Agreement. No vote or
other action of the stockholders of Parent is required by Law, Parent's
Certificate of Incorporation or Parent's Bylaws or otherwise in order for Parent
and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger.

 SECTION 6.11 Solvency. As of and immediately following the Effective Time,
(a) Parent and the Surviving Company shall be able to pay their respective debts
as they become due and shall own assets having a fair saleable value greater
than the amounts required to pay their respective debts (including a reasonable
estimate of the amount of all contingent liabilities) as they become due, and
(b) Parent and the Surviving Company shall have reasonably adequate capital to
carry on their respective Businesses. No transfer of property is being made and
no obligation is being incurred in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with the intent to hinder, delay or
defraud either present or future creditors of Parent or the Surviving Company.

 SECTION 6.12 Compliance with Laws.

 (a) The Parent holds, and at all times has held, and at Closing will
hold, all material Permits for the lawful ownership, operation and use of the
assets of the Parent under and pursuant to, and has complied with each in all
material respects, and the Parent is not in material default under any
applicable Law relating to the Parent or any of its material assets, properties
or operations in any material respect, and there are no outstanding material
violations of any of the above, and the Parent has not received written notice
asserting any such violation. The Parent has been and is in compliance with all
Permits in all material respects. The Parent has all material Permits required
to permit the Parent to conduct its Business.

 (b) No Governmental Authority has provided written notice to the
Parent of, and, to the knowledge of Parent's executive officers as of the date
hereof, no Governmental Authority has otherwise initiated or Overtly Threatened
to commence, any Action, proceeding or investigation into the Business or
operations of the Parent or any of its officers, directors or employees in their
capacity as such with the Parent. There is no material unresolved deficiency,
violation or exception claimed by any Governmental Authority with respect to any
examination of the Parent.

 SECTION 6.13 No Infringement by Parent. No litigation is now pending, no
written notice has been received by Parent, and no overt oral threat of
litigation has been received by any of Parent's executive officers as of the
date hereof, (A) alleging that Parent has engaged in any activity or conduct
that infringes upon, violates or constitutes the unauthorized

41

use of the intellectual property rights of the Person by whom such notice or
threat was made, including any contamination or misappropriation of trade
secrets claims, or (B) challenging the ownership, use, validity or
enforceability of any patent owned by or exclusively licensed to Parent.

 ARTICLE VII.
 ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

 SECTION 7.1 Further Action. Subject to the terms and conditions herein
provided, each of the parties hereto shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such further certificates,
instruments and other documents, and to take, or cause to be taken, such further
actions, as may be necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

 SECTION 7.2 Indemnification; Officers' and Directors' Insurance.

 (a) The Company may purchase a six (6) year extended reporting period
endorsement ("reporting tail coverage") with respect to the Company's directors
and officers liability insurance currently in effect, and maintain such
endorsement in full force and effect for its full term, provided that neither
Parent nor the Surviving Company shall be required to pay more than 40,000 for
such reporting tail coverage.

 (b) Parent and the Surviving Company shall, until the sixth (6th)
anniversary of the Effective Time, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold
harmless, with respect to claims or events existing or occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time, each person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the
date hereof, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer
of the Company (the "Company Indemnified Parties"), against all Losses arising
out of or by reason of the fact that the Company Indemnified Party is or was an
officer or director of the Company whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or
after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent that the Company would have been
permitted under the Company Operating Agreement as in effect on the date of this
Agreement.

 (c) The Certificate of Formation and Operating Agreement of the
Surviving Company shall contain, and Parent shall cause the Certificate of
Formation and Operating Agreement of the Surviving Company to so contain,
provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement of
expenses and exculpation of present and former directors and officers of the
Company than are presently set forth in the Certificate of Formation and
Operating Agreement of the Company.

 (d) Parent shall pay all expenses, including reasonable attorneys'
fees, that may be incurred by the persons referred to in this Section 7.2 in
connection with their enforcement of their rights provided in this Section 7.2.

 (e) The provisions of this Section 7.2 are intended to be in addition
to the rights otherwise available to the current officers and directors of the
Company by Law, charter document or agreement, and shall operate for the benefit
of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the Company Indemnified Parties, their
heirs and their representatives.

42

SECTION 7.3 Employee Benefit Matters.

 (a) Each Company Employee has been offered employment by Parent and
those who are hired by Parent or retained by the Surviving Company will be
eligible to: (i) during the period following the Closing until December 31,
2006, participate in each Company Benefit Plan that was offered to Company
Employees as of immediately before the Effective Time and (ii) commencing
January 1, 2007, participate in Parent's employee benefit programs, to the same
extent as similarly situated employees of Parent. For purposes of determining
eligibility to participate, vesting and entitlement to benefits (including for
purposes of benefit accrual) where length of service is relevant under any
benefit plan or arrangement of Parent, the Company or any of their respective
Subsidiaries (collectively, "Parent Benefit Plans"), Parent shall, and shall
cause such Subsidiary to, take such actions as are necessary and appropriate to
provide that Company Employees as of the Effective Time shall receive full
service credit for service with the Company. Parent shall (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting condition exclusions and waiting periods with
respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Company
Employees as of the Effective Time under any Parent Benefit Plan that is a
Welfare Plan that such employees may be eligible to participate in after the
Effective Time, other than limitations or waiting periods that are already in
effect with respect to such Company Employees and that have not been satisfied
as of the Effective Time under the Company Benefit Plans that are welfare
benefit plans maintained for the Company Employees immediately prior to the
Effective Time, and (ii) provide each Company Employee as of the Effective Time
with credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time
in satisfying any applicable co-payment, deductible or out-of-pocket
requirements under any Parent Benefit Plan that is a Welfare Plan that such
employees are eligible to participate in after the Effective Time.

 (b) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon any employee
of the Company any right with respect to continued employment by Parent or the
Surviving Company.

 SECTION 7.4 Tax Matters.

 (a) Valuation for Income Tax Purposes. Attached hereto as Schedule 7.4
is the valuation of the assets of the Company (the "Valuation") agreed upon by
the Parent, Merger Sub and the Member Representative. Company, Merger Sub and
Parent shall file their respective Tax Returns in a manner consistent with the
Valuation.

 (b) Filing of Tax Returns for the Company. The Member Representative
shall prepare and file or cause to be prepared and filed any Tax Returns
required to be filed with any taxing authority in connection with the
determination, assessment, collection, administration or imposition of any Taxes
on the Company relating to any taxable year or period through and including the
Closing Date. Such Tax Returns shall be prepared on a basis consistent with the
Tax Returns prepared for prior taxable years or periods, except as otherwise
required by Law, and such Tax Returns may not be amended without the consent of
Parent. The Member Representative shall provide a copy of such Tax Returns to
Parent no later than ten (10) days before the due date therefor for Parent's
review and comment. The Member Representative shall pay or cause to be paid,
within the time and in the manner prescribed by Law, from its

43

own funds or funds provided by certain or all of the holders of Units in the
Company on the Closing Date all Taxes imposed on the Company relating to any
year or period through and including the Closing Date.

 (c) Closing of the Books. The taxable year of the Company will close
on the Closing Date for Tax purposes pursuant to Section 708 of the Code, and
that items of income, deduction or credit will be allocated between the taxable
period ending on the Closing Date and the taxable period beginning after the
Closing Date based on a "closing of the books" of the Company on the Closing
Date.

 (d) Tax Identification Numbers. For Tax purposes, the federal, state,
local, and foreign tax identification numbers and accounts related to all
existing and required Tax Return reporting of the Company will be closed and
terminated by the Member Representative within the prescribed time for filing
the final Tax Returns of the Company.

 (e) Cooperation. Merger Sub, the Company and the Member Representative
shall reasonably cooperate, as and to the extent reasonably requested by another
party, in connection with the filing of Tax Returns and any audit, litigation or
other proceeding with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall include signing
any Tax Return, amended Tax Returns, claims or other documents necessary to
settle any Tax controversy, the retention and (upon the other party's request)
the provision of records and information which are reasonably relevant to any
such audit, litigation or other proceeding and making employees available on a
mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of
any material provided hereunder.

 SECTION 7.5 Notice of Proceedings. Parent will promptly notify the Member
Representative in writing, upon receiving any notice from any Governmental
Authority of its intention to institute an Action to nullify or render
ineffective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

 SECTION 7.6 Nasdaq Listing. Parent shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to the
Merger to be authorized for listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to
official notice of issuance, prior to the issuance of such shares of Parent
Common Stock. Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Parent Warrants to
be listed for trading on any securities exchange on which the Parent Common
Stock is at the time listed for trading.

 SECTION 7.7 Transaction Expenses. The Company has provided to Parent an
itemized and complete list (the "Transaction Expenses List") of all Transaction
Expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Company and the Company has paid the
Transaction Expenses prior to the Closing or requested that Parent pay such
Transaction Expenses and provided to Parent detailed instructions for payment.
Any Transaction Expenses that were not set forth on the Transaction Expenses
List or that were not paid at or prior to the Closing shall be paid by Parent
and Parent shall have recourse to the Escrow Fund pursuant to Section 8.2(a)(v)
of this Agreement on a dollar-for-dollar basis for reimbursement thereof, but
only to the extent that the aggregate amount of Transaction Expenses that are
not set forth on the Transaction Expenses List exceeds

44

25,000. Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, the parties
shall each bear their respective direct and indirect expenses incurred in
connection with the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements and the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

 SECTION 7.8 Employee Option Pool. Parent has set aside for grant to the
Company's employees a pool of non-qualified stock options to purchase 350,000
shares of Parent Common Stock (the "Incentive Option Pool"), with an exercise
price per share equal to the closing price of Parent Common Stock (as reported
by the Nasdaq National Market or such other securities exchange or automated
quotation service upon which Parent Common Stock may then be listed or quoted
for trading) on the trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date. The
Company employees to be granted such stock options and the individual share
amounts of such stock options are included on Schedule 3.4(a); provided, that
each grantee of any such Parent Common Stock options must be an employee of the
Company on the grant date. Such stock options shall vest as follows: 25 of such
options on the first anniversary of the date of grant, with the remaining shares
vesting in equal monthly installments for the next 36 months thereafter. Such
stock options shall expire 10 years after the date of grant, and shall otherwise
be subject to the terms and conditions of Parent's 2004 Equity Incentive Award
Plan and form of Stock Option Agreement, and such other terms and conditions as
shall be established by Parent's Board of Directors or the Compensation
Committee thereof. Parent and its Board of Directors shall take such actions as
are necessary or appropriate to cause such grants to be effected as promptly as
practicable after the Closing.

 SECTION 7.9 Performance Plan Shares. Parent has set aside the Performance
Plan Shares for grant to the Company's employees in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.4. Parent and its Board of Directors has taken such
actions as are necessary or appropriate to cause such grants to be effected as
promptly as practicable after the Closing.

 ARTICLE VIII.
 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF
 THE COMPANY; INDEMNIFICATION FROM ESCROW FUND; MEMBER
 REPRESENTATIVE

 SECTION 8.1 Survival

 (a) The representations and warranties made by the Company in Article
V and in each certificate delivered at Closing and the covenants made by the
Company in this Agreement shall survive until March 31, 2007 (the "Survival
Period"). No claim for a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant may be
made or brought by a Parent Indemnified Party after the expiration of the
Survival Period for such representation, warranty or covenant; provided, that
if, prior to the expiration of the applicable Survival Period, a Parent
Indemnified Party shall have given to the Member Representative a Claim Notice
or Indemnity Notice, as applicable, pursuant to this Article VIII (whether or
not an Action shall have been commenced based upon such claim), such claim shall
continue to be subject to indemnification in accordance with this Article VIII
notwithstanding such expiration until such claim is finally determined. The
representations and warranties made by the Company (as modified by the Company
Disclosure Schedule and the Closing Certificate) and the rights and remedies
that may be

45

exercised by the Parent Indemnified Parties, shall not be limited or otherwise
affected by or as a result of any information furnished to, or any investigation
made by or knowledge of, any of the Parent Indemnified Parties or any of their
agents or representatives.

 (b) Except as set forth in Section 8.2(b), nothing contained in this
Section 8.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall limit any rights or remedy of
any Parent Indemnified Party for claims for fraud.

 SECTION 8.2 Indemnification.

 (a) Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII, from and after the
Closing, Parent and the Surviving Company (collectively, the "Parent Indemnified
Parties") shall be held harmless and indemnified from and against all
Liabilities, losses, injuries, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and
expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, consultants,
experts and other professional fees) (collectively, "Losses") that Parent
Indemnified Parties or any of them incur arising from (i) any inaccuracy in or
breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement
(as modified by the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Closing Certificate)
without regard to any "materiality" or "Company Material Adverse Effect"
qualifiers set forth in such representations or warranties, (ii) any inaccuracy
in or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company or its
officers in the Closing Certificate (as modified by the Company Disclosure
Schedule) without regard to any "materiality" or "Company Material Adverse
Effect" qualifiers set forth in such representations or warranties, (iii) the
breach of any covenants of the Company contained herein requiring performance on
or prior to the Closing Date, (iv) any Liability of the Company for a breach of
the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.8, except for breaches
that result in Liabilities that do not to exceed 25,000 in the aggregate, (v)
any unpaid Transaction Expenses, and (vi) any claims of Unitholders or
Optionholders against the Company, Merger Sub, the Surviving Company or any of
their respective Affiliates arising from or related to the Merger, this
Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby.

 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Parent
Indemnified Parties shall have indemnification as to each Unitholder as of the
Closing, pro rata in proportion to their respective amounts contributed to the
Escrow Fund, and the sole sources of payment for any claim by a Parent
Indemnified Party pursuant to this Article VIII shall be the amount contained in
the Escrow Fund; provided however, that in the case of claims for fraud, the
liability of each such holder may exceed such holder's pro rata portion of the
Escrow Fund, but shall not exceed the net proceeds received by such holder under
this Agreement (including the Escrow Agreement). The terms and conditions under
which Parent and the Surviving Company shall be entitled to recover amounts from
the Escrow Fund are set forth in the Escrow Agreement.

 SECTION 8.3 Indemnification Procedures. Claims for indemnification under
this Agreement shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

46

(a) A Parent Indemnified Party claiming indemnification under this
Agreement (an "Indemnified Party") with respect to any claims asserted against
the Indemnified Party by a third party ("Third Party Claim") that could give
rise to a right of indemnification under this Agreement shall promptly (i)
notify the Member Representative of the Third Party Claim, and (ii) transmit to
the Escrow Agent and the Member Representative a written notice ("Claim Notice")
describing in reasonable detail the nature of the Third Party Claim, a copy of
all papers served with respect to such claim (if any), the Indemnified Party's
best estimate of the amount of Losses attributable to the Third Party Claim and
the basis of the Indemnified Party's request for indemnification under this
Agreement. Failure to provide such Claim Notice shall not affect the right of
the Indemnified Party's indemnification hereunder, except to the extent the
Member Representative demonstrates actual prejudice as a result of such failure.

 (b) Parent shall have full control of the defense of the Indemnified
Party against such Third Party Claim. Parent shall defend such Third Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by Parent
to a final conclusion or settled by Parent, provided, that no settlement shall
be reached without the consent of the Member Representative, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless such settlement does not require
any indemnification pursuant to this Article VIII. Parent shall keep the Member
Representative reasonably informed as to the status of the defense. The Member
Representative may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of
any Third Party Claim controlled by Parent pursuant to this Section 8.3(b), and
the Member Representative shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to
such participation.

 (c) If the Member Representative reserves the right to dispute whether
any claim is an indemnifiable Loss under this Article VIII, the determination of
whether the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be
resolved either by the parties or pursuant to the dispute resolution procedures
set forth in the Escrow Agreement.

 (d) In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim hereunder
which does not involve a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall promptly
transmit to the Member Representative a written notice (the "Indemnity Notice")
describing in reasonable detail the nature of the claim, the Indemnified Party's
best estimate of the amount of Losses attributable to such claim and the basis
of the Indemnified Party's request for indemnification under this Agreement. Any
Indemnity Notice related to a claim for misrepresentation or breach of warranty
shall state in reasonable detail the alleged basis for the breach of the
representation or warranty with respect to which the claim is made. The
resolution of such claims shall be resolved as set forth in the Escrow
Agreement.

 (e) In the event a Parent Indemnified Party shall recover Losses in
respect of a claim of indemnification under this Article VIII, no other Parent
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to recover the same Losses in respect of a
claim for indemnification.

 (f) Parent, the Surviving Company and the Member Representative shall
cooperate with each other in respect to resolving any claims, including by
making commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate or resolve any such claims.
Parent Indemnified Parties shall provide the Member Representative and its
Representatives with reasonable access to their

47

records, books, and Representatives during normal business hours in connection
with the investigation and evaluation of any claim made from time to time.

 SECTION 8.4 Limitation on Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, a Parent Indemnified Party shall not be entitled to
indemnification under Sections 8.2(a)(i), (ii) (other than with respect to the
Closing Certificate) and (iii), unless and until (x) any individual Loss exceeds
 20,000 and (y) the aggregate Losses incurred by Parent Indemnified Parties
exceed the sum of 500,000 (the "Deductible Amount"), at which point such
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to indemnification for all such Losses in
excess of such Deductible Amount.

 SECTION 8.5 Sole Remedy. Subject to the exceptions set forth in Section
8.2(b) with respect to claims for indemnification for fraud, the sole sources of
recovery for the indemnification obligations set forth in this Article VIII
shall be the amount in the Escrow Fund, to be held and disbursed pursuant to the
terms and conditions set forth in the Escrow Agreement. Subject to the
exceptions set forth in Section 8.2(b) with respect to claims for
indemnification for fraud, all claims for indemnification made pursuant to this
Article VIII shall be effected solely by recovery against funds held in the
Escrow Fund, if any, at the time of any such claim for indemnification. The
terms and conditions under which Parent and the Surviving Company shall be
entitled to recover amounts from the Escrow Fund are set forth in the Escrow
Agreement.

 SECTION 8.6 No Indemnification or Contribution. Each holder of Units hereby
waives, and acknowledges and agrees that he, she or it shall not have and shall
not exercise or assert (or attempt to exercise or assert), any right of
contribution, right of indemnity or other right or remedy against Parent or the
Surviving Company (whether as a result of the Company's Operating Agreement, any
indemnification agreement, any statute, common law, equitable right or
otherwise) in connection with any indemnification obligation to which he, she or
it may become subject under or in connection with this Agreement or any other
agreement or document delivered to Parent in connection with this Agreement.

 SECTION 8.7 Exclusive Remedy. Subject to Section 8.2(b), the remedies
provided for in this Article VIII shall be Parent Indemnified Parties' exclusive
remedy with respect to all claims arising pursuant to or as a result of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including for any
misrepresentation or breach of warranty or breach of covenant under this
Agreement, and no Parent Indemnified Party shall pursue or seek to pursue any
other remedy (other than injunctive relief, specific performance or other
equitable relief). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.7,
the right to indemnification or other rights based on the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements, undertakings and obligations of the parties
contained in this Agreement or any other exhibit or schedule hereto or any
certificate or document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, will not be
affected by any investigation or examination conducted with respect to, or any
knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired) at any time, whether before or
after the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Closing Date, with
respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with, any such
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, undertaking or obligation.
Without limiting the foregoing, no information or knowledge obtained in any due
diligence investigation done by Parent shall affect or be deemed to modify any
representation or warranty contained in Article V or in any certificate
delivered pursuant to this Agreement, provided, that Parent shall be deemed

48

to have knowledge of matters and documents referenced on the Company Disclosure
Schedule and the Closing Certificate.

 SECTION 8.8 Member Representative.

 (a) The parties have agreed that it is desirable to designate a
representative to act on behalf of the holders of Units for certain limited
purposes, as specified herein (the "Member Representative"). The parties have
designated Ned Scherer as the initial Member Representative, and approval of
this Agreement by or on behalf of the requisite holders of each class of Units
shall constitute ratification and approval of such designation. The Member
Representative may resign at any time, and the Member Representative may be
removed by the vote of Persons that collectively owned Units constituting more
than a majority of the outstanding Units immediately prior to the Effective Time
(the "Majority Unitholders"). In the event that the Member Representative has
resigned or been removed, a new Member Representative shall be appointed by the
Majority Unitholders, such appointment to become effective upon the written
acceptance thereof by the new Member Representative.

 (b) The Member Representative shall have such powers and authority as
are necessary to carry out the functions assigned to it under this Agreement;
provided, however, that the Member Representative will have no obligation to act
on behalf of the holders of Units and Company Options except as expressly
provided herein. The Member Representative will have no liability to Parent,
Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of Units with respect to actions taken or
omitted to be taken in its capacity as Member Representative, except with
respect to the Member Representative's willful misconduct. The Member
Representative will at all times be entitled to rely on any directions received
from the Majority Unitholders; provided, however, that the Member Representative
shall not be required to follow any such direction, and shall be under no
obligation to take any action in its capacity as Member Representative, unless
the Member Representative has been provided with funds, security or indemnities
which, in the sole determination of the Member Representative, are sufficient to
protect the Member Representative against the Losses which may be incurred by
the Member Representative in responding to such direction or taking such action.
The Member Representative shall be entitled to engage such counsel, experts and
other agents and consultants as it shall deem necessary in connection with
exercising its powers and performing its function hereunder and (in the absence
of bad faith on the part of the Member Representative) shall be entitled to
conclusively rely on the opinions and advice of such Persons. Any expenses
incurred by the Member Representative with respect to the foregoing shall be
solely the responsibility of the holders of the Units as of the Closing, and in
no event shall the Member Representative be entitled to reimbursement for any
such expenses from the Escrow Fund, except as set forth in the Escrow Agreement.

 SECTION 8.9 Characterization of Indemnity Payments. For all applicable
income tax purposes, indemnity payments pursuant to this Article VIII shall be
accounted for by the parties as adjustments to the consideration transferred by
Parent pursuant to or as a result of the Merger.

 SECTION 8.10 No Double Recovery; Tax Benefits; Use of Insurance.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Indemnified Party shall be
entitled to indemnification or reimbursement under any provision of this
Agreement for any amount to the extent such Indemnified Party has been
indemnified or reimbursed for such amount under any

49

other provision of this Agreement or otherwise. The amount of any
indemnification payable under this Agreement will be net of (a) any net Tax
benefits that the Indemnified Party receives or is entitled to by reason of the
Loss giving rise to the indemnification payment (taking into account the amount
of income or gain recognized or required to be recognized by Merger Sub or
Parent or their respective successors and assigns by virtue of all indemnity
payments arising as a result of such Loss) and (b) the receipt of any insurance
proceeds paid or payable to the Indemnified Party under any policies of
insurance covering the Loss giving rise to the claim. The Indemnified Party will
use commercially reasonable efforts to collect any such insurance and will
account to the Member Representative therefor. If, at any time subsequent to the
Indemnified Party receiving an indemnity payment for a claim under this
Agreement, the Indemnified Party receives payment in respect of the Loss
underlying such claim through recovery, settlement or otherwise under or
pursuant to any insurance coverage, or pursuant to any claim, recovery,
settlement or payment by or against another Person, the amount of such payment,
less any costs, expenses or premiums incurred or increased directly in
connection therewith, will promptly be repaid by the Indemnified Party to the
Indemnifying Party.

 SECTION 8.11 Measure of Damages. Except in the case of claims for fraud,
Parent shall only be entitled to recover to recover direct damages and shall not
be entitled to make a claim for any amounts in respect of consequential,
incidental or indirect damages, lost profits or punitive damages and, in
particular, no "multiple of profits" or "multiple of cash flow" or similar
valuation methodology shall be used in calculating the amount of any Losses.

 SECTION 8.12 Valuation of Escrowed Common Stock. In the event that recovery
with respect to any claim for indemnification is made hereunder by any Parent
Indemnified Party which results in the transfer of Escrowed Common Stock (or
cash received by the Escrow Agent from the disposition of Escrowed Common
Stock), such Escrowed Common Stock shall be valued for the purposes of this
Agreement at the Parent Common Stock Price.

 ARTICLE IX.
 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF
 PARENT; INDEMNIFICATION

 SECTION 9.1 Survival

 (a) The representations and warranties made by Parent in Article VI
and in each certificate delivered at Closing and the covenants made by Parent in
Article VII shall survive through the Survival Period. No claim for a breach of
a representation, warranty or covenant may be made or brought by a Article IX
Indemnified Party after the expiration of the Survival Period for such
representation, warranty or covenant; provided, that if, prior to the expiration
of the applicable Survival Period, an Article IX Indemnified Party shall have
given to Parent an Article IX Indemnity Notice pursuant to this Article IX, such
claim shall continue to be subject to indemnification in accordance with this
Article IX notwithstanding such expiration until such claim is finally
determined.

 (b) Nothing contained in this Section 9.1 or elsewhere in this
Agreement shall limit any rights or remedy of any Article IX Indemnified Party
for claims for fraud.

50

SECTION 9.2 Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of this Article IX,
from and after the Closing, Persons who were, immediately prior to the Effective
Time, Unitholders (collectively, the "Article IX Indemnified Parties") shall be
held harmless and indemnified from and against all Losses that the Article IX
Indemnified Parties or any of them incur arising from (i) any inaccuracy in or
breach of any representation or warranty made by Parent in this Agreement as of
the date of this Agreement (as modified by Parent Disclosure Schedule), (ii) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty, as modified by Parent
Disclosure Schedule, contained in any certificate delivered by Parent pursuant
to this Agreement at Closing, or (iii) the breach of any covenants of Parent
contained herein requiring performance on or prior to the Closing Date.

 SECTION 9.3 Indemnification Procedures. Claims for indemnification under
Article IX of this Agreement shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

 (a) No claim for indemnification shall be brought by any Article IX
Indemnified Party under this Agreement unless holders of a majority of the
outstanding Units of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time join in
the prosecution of, and become parties to, any such claim.

 (b) The Article IX Indemnified Party shall promptly transmit to Parent
a written notice (the "Article IX Indemnity Notice") describing in reasonable
detail the nature of the claim, the Article IX Indemnified Party's best estimate
of the amount of Losses attributable to such claim and the basis of the Article
IX Indemnified Party's request for indemnification under this Agreement. Any
Article IX Indemnity Notice related to a claim for misrepresentation or breach
of warranty shall state in reasonable detail the alleged basis for the breach of
the representation or warranty with respect to which the claim is made.

 (c) Parent and the Article IX Indemnified Parties shall cooperate with
each other in respect to resolving any claims, including by making commercially
reasonable efforts to mitigate or resolve any such claims. Article IX
Indemnified Parties shall promptly provide to Parent copies of excerpts from
their books and records and such other information as Parent may reasonably
request, in each case to the extent relevant to the claims under this Article
IX.

 SECTION 9.4 Limitation on Liability. Except for the failure to make
payments of consideration pursuant to Article III, an Article IX Indemnified
Party shall not be entitled to indemnification under this Article IX unless and
until (x) such party's individual Loss exceeds 20,000 and (y) the aggregate
Losses incurred by all Article IX Indemnified Parties exceed the sum of 500,000
(for purposes of this Article IX, the "Article IX Deductible Amount"), at which
point such Article IX Indemnified Party shall be entitled to indemnification for
all such Losses in excess of such Article IX Deductible Amount. Notwithstanding
any provision hereof to the contrary, except for the failure to make payments of
consideration pursuant to Article III, in no event shall the Article IX
Indemnified Parties be entitled to recover from Parent an amount in excess of
 10,500,000 (Ten Million Five Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars) in the aggregate.

 SECTION 9.5 Exclusive Remedy. The remedies provided for in this Article IX
shall be the Article IX Indemnified Parties' exclusive remedy with respect to
all claims arising pursuant to or as a result of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including

51

for any misrepresentation or breach of warranty or breach of covenant under this
Agreement, and no Article IX Indemnified Party shall pursue or seek to pursue
any other remedy (other than injunctive relief, specific performance or other
equitable relief).

 SECTION 9.6 No Double Recovery; Tax Benefits; Use of Insurance.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Article IX Indemnified Party
shall be entitled to indemnification under any provision of this Agreement for
any amount to the extent such Article IX Indemnified Party has been indemnified
or reimbursed for such amount under any other provision of this Agreement or
otherwise. The amount of any indemnification payable under this Agreement will
be net of (a) any net Tax benefits that the Article IX Indemnified Party
receives or is entitled to by reason of the Loss giving rise to the
indemnification payment (taking into account the amount of income or gain
recognized or required to be recognized by such Article IX Indemnified Party or
his or her respective successors and assigns by virtue of all indemnity payments
arising as a result of such Loss) and (b) the receipt of any insurance proceeds
paid or payable to such Article IX Indemnified Party under any policies of
insurance covering the Loss giving rise to the claim. The Article IX Indemnified
Party will use commercially reasonable efforts to collect any such insurance and
will account to Parent therefor. If, at any time subsequent to the Article IX
Indemnified Party receiving an indemnity payment for a claim under this
Agreement, the Article IX Indemnified Party receives payment in respect of the
Loss underlying such claim through recovery, settlement or otherwise under or
pursuant to any insurance coverage, or pursuant to any claim, recovery,
settlement or payment by or against another Person, the amount of such payment,
less any costs, expenses or premiums incurred or increased directly in
connection therewith, will promptly be repaid by the Article IX Indemnified
Party to Parent.

 SECTION 9.7 Measure of Damages. Except in the case of claims for fraud,
each Article IX Indemnified Party shall only be entitled to recover direct
damages and shall not be entitled to make a claim for any amounts in respect of
consequential, incidental or indirect damages, lost profits or punitive damages
and, in particular, no "multiple of profits" or "multiple of cash flow" or
similar valuation methodology shall be used in calculating the amount of any
Losses.

 ARTICLE X.
 GENERAL PROVISIONS

 SECTION 10.1 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, all fees and
disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants) incurred in
connection with the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement, the
performance of the terms hereof and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, shall be paid by the respective party incurring such costs
and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred.

 SECTION 10.2 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given or made as follows: (i) if sent by registered or certified
mail in the United States return receipt requested, upon receipt; (ii) if sent
by nationally recognized overnight air courier (such as DHL or Federal Express),
two (2) business days after mailing; (iii) if sent by facsimile transmission,
with a copy

52

mailed on the same day in the manner provided in clauses (i) or (ii) of this
Section 10.2, when transmitted and receipt is confirmed by telephone; and (iv)
if otherwise actually personally delivered, when delivered, provided that such
notices, requests, demands and other communications are delivered to the address
set forth below, or to such other address as any party shall provide by like
notice to the other parties hereto:

 (a) if to the Company, to:

 Visual Sciences, LLC
 1616 Anderson Road
 McLean, VA 22102
 Telephone: (202)595-0066
 Facsimile: (703)286-0889
 Attention: Chief Executive Officer

 with a copy to:

 Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
 Chrysler Center
 666 Third Avenue
 New York, NY 10017
 Telephone: (212)935-3000
 Facsimile: (212)983-3115
 Attention: Richard R. Kelly, Esq.

 (b) if to Parent or, if after the Closing, to the Company, to:

 WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor
 San Diego, CA 92121
 Telephone: (858)546-0695
 Facsimile: (858)546-0480
 Attention: General Counsel

 with a copy to:

 Latham & Watkins LLP
 12636 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400
 San Diego, California 92130
 Telephone: (858)523-5400
 Facsimile: (858)523-5450
 Attention: Barry M. Clarkson, Esq.

53

(c) if to the Member Representative, to:

 Ned Scherer
 Kaiser Scherer & Schlegel, PLLC
 1410 Spring Hill Road
 Suite 400
 Mclean, VA 22102
 Telephone: (703)847-4660
 Facsimile: (703)847-3189

 SECTION 10.3 Interpretation. The Article and Section headings in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter
or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof. References to
Articles or Sections in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, are
references to Articles or Sections of this Agreement. The parties to this
Agreement have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this
Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
arises with respect to any term or provision of this Agreement, this Agreement
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party
hereto by virtue of the authorship of any of the terms or provisions hereof. Any
reference to any federal, state, county, local or foreign statute or Law shall
be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
unless the context requires otherwise. For all purposes of and under this
Agreement, (i) the word "including" shall be deemed to be immediately followed
by the words "without limitation," (ii) words (including defined terms) in the
singular shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa, (iii) words of
one gender shall be deemed to include the other gender as the context requires,
and (iv) the terms "hereof," "herein," "hereto," "herewith" and any other words
of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this
Agreement as a whole (including all of the Schedules and Exhibits hereto) and
not to any particular term or provision of this Agreement, unless otherwise
specified.

 SECTION 10.4 Severability. In the event that any one or more of the terms
or provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other certificate,
instrument or other document referred to herein, shall, for any reason, be held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of
this Agreement or any other such certificate, instrument or other document
referred to herein, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to substitute one or more valid, legal and enforceable terms
or provisions into this Agreement which, insofar as practicable, implement the
purposes and intent hereof. Any term or provision of this Agreement held invalid
or unenforceable only in part, degree or within certain jurisdictions will
remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable
to the extent consistent with the intent of the parties as reflected by this
Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each party waives any term
or provision of Law which renders any term or provision of this Agreement to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect.

 SECTION 10.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Company
Disclosure Schedule, Parent Disclosure Schedule and the other Schedules and
Exhibits hereto and thereto) and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the
entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and supersede all prior agreements and

54

undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof, except as otherwise expressly provided herein.

 SECTION 10.6 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties
hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written
consent of the other parties hereto, and any purported assignment or other
transfer without such consent shall be void and unenforceable, except that,
after the Closing Date, the Surviving Company and Parent may each assign its
rights and obligations under this Agreement to (i) any Person that succeeds to
substantially all of its assets and liabilities or (ii) any Person that succeeds
to substantially all of the assets of the Business, as currently conducted or as
it may be conducted after the Closing Date; provided, that no such assignment by
the Surviving Company or Parent shall relieve the Surviving Company or Parent of
any of its obligations under this Agreement and each shall remain liable for
performance of its obligations hereunder as a primary obligor; and provided
further, that, prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall not assign any of
its rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of
and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.

 SECTION 10.7 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically provided
in Article III and Article IV (and solely with respect to parties to receive
consideration for Units and Company Options thereunder); Section 7.2 (and solely
with respect to parties indemnified thereunder); Section 7.7 (and solely with
respect to Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. with respect to
Transaction Expenses payable by Parent thereunder); or Section 7.8 (and solely
with respect to the Company employees receiving options as described therein),
this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and nothing herein,
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any
legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by
reason of this Agreement.

 SECTION 10.8 Waivers and Amendments. This Agreement may be amended or
modified only by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto. Any
failure of a party hereto to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or
condition herein may be waived by the party entitled to the benefits thereof
only by a written instrument signed by the party granting such waiver. No delay
on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of
any party hereto of any right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver
of any other right, power or privilege hereunder, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege hereunder. Unless otherwise provided, the rights and remedies herein
provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which
the parties hereto may otherwise have at law or in equity. Whenever this
Agreement requires or permits consent by or on behalf of a party, such consent
shall be given in writing in a manner consistent with the requirements for a
waiver of compliance as set forth in this Section 10.8.

 SECTION 10.9 Equitable Remedies. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges
and agrees that the other parties hereto would be irreparably damaged in the
event that any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement are not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached. Therefore,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this

55

Agreement, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the other parties
hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, and to enforce specifically
the performance by such first party under this Agreement. The equitable remedies
described in this Section 10.9 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any
other remedies at law or in equity that the parties hereto may elect to pursue.

 SECTION 10.10 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Delaware applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within
the State of Delaware. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submits, for itself and its assets and properties, to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any state court or Federal court of the United States
of America located in the State of Delaware, and any appellate court from any
thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, the agreements delivered in connection herewith, or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or for recognition or enforcement of any
judgment relating thereto, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally (i) agrees not to commence any such action or proceeding except
in such courts, (ii) agrees that any claim in respect of any such action or
proceeding may be heard and determined in such Delaware State court or, to the
extent permitted by law, in such Federal court, (iii) waives, to the fullest
extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in any
such Delaware State or Federal court, and (iv) waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of
such action or proceeding in any such Delaware State or Federal court. Each of
the parties hereto hereby agrees that a final judgment in any such action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided
for notices in Section 10.2. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of
any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by
applicable Law.

 SECTION 10.11 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO
INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE, IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT
OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (II) IT UNDERSTANDS
AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (III) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS
VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.11.

56

SECTION 10.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but
all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

57

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and the Member
Representative have caused this Agreement to be duly executed, each as of the
date first above written.

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 a Delaware corporation

/s/ Jeffrey W. Lunsford
 ----------------------------------------
 Name: Jeffrey W. Lunsford
 Title: Chief Executive Officer

VS ACQUISITION LLC,
 a Delaware limited liability company

 BY: WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 a Delaware corporation, its sole
 managing member

/s/ Jeffrey W. Lunsford
 ----------------------------------------
 Name: Jeffrey W. Lunsford
 Title: Chief Executive Officer

VISUAL SCIENCES, LLC,
 a Delaware limited liability company

/s/ James W. MacIntyre, IV
 ----------------------------------------
 Name: James W. MacIntyre, IV
 Title: Chief Executive Officer

NED SCHERER,
 solely as Member Representative

/s/ Ned Scherer
 ----------------------------------------

58

EXHIBIT A

 NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

 This Non-Competition Agreement (this "Agreement") is being executed
and delivered as of February __, 2006 by and between ___________ ("Unitholder")
and WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent").

 WHEREAS, Visual Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the "Company"), Parent and VS Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), have entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which
the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub (the "Transaction").

 WHEREAS, goodwill was a material consideration in Parent's decision to
enter into the Transaction. If Unitholder were to compete with the business of
Parent and the Company and Merger Sub subsequent to the consummation of the
Transaction, such competition would materially and adversely affect the value of
the business acquired by Parent in the Transaction.

 WHEREAS, in connection with the Transaction and to more fully secure
unto Parent the benefits of the Transaction, Parent has requested that
Unitholder enter into this Agreement, and Unitholder has agreed to enter into
this Agreement.

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

 1. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS BY UNITHOLDER. Unitholder acknowledges that the promises
and restrictive covenants that Unitholder is providing in this Agreement are
reasonable and necessary to the protection of Parent's business and Parent's
legitimate interests in the Transaction (including the Company's goodwill)
pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Unitholder acknowledges that, in connection
with the consummation of the Transaction, all of Unitholder's Units in the
Company will be converted into Parent Common Stock, Senior Notes, Parent
warrants and cash. Unitholder further acknowledges that he will be eligible to
receive additional stock options from Parent, and that goodwill was a material
consideration in Parent's decision to enter into the Transaction. Unitholder
acknowledges that if Unitholder were to compete with the business of the Company
subsequent to the consummation of the Transaction, such competition could
materially and adversely affect the value of the business acquired by Parent in
the Transaction.

 2. NON-COMPETITION. During the period commencing at the Effective Time and
ending on twenty-four (24) months from the Effective Time (the "Restrictive
Period"), Unitholder shall not be or become an officer, director, Unitholder,
owner, affiliate, salesperson, co-owner, partner, trustee, promoter, technician,
engineer, analyst, employee, agent, representative, supplier, investor or
lender, consultant, advisor or manager of or to, or otherwise acquire or hold
any interest in any person or entity that competes directly with the Company
Business (as defined below) as conducted by the Company on or during the six (6)
months preceding the Effective Time, which for purposes of this Agreement shall
mean and be limited to

the business of developing and providing software or enabling services for use
by businesses to conduct web site and/or interactive telephone system usage
analytics (collectively, the "Company Business"); provided, however, that
nothing in this Section 2 shall prevent Unitholder from owning as a passive
investment less than one percent (1 of the outstanding shares of the capital
stock of a publicly-held corporation if (A) such shares are actively traded on
an established national securities market in the United States and (B)
Unitholder is not otherwise associated directly or indirectly with such
corporation or any affiliate of such corporation.

 3. NON-SOLICITATION. During the Restrictive Period, Unitholder shall not,
directly or indirectly, solicit to employ (other than for the benefit of the
Company) any person who is at the time of such solicitation known by Unitholder
to be an employee of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Company
and its successors) without obtaining the prior written consent of Parent (it
being understood that any newspaper or other public solicitation not directed
specifically to such person shall not be deemed to be a solicitation for
purposes of this provision).

 4. INDEPENDENCE OF OBLIGATIONS. The covenants and obligations of Unitholder
set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as independent of any other
agreement or arrangement between Unitholder, on the one hand, and Parent, on the
other hand.

 5. SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. Unitholder agrees that in the event of any breach
or threatened breach by Unitholder of any covenant, obligation or other
provision contained in this Agreement, Parent shall be entitled (in addition to
any other remedy that may be available to it) to the extent permitted by
Applicable Law to (a) a decree or order of specific performance to enforce the
observance and performance of such covenant, obligation or other provision and
(b) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach.

 6. NON-EXCLUSIVITY. The rights and remedies of Parent hereunder are not
exclusive of or limited by any other rights or remedies which Parent may have,
whether at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise, all of which shall be
cumulative (and not alternative). Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the rights and remedies of Parent hereunder, and the obligations and
liabilities of Unitholder hereunder, are in addition to their respective rights,
remedies, obligations and liabilities under the law of unfair competition,
misappropriation of trade secrets and the like. This Agreement does not limit
Unitholder's obligations or the rights of Parent under the terms of (a) the
Merger Agreement or (b) the terms of any other agreement executed by Unitholder
and Parent.

 7. NOTICES. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be
delivered to Unitholder or Parent under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed properly delivered, given and received if (a) delivered in
person, (b) transmitted by telecopy (with written confirmation), (c) mailed by
certified or registered mail (return receipt requested) (in which case such
notice shall be deemed given on the third (3rd) day after such mailing, but only
if deposited at a U.S. Postal Service office in California) or (d) delivered by
an express courier (with written confirmation) to the parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
notice):

2

IF TO PARENT: WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor
 San Diego, California 92121
 Facsimile: (858) 546-0695
 Attention: General Counsel

 With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

 Latham & Watkins LLP
 12636 High Bluff Drive
 San Diego, California 92130
 Facsimile: (858) 523-5450
 Attention: Barry M. Clarkson, Esq.

 IF TO UNITHOLDER: [Name]
 [Address]

 8. SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this
Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted
to be only so broadly as is enforceable.

 9. GOVERNING LAW. The validity and effect of this Agreement and the rights
and obligations of the parties hereto shall be construed and determined in
accordance with the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the parties agree
that any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be litigated
in the federal, state or local courts in the Commonwealth of Virginia, which
shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue over the parties with respect to any
such dispute.

 10. WAIVER. No failure on the part of any party to exercise any power,
right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay on the part of any
party in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement,
shall operate as a waiver of such power, right, privilege or remedy; and no
single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right,
privilege or remedy. No party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising
out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this
Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or remedy is
expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on
behalf of such party; and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any
effect except in the specific instance in which it is given.

 11. CAPTIONS. The captions contained in this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only, shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement and shall
not be referred to in connection with the construction or interpretation of this
Agreement.

3

12. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Unitholder shall execute and/or cause to be
delivered to Parent such instruments and other documents and shall take such
other actions as Parent may reasonably request to effectuate the intent and
purposes of this Agreement.

 13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of
the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings between any of such parties relating to the
subject matter hereof.

 14. AMENDMENTS; TERMINATION. This Agreement may not be amended, modified,
altered, or supplemented other than by means of a written instrument duly
executed and delivered on behalf of Parent and Unitholder. This Agreement shall
automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the
termination of the Restrictive Period.

 15. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement and all obligations hereunder are personal
to Unitholder and may not be transferred or assigned by Unitholder at any time.
Parent may assign its rights and delegate its obligations under this Agreement
in whole or in part, without the consent or approval of Unitholder or any other
person or entity, to (i) a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, in which event all
of the rights and powers of Parent and remedies available to Parent under this
Agreement shall extend to and be enforceable by such subsidiary (provided that
Parent remains jointly and severally liable with such assignee for any
obligations of Parent hereunder after such assignment) or (ii) any person or
entity that acquires Parent, whether by way of merger or the purchase of all of
Parent's outstanding capital stock or substantially all of Parent's assets.

 16. BINDING NATURE; INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. Subject to Section 15
hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their
representatives, executors, administrators, estate, heirs, successors and
assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and assigns. The parties agree that this Agreement shall not be
interpreted against either party solely because this Agreement was drafted by
attorneys for Parent.

 17. SIGNATURE IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be signed in
counterparts.

 18. DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

 [Signature page follows]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties here executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.

UNITHOLDER: PARENT:

Name: WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 ------------------------------- A DELAWARE CORPORATION

Signature: By:
 -------------------------- ------------------------------------
Address: Name:
 ---------------------------- ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------- ---------------------------------

 [Counterpart Signature Page to Non-Competition Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties here executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.

UNITHOLDER: PARENT:

Name: WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 ------------------------------- A DELAWARE CORPORATION

Signature: By:
 -------------------------- ------------------------------------
Address: Name:
 ---------------------------- ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------- ---------------------------------

 [Counterpart Signature Page to Non-Competition Agreement]

EXHIBIT B

 [RESERVED]

EXHIBIT C

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

 This Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (this
"AGREEMENT") dated as of February ____, 2006 is entered into by and among
WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), certain investors as
listed on Schedule A attached hereto (each an "EXISTING INVESTOR," and
collectively, the "EXISTING INVESTORS"), certain entities and individuals as
listed on Schedule B attached hereto (each an "AVIVO INVESTOR," and
collectively, the "AVIVO INVESTORS"), and certain entities and individuals as
listed on Schedule C attached hereto (each a "VS INVESTOR," and collectively,
the "VS INVESTORS," and together with the Existing Investors and the Avivo
Investors, the "INVESTORS").

 RECITALS

 WHEREAS, the Company and the Existing Investors entered into that certain
Registration Rights Agreement dated June 18, 1999, as amended on June 30, 2000,
December 12, 2000, March 2, 2001, July 21, 2004 and September 16, 2004
(collectively, the "ORIGINAL AGREEMENT"), under which the Company granted
certain registration rights to the Existing Investors;

 WHEREAS, the Company, the Existing Investors and the Avivo Investors
entered into that certain Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement
dated May 4, 2005 (the "AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT"), under which the
Company granted certain registration rights to the Avivo Investors;

 WHEREAS, the Company, VS Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("MERGER SUB"), and
Visual Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("VS") are entering
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, of even date herewith (as it may be
amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the "MERGER
AGREEMENT"), which provides for the merger (the "MERGER") of VS with and into
Merger Sub, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement;

 WHEREAS, as a condition to consummating the Merger, the Company and the
undersigned Existing Investors and Avivo Investors are required to enter into
this Agreement to grant the VS Investors certain registration rights hereunder;

 WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Agreement provides that an amendment of
the Amended and Restated Agreement may be effected by the written consent of the
Company and investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities (as such
term is defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement) thereunder;

 WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Agreement provides that the Company may
not grant registration rights to third parties that are on a parity with the
registration rights granted under the Amended and Restated Agreement without the
consent of a Majority Interest (as such term is defined in the Amended and
Restated Agreement) of the Existing Investors;

WHEREAS, the undersigned Existing Investors constitute holders of not less
than a Majority Interest of the Existing Investors and the undersigned Existing
Investors and Avivo Investors constitute holders of not less than a majority of
the Registrable Securities under the Amended and Restated Agreement, and
therefore, are entitled to bind all other holders of Registrable Securities who
are parties to the Amended and Restated Agreement; and

 WHEREAS, the Company and the undersigned Existing Investors and Avivo
Investors hereby agree that the Amended and Restated Agreement shall be
superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement.

 AGREEMENT

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set
forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

 1. Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following respective meanings:

 "BOARD OF DIRECTORS" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

 "COMMISSION" shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, or any other federal agency at the time administering the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act.

 "COMMON STOCK" shall mean the common stock of the Company and any other
securities into which or for which such common stock may be converted or
exchanged pursuant to a plan of recapitalization, reorganization, merger, sale
of assets or otherwise.

 "COMPANY" shall refer to the Company and any successor or successors
thereto.

 "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or any similar successor federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

 "MAJORITY INTEREST" means the Existing Investors holding not less than a
majority in interest in the outstanding Registrable Securities held by all
Existing Investors.

 "PERSON" shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a joint
venture, a trust, an unincorporated organization, a limited liability company or
partnership, a government and any agency or political subdivision thereof.

 "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES" shall mean (i) with respect to the Existing
Investors and Avivo Investors, any shares of Common Stock that constituted
Registrable Securities pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated
Agreement, (ii) with respect to the VS Investors, the shares of Common Stock (x)
issuable pursuant to the Merger Agreement and originally held in escrow pursuant
thereto or (y) issuable upon exercise of the Parent Warrants (as such term is
defined in the Merger Agreement) issued pursuant to Sections 3.1(a)(ii) and
3.3(a)(ii) of the Merger Agreement, and (iii) any other securities issued and
issuable with respect to any such shares of

2

Common Stock described in clauses (i) and (ii) above by way of a stock dividend
or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
merger, consolidation or other reorganization; provided, however, that
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, "REGISTRABLE
SECURITIES" shall not at any time include any securities (i) registered and sold
pursuant to the Securities Act, (ii) sold to the public pursuant to Rule 144,
(iii) which could then be sold in their entirety pursuant to Rule 144(k) without
limitation or restriction, (iv) shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of
stock options or issued upon restricted stock grants or (v) shares acquired in
open market transactions.

 "REGISTRATION EXPENSES" shall mean the expenses so described in Section 6
hereof.

 "RULE 144" shall mean Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any
comparable successor rules).

 "SECURITIES ACT" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any
similar successor federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

 2. Demand Registrations.

 (a) At any time after the date hereof, (x) a Majority Interest or (y)
VS Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities held by all VS
Investors may notify the Company that they intend to offer or cause to be
offered for public sale all or any portion of their Registrable Securities
(representing offering proceeds aggregating not less than 10 million) in the
manner specified in such request. Upon receipt of such request, the Company
shall promptly deliver notice of such request to all Persons holding Registrable
Securities who shall then have thirty (30) days to notify the Company in writing
of their desire to be included in such registration. If the request for
registration contemplates an underwritten public offering, the Company shall
state such in the written notice and in such event the right of any Person to
participate in such registration shall be conditioned upon their participation
in such underwritten public offering and the inclusion of their Registrable
Securities in the underwritten public offering to the extent provided herein.
The Company shall expeditiously prepare and file, and use its reasonable best
efforts to cause to become effective, the registration statement for all
Registrable Securities whose holders request participation in such registration
under the Securities Act and to qualify such Registrable Securities for sale
under any state blue sky law; provided, however, that the Company shall not be
required to effect registration pursuant to a request under this Section 2 more
than two (2) times pursuant to (x) above or one (1) time pursuant to (y) above
for the holders of the Registrable Securities as a group. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company receives a request for
registration under this Section 2, then (i) the Company may advise the
requesting Investors, within fifteen (15) days of its receipt of such request,
that it intends to file a registration statement for the primary issuance of
securities in an underwritten public offering, and (ii) assuming that the
Company files such registration statement within seventy-five (75) days of its
receipt of such request, the Company's registration obligations under this
Section 2 shall not apply with respect to such request and no additional request
may be made under this Section 2 within one hundred eighty (180) days after the
effective date of such registration statement. In addition, the Company may
postpone the filing or the effectiveness of any registration statement pursuant
to this Section

3

2 for a reasonable time period, provided that such postponements shall not
exceed one hundred twenty (120) days in the aggregate during any twelve (12)
month period, if (i) the Company has been advised by legal counsel that such
filing or effectiveness would require disclosure of a material financing,
acquisition or other corporate transaction or development, and the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith that such disclosure is not in
the best interests of the Company and its stockholders or (ii) the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith that there is a valid business
purpose or reason for delaying filing or effectiveness. A registration will not
count as a requested registration under this Section 2(a) until the registration
statement relating to such registration has been declared effective by the
Commission at the request of the initiating holders and remained effective for
the lesser of (i) the period during which all Registrable Securities registered
thereunder have been sold or (ii) 45 days; provided, however, that, if a
majority in interest of the participating holders of Registrable Securities
shall request, in writing, that the Company withdraw a registration statement
which has been filed under this Section 2(a) but not yet been declared
effective, a majority in interest of such holders may thereafter request the
Company to reinstate such registration statement, if permitted under the
Securities Act, or to file another registration statement, in accordance with
the procedures set forth herein.

 (b) If a requested registration pursuant to Section 2(a) involves an
underwritten public offering and the managing underwriter of such offering
determines in good faith that the number of securities sought to be offered
should be limited due to market conditions, then the number of securities to be
included in such underwritten public offering shall be reduced to a number
deemed satisfactory by such managing underwriter, provided that the shares to be
excluded shall be determined in the following sequence: (i) first, securities
held by any other Persons (other than the Investors holding Registrable
Securities) not having either registration rights or contractual, incidental
"piggy back" rights to include such securities in the registration statement,
(ii) second, shares sought to be registered by the Company, and (iii) third,
Registrable Securities, it being understood that no shares shall be registered
for the account of the Company or any shareholder other than the Investors
unless all Registrable Securities for which Investors have requested
registration have been registered. If there is a reduction of the number of
Registrable Securities pursuant to clauses (i) or (iii), such reduction shall be
made on a pro rata basis (based upon the aggregate number of shares of
Registrable Securities held by the holders in each tranche and subject to the
priorities set forth in the preceding sentence).

 (c) With respect to a request for registration pursuant to Section
2(a) which is for an underwritten public offering, the managing underwriter
shall be chosen by the Investors holding not less than a Majority Interest of
the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering, subject to the Company's
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed. The Company may not cause any other registration of securities for sale
for its own account (other than a registration effected solely to implement an
employee benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 of the Securities Act
is applicable) to become effective within one hundred eighty (180) days
following the effective date of any registration required pursuant to this
Section 2 or such lesser period as may be consented to by the managing
underwriter.

 3. Piggyback Registration. If the Company at any time proposes to register
any of its Common Stock under the Securities Act for sale to the public
(including pursuant to a demand under Section 2 hereof as provided therein and
except with respect to registration statements on

4

Forms S-4, S-8 or another form not available for registering the Registrable
Securities for sale to the public), each such time it will give written notice
at the applicable address of record to each holder of Registrable Securities of
its intention to do so. Upon the written request of any of such holders of the
Registrable Securities, given within thirty (30) days after receipt by such
Person of such notice, the Company will, subject to the limits contained in this
Section 3, use its reasonable best efforts to cause all such Registrable
Securities of said requesting holders to be registered under the Securities Act
and qualified for sale under any state blue sky law, all to the extent required
to permit such sale or other disposition of said Registrable Securities;
provided, however, that if the Company is advised in writing in good faith by
any managing underwriter of the Company's securities being offered in a public
offering pursuant to such registration statement that the amount to be sold by
Persons other than the Company (collectively, "SELLING STOCKHOLDERS") is greater
than the amount which can be offered without adversely affecting the offering,
the Company may reduce the amount offered for the accounts of Selling
Stockholders (including such holders of shares of Registrable Securities) to a
number deemed satisfactory by such managing underwriter; and provided further,
that the shares to be excluded shall be determined in the following sequence
(except with respect to a demand under Section 2 hereof): (i) first, securities
held by any Persons not having any such contractual, incidental registration
rights; (ii) second, securities held by any Persons having contractual,
incidental registration rights pursuant to an agreement which is not this
Agreement; (iii) third, securities held by the Founders (as defined in the Stock
Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 19, 1999, by and among the Company, the
Founders and the investors named in Exhibit A thereto); and (iv) fourth, all
Registrable Securities in each case as determined on a pro rata basis in
accordance with their holdings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
the number of Registrable Securities included in a registration pursuant to this
section be reduced to less than twenty percent (20 of all shares to be
registered.

 4. Resale Shelf Registration Statement.

 (a) Within thirty (30) days following the earlier to occur of (i) the
date that the Company qualifies for the use of Form S-3 and (ii) March 15, 2007,
the Company shall file with the Commission a registration statement (the "Shelf
Registration Statement") relating to the offer and sale of all Registrable
Securities by the VS Investors to the public, from time to time, on a delayed or
continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (subject to any
Suspension Period(s) referred to below). The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective
by the Commission as soon as practicable after the filing thereof with the
Commission. The Shelf Registration Statement shall specify the intended methods
of distribution of the subject Registrable Securities, which in no event shall
include underwritten offerings, whether on a firm commitment or best efforts
basis.

 (b) The Company shall (i) cause the Shelf Registration Statement to
include a resale prospectus intended to permit each VS Investor to sell, at such
Investor's election, all or part of the Registrable Securities held by such
Investor without restriction but in accordance with the intended methods of
distribution set forth therein, (ii) prepare and file with the Commission such
supplements, amendments and post-effective amendments to the Shelf Registration
Statement as may be necessary to keep the Shelf Registration Statement
continuously effective (subject to any Suspension Period(s) referred to below)
until August 15, 2007 (the "Required Period"), and (iii) use its reasonable
efforts to cause the resale prospectus to be supplemented by any required

5

prospectus supplement (subject to any Suspension Period(s) referred to below)
during the Required Period; provided, however, that with respect to Registrable
Securities registered pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement, each VS
Investor agrees that it will not enter into any transaction for the sale of any
Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration statement during the time
after the furnishing of the Company's notice that the Company is preparing a
supplement to or an amendment of such resale prospectus or Shelf Registration
Statement and until the filing and effectiveness thereof.

 (c) The Company may, by notice in writing to each Investor, require
Investors to suspend use of any resale prospectus included in the Shelf
Registration Statement for a reasonable time period (each such period, a
"Suspension Period"), provided that all such suspensions shall not exceed one
hundred twenty (120) days in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period,
if (i) the Company has been advised by legal counsel that such continued use
would require disclosure of a material financing, acquisition or other corporate
transaction or development, and the Board of Directors of the Company determines
in good faith that such disclosure is not in the best interests of the Company
and its stockholders or (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company determines in
good faith that there is a valid business purpose or reason for suspending such
continued use. In the event of each Suspension Period, the Required Period shall
be extended for a period equal to the number of days elapsed during such
Suspension Period.

 (d) Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of notice from the Company
of the commencement of a Suspension Period (a "Suspension Notice"), such
Investor will forthwith discontinue any disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement or any public sale or distribution,
including pursuant to Rule 144, until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the
Suspension Period and (ii) such Investor's receipt of a notice from the Company
to the effect that such suspension has terminated. If so directed by the
Company, such Investor will deliver to the Company (at the Company's expense)
all copies, other than permanent file copies, then in such Investor's
possession, of the most recent resale prospectus covering such Registrable
Securities at the time of receipt of such Suspension Notice. In the event of a
Suspension Notice, the Company shall, promptly after the expiration of such
Suspension Period, provide notice to all Investors that the Suspension Period
has ended, and take any and all actions necessary or desirable to give effect to
any Investor's rights under this Agreement that may have been affected by such
notice.

 (e) Each Investor agrees that it shall furnish to the Company such
information regarding such Investor and the methods of distribution of
Registrable Securities intended by such Investor permitted hereunder (i) as the
Company may, from time to time, reasonably request in writing and (ii) as shall
be required by law or by the Commission in connection therewith. Each Investor
agrees that information obtained by it or by its Inspectors (as defined below)
shall be deemed confidential and shall not be used by it as the basis for any
market transactions in the securities of the Company unless and until such
information is made generally available to the public.

 5. Form S-3 Registration. In case the Company shall receive from any VS
Investor a written request or requests that the Company effect a registration on
Form S-3 (or any successor to Form S-3) or any similar short-form registration
statement with respect to all or a

6

part of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor or Investors (a "Form
S-3 Registration"), the Company will:

 (a) promptly give written notice of the proposed registration to all
other Investors of Registrable Securities; and

 (b) as soon as practicable, prepare and file and use its reasonable
best efforts to cause to become effective such registration statement as would
permit or facilitate the sale and distribution from time to time, of all or such
portion of such Investor's or Investors' Registrable Securities as are specified
in such request, together with all or such portion of the Registrable Securities
of any other Investor or Investors joining in such request as are specified in a
written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written
notice from the Company, on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act (subject to any S-3 Suspension Period(s) referred to
below); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any
such registrations pursuant to this Section 5:

 (i) if Form S-3 is not available for such offering by the
Investors;

 (ii) if the Investors, together with the holders of any other
securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such registration, propose to
sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at an aggregate
price to the public of less than two million dollars 2,000,000);

 (iii) if within thirty (30) days of receipt of a written request
from any Investor or Investors pursuant to this Section 5, the Company gives
notice to such Investor or Investors of the Company's intention to make a public
offering within ninety (90) days, other than pursuant to a registration
statement on Forms S-4, S-8 or another form not available for registering the
Registrable Securities for sale to the public;

 (iv) if the Company shall furnish to the Investors a certificate
signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of
the Board, it would be seriously detrimental to the Company and its stockholders
for such Form S-3 registration to be effected at such time, in which event the
Company shall have the right to defer the filing of the Form S-3 registration
statement for a period of not more than ninety (90) days after receipt of the
request of the Investor or Investors under this Section 5; provided, that such
right to delay a request shall be exercised by the Company not more than once in
any twelve (12) month period; or

 (v) if the Company has already effected two (2) registrations on
Form S-3 for the Investors pursuant to this Section 5.

 (c) Subject to the foregoing, the Company shall file a Form S-3
registration statement covering the Registrable Securities and other securities
so requested to be registered as soon as practicable after receipt of the
requests of the Investors. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 5
shall not be counted as a demand for registration effected pursuant to Section
2. Each Form S-3 Registration Statement shall specify the intended methods of
distribution of the subject Registrable Securities, which in no event shall
include underwritten offerings, whether on a firm commitment or best efforts
basis. The Company use its reasonable efforts to cause the resale prospectus in
such Form S-3 Registration to be supplemented by any required prospectus

7

supplement (subject to any S-3 Suspension Period(s) referred to below) during
the 180 day period following initial effectiveness; provided, however, that with
respect to Registrable Securities registered pursuant to such Form S-3
Registration Statement, each VS Investor agrees that it will not enter into any
transaction for the sale of any Registrable Securities pursuant to such
registration statement during the time after the furnishing of the Company's
notice that the Company is preparing a supplement to such resale prospectus or
Form S-3 Registration Statement and until the filing and effectiveness thereof.

 (d) The Company may, by notice in writing to each Investor, require
Investors to suspend use of any resale prospectus included in a Form S-3
Registration for a reasonable time period (each such period, an "S-3 Suspension
Period"), provided that all such suspensions shall not exceed one hundred twenty
(120) days in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period, if (i) the
Company has been advised by legal counsel that such continued use would require
disclosure of a material financing, acquisition or other corporate transaction
or development, and the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
faith that such disclosure is not in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders or (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
faith that there is a valid business purpose or reason for suspending such
continued use. In the event of each Suspension Period, the period of the
Company's obligation to maintain the effectiveness of such Form S-3 Registration
shall be extended for a period equal to the number of days elapsed during such
S-3 Suspension Period.

 (e) Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of notice from the Company
of the commencement of an S-3 Suspension Period (an "S-3 Suspension Notice"),
such Investor will forthwith discontinue any disposition of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Form S-3 Registration Statement or any public sale or
distribution, including pursuant to Rule 144, until the earlier of (i) the
expiration of the S-3 Suspension Period and (ii) such Investor's receipt of a
notice from the Company to the effect that such suspension has terminated. If so
directed by the Company, such Investor will deliver to the Company (at the
Company's expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies, then in such
Investor's possession, of the most recent resale prospectus covering such
Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of such S-3 Suspension Notice. In
the event of an S-3 Suspension Notice, the Company shall, promptly after the
expiration of such S-3 Suspension Period, provide notice to all Investors that
the S-3 Suspension Period has ended, and take any and all actions necessary or
desirable to give effect to any Investor's rights under this Agreement that may
have been affected by such notice.

 (f) Each Investor agrees that it shall furnish to the Company such
information regarding such Investor and the methods of distribution of
Registrable Securities intended by such Investor permitted hereunder (i) as the
Company may, from time to time, reasonably request in writing and (ii) as shall
be required by law or by the Commission in connection therewith. Each Investor
agrees that information obtained by it or by its Inspectors (as defined below)
shall be deemed confidential and shall not be used by it as the basis for any
market transactions in the securities of the Company unless and until such
information is made generally available to the public.

 6. Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company is required by the
provisions of this Agreement to effect the registration of any of its securities
under the Securities Act, the Company will, as expeditiously as possible:

8

(a) diligently prepare and file with the Commission a registration
statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act with respect to such
securities, which form shall comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the applicable form and include all financial statements
required by the Commission to be filed therewith, and use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such registration statement to become and remain effective
until completion of the proposed offering (but not for more than one hundred
eighty (180) days, except as provided in Sections 4 and 5 and except that any
demand registration statement for the VS Investors pursuant to Section 2 need
not remain effective for more than forty-five (45) days);

 (b) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and
supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection
therewith as may be necessary to keep such registration statement effective
until the completion of the offering (but not for more than one hundred eighty
(180) days, except as provided in Sections 4 and 5 and except that any demand
registration statement for the VS Investors pursuant to Section 2 need not
remain effective for more than forty-five (45) days); and to comply with the
provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the sale or other disposition
of all securities covered by such registration statement whenever the seller or
sellers of such securities shall desire to sell or otherwise dispose of the
same, but only to the extent provided in this Agreement;

 (c) furnish to each selling holder of Registrable Securities and the
underwriters, if any, such number of copies of such registration statement, any
amendments thereto, any documents incorporated by reference therein, the
prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the
requirements of the Securities Act, and such other documents as such selling
holder may reasonably request in order to facilitate the public sale or other
disposition of the securities owned by such selling holder;

 (d) use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the
securities covered by such registration statement under and to the extent
required by such other securities or state blue sky laws of such jurisdictions
as each selling holder of Registrable Securities shall reasonably request, and
do any and all other acts and things which may be necessary under such
securities or blue sky laws to enable such selling holder to consummate the
public sale or other disposition in such jurisdictions of the securities owned
by such selling holder, except that the Company shall not for any such purpose
be required to qualify to do business as a foreign corporation in any
jurisdiction wherein it is not so qualified;

 (e) within a reasonable time before each filing of the registration
statement or prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto with the
Commission, furnish to counsel selected by the holders of a majority in interest
of the Registrable Securities subject to such registration copies of such
documents proposed to be filed, which documents shall be subject to the
reasonable approval of such counsel, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed;

 (f) subject to Sections 4(d) and 5(e), promptly notify each selling
holder of Registrable Securities, such selling holders' counsel and any
underwriter and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in
writing, of the happening of any event which makes any statement made in the
registration statement or related prospectus untrue or which requires the making
of any changes in such registration statement or prospectus so that they will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein in the light of the circumstances under which

9

they were made not misleading; and, subject to Sections 4(d) and 5(e), as
promptly as practicable thereafter, prepare and file with the Commission and
furnish a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter
deliverable to the purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

 (g) use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any
order suspending the effectiveness of a registration statement, and if one is
issued use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any order
suspending the effectiveness of a registration statement at the earliest
possible moment;

 (h) in connection with a registration of an underwritten offering
pursuant to a request under Section 2, if requested by the managing underwriter
or underwriters (if any), any selling holder of Registrable Securities, or such
selling holder's counsel, promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment such information as such Person requests to be included
therein with respect to the selling holder or the securities being sold,
including, without limitation, with respect to the securities being sold by such
selling holder to such underwriter or underwriters, the purchase price being
paid therefor by such underwriter or underwriters and with respect to any other
terms of an underwritten offering of the securities to be sold in such offering,
and promptly make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment;

 (i) make available to each selling holder of Registrable Securities,
any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to a registration
statement, and any attorney, accountant or other agent or representative
retained by any such selling holder or underwriter (collectively, the
"INSPECTORS"), all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents
and properties of the Company (collectively, the "RECORDS"), as shall be
reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence
responsibility, and cause the Company's officers, directors and employees to
supply all information requested by any such Inspector in connection with such
registration statement subject, in each case, to such confidentiality agreements
as the Company shall reasonably request;

 (j) in connection with a registration of an underwritten offering
pursuant to a request under Section 2, enter into any reasonable underwriting
agreement required by the proposed underwriter(s) for the selling holders of
Registrable Securities, if any, and use its reasonable best efforts to
facilitate the public offering of the securities;

 (k) in connection with a registration of an underwritten offering
pursuant to a request under Section 2, request that each prospective selling
holder be furnished a signed counterpart, addressed to the prospective selling
holder, of , if and to the extent permitted applicable professional standards, a
"comfort" letter signed by the independent public accountants who have certified
the Company's financial statements included in the registration statement,
covering substantially the same matters with respect to the registration
statement (and the prospectus included therein) and with respect to events
subsequent to the date of the financial statements, as are customarily covered
(at the time of such registration) in accountants' letters delivered to the
underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities;

 (l) use its reasonable best efforts to cause the securities covered by
such registration statement to be listed on the securities exchange or quoted on
the quotation system on which the

10

Common Stock is then listed or quoted (or, if the Common Stock is not yet listed
or quoted, then on such exchange or quotation system as the selling holders of
Registrable Securities and the Company shall determine);

 (m) otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and make generally available
to its security holders, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable, but not
later than 90 days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings
statement of the Company which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of
the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any comparable successor
provisions); and

 (n) otherwise cooperate with the underwriter(s), if any, and the
Commission and other regulatory agencies and take all reasonable actions and
execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered all documents
reasonably necessary to effect the registration of any securities under this
Agreement.

 7. Expenses. All reasonable expenses incurred by the Company and the
Investors in effecting the registrations provided for in this Agreement,
including, without limitation, all registration and filing fees, printing
expenses, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and one counsel for
the selling stockholders as a group (selected by a majority in interest of the
holders of Registrable Securities who participate in the registration),
underwriting expenses (other than fees, commissions or discounts), expenses of
any audits incident to or required by any such registration and expenses of
complying with the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdictions pursuant to
Section 6(d) hereof (all of such expenses referred to as "REGISTRATION
EXPENSES"), shall be paid by the Company.

 8. Indemnification.

 (a) To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company shall
indemnify and hold harmless the selling holder of Registrable Securities, each
underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act), and each other Person, if any,
who controls (within the meaning of the Securities Act) such selling holder or
underwriter (individually and collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED PERSON") against
any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (collectively, "LIABILITY"), joint or
several, to which such Indemnified Person may become subject under the
Securities Act or any other statute or at common law, insofar as such liability
(or action in respect thereof) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained, on the
effective date thereof, in any registration statement under which such
securities were registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus
or final prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
or (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8(e), the Company shall
reimburse each such selling holder of Registrable Securities in connection with
investigating or defending any such liability as reasonable expenses in
connection with the same are incurred; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be liable to any such selling holder of Registrable Securities in any such
case to the extent that any such liability arises out of or is based upon any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
made in such registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, or
amendment or supplement thereto in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing to the Company by such selling holder of
Registrable Securities specifically for use therein; and provided further, that
the Company

11

shall not be required to indemnify any Indemnified Person for any liability
which arises out of the failure of any Indemnified Person to deliver a
prospectus as required by the Securities Act.

 (b) Each selling holder of any securities included in such
registration being effected shall indemnify and hold harmless each other selling
holder of any securities, the Company, its directors and officers, each
underwriter and each other Person, if any, who controls (within the meaning of
the Securities Act) the Company or such underwriter (individually and
collectively also the "INDEMNIFIED PERSON"), against any liability, joint or
several, to which any such Indemnified Person may become subject under the
Securities Act or any other statute or at common law, insofar as such liability
(or actions in respect thereof) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained, on the
effective date thereof, in any registration statement under which securities
were registered under the Securities Act at the request of such selling holder,
any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein, or any
amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) any omission or alleged omission by
such selling holder to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in the case
of (i) and (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made
in such registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, amendment or
supplement thereto in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
in writing to the Company by such selling holder specifically for use therein.
Such selling holder shall reimburse any Indemnified Person for any legal fees
incurred in investigating or defending any such liability; provided, however,
that such selling holder's obligations hereunder shall be limited to an amount
equal to the proceeds to such selling holder of the securities sold in any such
registration; and provided further, that no selling holder shall be required to
indemnify any Person for any liability which arises out of the failure of any
Person to deliver a prospectus as required by the Securities Act.

 (c) Indemnification similar to that specified in Sections 8(a) and (b)
shall be given by the Company and each selling holder (with such modifications
as may be appropriate) with respect to any required registration or other
qualification of their securities under any federal or state law or regulation
of governmental authority other than the Securities Act.

 (d) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under this Section
8 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any governmental
action), such Indemnified Person will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be
made against any indemnifying party under this Section 8, deliver to the
indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof and the
indemnifying party will have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the
indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party
similarly noticed, to assume the defense thereof with qualified counsel;
provided, however, that an Indemnified Person (together with all other
Indemnified Persons which may be represented without conflict by one counsel)
will have the right to retain one separate counsel, with the reasonable fees and
expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if representation of such
Indemnified Person by the counsel retained by the indemnifying party is
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such
Indemnified Person and any other party represented by such counsel in such
proceeding. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party
within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action, if prejudicial
to its ability to defend such action, will relieve

12

such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person under this
Section 8, but the omission so to deliver written notice to the indemnifying
party will not relieve it of any liability that it may have to any Indemnified
Person otherwise than under this Section 8.

 (e) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 for any
reason is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an
Indemnified Person in respect of any losses, claims, damages, expenses or
liabilities referred to therein, then each indemnifying party under this Section
8, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such
losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, the
selling holders and the underwriters from the offering of the Registrable
Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not
only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative
fault of the Company, the other selling holders and the underwriters in
connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, the
selling holders and the underwriters shall be deemed to be in the same
respective proportions that the net proceeds from the offering (before deducting
expenses) received by the Company and the selling holders and the underwriting
discount received by the underwriters, in each case as set forth in the table on
the cover page of the applicable prospectus, bear to the aggregate public
offering price of the Registrable Securities. The relative fault of the Company,
the selling holders and the underwriters shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the Company, the selling holders or the underwriters and
the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

 (f) The Company, the selling holders and the underwriters agree that
it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8
were determined by pro rata or per capita allocation or by any other method of
allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred
to in the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event, however, shall a selling
holder be required to contribute any amount under this Section 8(f) in excess of
the lesser of (i) that proportion of the total of such losses, claims, damages
or liabilities indemnified against equal to the proportion of the total
Registrable Securities sold under such registration statement which are being
sold by such selling holder or (ii) the proceeds received by such selling holder
from its sale of Registrable Securities under such registration statement. No
Person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of
Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any
Person who was not found guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

 (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions
on indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement
entered into in connection with an underwritten public offering are in conflict
with the foregoing provisions, the provisions in the underwriting agreement
shall control.

13

9. Compliance with Rule 144.

 (a) The Company will use its best efforts to file with the Commission
such information as is required under the Exchange Act for so long as there are
holders of Registrable Securities; and in such event, the Company shall use its
best efforts to take all action as may be required as a condition to the
availability of Rule 144. The Company shall furnish to any holder of Registrable
Securities upon reasonable request a written statement executed by the Company
as to the steps it has taken to comply with the current public information
requirement of Rule 144. Subject to the limitations on transfers imposed by this
Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to facilitate and
expedite transfers of Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144, which efforts
shall include timely notice to its transfer agent to expedite such transfers of
Registrable Securities.

 (b) Except with respect to a demand registration pursuant to Section
2, prior to the Company's registration of any Registrable Securities hereunder
on behalf of an Investor, such Investor shall (i) use its reasonable best
efforts to sell the maximum number of Registrable Securities that such Investor
is able to sell pursuant to Rule 144 and (ii) exercise the registration rights
hereunder only in the case that such Investor determines in good faith that such
rights are necessary to sell such Registrable Securities in a timely manner.

 10. Amendments. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended, and the
Company may take any action herein prohibited or omit to perform any act herein
required to be performed by it, only with the written consent of the Company and
Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities.

 11. Transferability of Registration Rights. The Registration Rights set
forth in this Agreement are transferable to each valid and proper transferee of
at least Two Hundred Five (200,000) shares of Registrable Securities. Each such
transferee of Registrable Securities must consent in writing to be bound by the
terms and conditions of this Agreement in order to acquire the rights granted
pursuant to this Agreement.

 12. Rights Which May Be Granted to Subsequent Investors. Other than
transferees of Registrable Securities under Section 11 hereof, the Company shall
not, without the prior written consent of a Majority Interest, (a) allow
purchasers of the Company's securities to become a party to this Agreement or
(b) grant any other registration rights to any third parties other than
subordinate piggyback registration rights.

 13. Damages. The Company recognizes and agrees that each holder of
Registrable Securities will not have an adequate remedy if the Company fails to
comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and that damages will not
be readily ascertainable, and the Company expressly agrees that, in the event of
such failure, it shall not oppose an application by any holder of Registrable
Securities or any other Person entitled to the benefits of this Agreement
requiring specific performance of any and all provisions hereof or enjoining the
Company from continuing to commit any such breach of this Agreement.

14

14. Miscellaneous.

 (a) All notices, requests, demands and other communications provided
for hereunder shall be in writing and mailed (by first class registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid), telegraphed, sent by express overnight courier
service or electronic facsimile transmission (with a copy by mail), or delivered
to the applicable party at the addresses indicated below:

 If to the Company: WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor
 San Diego, CA 92121
 Facsimile: (858) 546-0400
 Attn: General Counsel

 If to Existing Investors: At such Person's address listed opposite
 their name on Schedule A attached hereto.

 If to Avivo Investors: At such Person's address listed opposite
 their name on Schedule B attached hereto.

 If to VS Investors: At such Person's address listed opposite
 their name on Schedule C attached hereto.

or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by
such Person in a written notice to other parties complying as to delivery with
the terms of this subsection (a). All such notices, requests, demands and other
communications shall, when mailed, telegraphed or sent, respectively, be
effective (i) two days after being deposited in the mails or (ii) one day after
being delivered to the telegraph company, deposited with the express overnight
courier service or sent by electronic facsimile transmission, respectively,
addressed as aforesaid.

 (b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to conflict of
laws principles thereof.

 (c) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

 (d) If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall
attach only to such provision and shall not in any manner affect or render
illegal, invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement, and
this Agreement shall be carried out as if any such illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision were not contained herein.

15

15. Dispute Resolution. Except as provided below, any dispute arising out
of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination or validity hereof
shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously by one
arbitrator in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Streamlined Arbitration
Rules and Procedures (the "J.A.M.S. RULES"). The arbitration shall be governed
by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1-16, and judgment upon
the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any court having
jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be San Diego, California.

Such proceedings shall be administered by the arbitrator in accordance with the
J.A.M.S. Rules as he/she deems appropriate, however, such proceedings shall be
conducted in accordance with the following agreed upon procedures:

 (a) mandatory exchange of all relevant documents, to be accomplished
within forty-five (45) days of the initiation of the procedure (documents not so
exchanged will be excluded from the evidence considered at the hearing absent a
showing of good cause);

 (b) no other discovery;

 (c) hearings before the arbitrator which shall consist of a summary
presentation by each side of not more than three (3) hours; such hearings to
take place on one or two days at a maximum; and

 (d) decision to be rendered not more than ten (10) days following such
hearings.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions of
this Section 14 shall not apply with regard to any equitable remedies to which
any party may be entitled hereunder.

Each of the parties hereto (x) hereby irrevocably submits to the personal
jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States for the
purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (y) hereby
waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise,
in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject
personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is
exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable
law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum,
that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this
Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court,
and hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other
jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of
any such court. Each of the parties hereto hereby consents to service of process
by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each of the
parties hereto agrees that its or his submission to jurisdiction and its or his
consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of the
other parties hereto. Final judgment against any party hereto in any such
action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit,
action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or
pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction.

 [The remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "COMPANY"

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

----------------------------------------
 Jeffrey W. Lunsford
 President, Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman

 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "EXISTING INVESTOR"

 TA/ADVENT VIII L.P.

 By: TA Associates VIII LLC, its General
 Partner

 By: TA Associates, Inc., its Manager

By: 
 ------------------------------------

 ADVENT ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC III L.P.

 By: TA Associates AAP III Partners,
 its General Partner

 By: TA Associates, Inc., its General
 Partner

By: 
 ------------------------------------

 TA INVESTORS LLC

 By: TA Associates, Inc., its Manager

By: By: 
 -------------------------------- ------------------------------------
 Kurt R. Jaggers
 Managing Director

TA EXECUTIVES FUND LLC
 By: TA Associates, Inc., its Manager

By: 
 ------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "EXISTING INVESTOR"

 SUMMIT INVESTORS III, L.P.

By: 
 ------------------------------------
 General Partner

SUMMIT V ADVISORS FUND (QP), L.P.

 By: Summit Partners V, L.P., its General
 Partner

 By: Summit Partners, LLC, its General
 Partner

By: 
 ------------------------------------

SUMMIT V ADVISORS FUND, L.P.

 By: Summit Partners V, L.P., its General
 Partner

 By: Summit Partners, LLC, its General
 Partner

By: By: 
 -------------------------------- ------------------------------------
 Charles J. Fitzgerald, Jr.
 Partner

SUMMIT V COMPANION FUND, L.P.

 By: Summit Partners V, L.P., its General
 Partner

 By: Summit Partners, LLC, its General
 Partner

By: 
 ------------------------------------

SUMMIT VENTURES V, L.P.

 By: Summit Partners V, L.P., its General
 Partner

 By: Summit Partners, LLC, its General
 Partner

By: 
 ------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "EXISTING INVESTOR"

----------------------------------------
 Keith Fisher

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above

 "AVIVO INVESTOR"

 NEW ENTERPRISE ASSOCIATES 10, L.P.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

NEA VENTURES 2000, L.P.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "AVIVO INVESTOR"

 SOFINNOVA VENTURE PARTNERS IV, L.P.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

SOFINNOVA VENTURE AFFILIATES IV, L.P.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ----------------------------------

SOFINNOVA CAPITAL III

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "AVIVO INVESTOR"

----------------------------------------
 Steven R. Kusmer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "AVIVO INVESTOR"

----------------------------------------
 Chip Linehan

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "AVIVO INVESTOR"

----------------------------------------
 Michael P. Thompson

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "AVIVO INVESTOR"

----------------------------------------
 Kevin G. Wallace

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the
date first set forth above.

 "VS INVESTOR"

----------------------------------------

 ----------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

EXHIBIT D

THIS SENIOR NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE
IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT COVERING SUCH NOTE, OR THE
COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY STATING THAT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR
HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY
REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT.

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

 SENIOR NOTE

 _________ February 1, 2006

 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, WEBSIDESTORY, INC., a Delaware corporation, having
its principal office at 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor, San Diego, California,
92121 (the "Company"), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to
____________________ (including any permitted transferee hereunder, the
"Holder") on August 1, 2007 (the "Maturity Date") the principal sum of
___________________ DOLLARS _________), together with any and all accrued but
unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note as provided in
Section 1.2 hereof. This Note is one of a series of Notes (together, the
"Notes") initially being issued pursuant to the terms of that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of February 1, 2006 by and among the Company, VS
Acquisition, LLC, Visual Sciences, LLC and Ned Scherer (the "Merger Agreement")
as part of the consideration payable to the Holder pursuant to the Merger
Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the respective meanings given to such terms in Article IV hereof.

 ARTICLE I
 PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST

 Section 1.1 Principal. Unless earlier (i) paid in full prior to the
Maturity Date in accordance with the terms of Section 1.3 hereof, (ii) paid in
full prior to the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms of Section 1.4
hereof, or (iii) paid in full prior to the Maturity Date in accordance with the
terms of Section 1.5 hereof, the entire outstanding principal amount of this
Note, together with any and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be
due and payable on the Maturity Date. Concurrently with the payment in full of
this Note, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company for cancellation.

Section 1.2 Interest. Interest shall accrue on the daily unpaid
principal amount of this Note, for each day during the period from and including
the date hereof (the "Commencement Date") to but excluding the date such Note
shall be paid in full, at a rate of 4.0 per annum (the "Interest Rate"),
compounded daily. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 365 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed as provided herein.

 Section 1.3 Demand for Repayment Prior to Maturity. At any time after
the first to occur of (i) April 1, 2007 and (ii) the consummation by the Company
of a Subsequent Offering that generates at least 20.0 million in net cash
proceeds to the Company, the Holder may, upon not less than five (5) Business
Days' prior written notice to the Company, demand the repayment of the entire
outstanding principal amount of this Note and any and all accrued but unpaid
interest thereon. In the event of any such demand, the Company shall pay to the
Holder the entire outstanding principal amount of this Note and any and all
accrued but unpaid interest thereon, on the fifth (5th) Business Day (such date,
the "Demand Repayment Date") following the Company's receipt of such repayment
demand notice. Concurrently with the payment in full of this Note, the Holder
shall surrender this Note to the Company for cancellation.

 Section 1.4 Mandatory Prepayment. In the event the Company incurs any
Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) which ranks senior to or pari
passu with the priority of payment attributable to the indebtedness owing under
this Note, unless the Holder consents to the incurrence of such Indebtedness,
the Company shall prepay in full the outstanding principal amount of this Note
and any and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon prior to or concurrently
with the closing of the transactions under which the evidences of Indebtedness
are issued (such date, the "Mandatory Prepayment Date"). On the Mandatory
Prepayment Date, in exchange for this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder
the full outstanding principal amount of this Note and any and all accrued but
unpaid interest thereon. Concurrently with the payment in full of this Note, the
Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company for cancellation.

 Section 1.5 Optional Prepayment. The Company may prepay, in whole or
in part, the outstanding principal amount of this Note and/or any and all
accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at any time without premium or penalty.
Concurrently with the payment in full of this Note, the Holder shall surrender
this Note to the Company for cancellation.

 Section 1.6 Notes identical; Ranking of Note. The terms of all Notes
are and will be identical except as to the name of the holder, the original
principal amount and the date of issuance thereof. The indebtedness evidenced by
this Note shall rank pari passu in right of payment with all other Notes.

 ARTICLE II
 PAYMENTS; REGISTRATION AND TRANSFER

 Section 2.1 Payments Generally. All payments of principal and interest
to be made by the Company in respect of this Note shall be made to the Holder in
Dollars by delivery

2

of a Company check or by wire transfer in immediately available funds not later
than 12:00 p.m. California time on the date on which such payment shall become
due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to
have been made on the next succeeding Business Day). If the due date of any
payment in respect of this Note would otherwise fall on a day that is not a
Business Day, such due date shall be instead the next succeeding Business Day.
Payments shall be credited first to the accrued but unpaid interest under this
Note and the remainder applied to outstanding principal under this Note.

 Section 2.2 Replacement of Note. Upon receipt of evidence satisfactory
to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note and,
if requested in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction, upon delivery
of an indemnity bond or other agreement or security reasonably satisfactory to
the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and
cancellation of such Note, the Company will issue a new Note, of like tenor and
amount, in lieu of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note.

 Section 2.3 Registration, etc. The Company shall maintain at its
principal office a register with respect to the Note and shall record therein
the name and address of the registered Holder thereof, to which notices are to
be sent and the address to which payments are to be made as designated by the
registered Holder if other than the address of such Holder, and the particulars
of all transfers, exchanges and replacements of the Note. The Company shall
record on such register any and all transfers of the Note by or for the
registered Holder, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, in order to
maintain an accurate record of the Holder thereof. Each Note, whether issued
originally or upon transfer, exchange or replacement, shall be registered in the
Company's register on the date of execution thereof by the Company. The
registered Holder of the Note shall be that Person in whose name the Note has
been so registered by the Company. The registered Holder shall be deemed the
owner of this Note for all purposes.

 Section 2.4 Transfers of this Note. Subject to the Holder's compliance
with all applicable state and Federal securities laws, this Note may be
transferred in whole (but not in part), upon ten (10) days' prior written notice
by the Holder to the Company of such proposed transfer, to any Person that (i)
does not compete with the Company Business, (ii) does not beneficially own,
directly or indirectly, more than 5 of any class of any debt or equity
investment in any Person that competes with the Company Business, and (iii) is
an "accredited investor," as defined under Rule 501(a) promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Holder shall pay any and all transfer
taxes and other governmental charges imposed on any such transfer.

 Section 2.5 Holder Representations. Holder specifically represents and
warrants to the Company, by acceptance of this Note, as follows:

 (i) The Holder is aware of the Company's business affairs and
financial condition, and has acquired information about the Company sufficient
to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire this Note. The Holder
is acquiring this Note for its own account for investment purposes only and not
with a view to, or for the resale in connection with, any "distribution" thereof
in violation of the Securities Act.

3

(ii) The Holder understands that this Note has not been
registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption
therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide
nature of Holder's investment intent as expressed herein.

 (iii) The Holder further understands that this Note must be held
indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and
qualified under any applicable state securities laws, or unless exemptions from
registration and qualification are otherwise available. The Holder is aware of
the provisions of Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act.

 (iv) The Holder is an "accredited investor" within the meaning of
Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act.

 (v) The Holder acknowledges and agrees that this Note is a
"restricted security" under the Securities Act, and that such security may not
be resold, pledged or otherwise transferred without registration under the
Securities Act or an exemption therefrom.

 Section 2.7 Legends. This Note, and any note issued in exchange,
substitution or replacement of this Note, will bear the following legend:

 "THIS SENIOR NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
 ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
 ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE
 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT COVERING SUCH NOTE, OR THE
 COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER OF THIS
 NOTE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY STATING THAT SUCH
 SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE
 REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT.

In addition, all such certificates shall bear any legend(s) required under
applicable state or foreign securities laws.

 ARTICLE III
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

 Section 3.1 Events of Default. "Event of Default," wherever used
herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reasons for such
Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected
by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment,

4

decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any
administrative or governmental body):

 (i) default in the payment of the outstanding principal amount of
this Note and/or any accrued but unpaid interest thereon at the Mandatory
Prepayment Date, the Demand Repayment Date, or the Maturity Date, and such
default shall not have been cured within five (5) days after notice thereof from
Holder to the Company; or

 (ii) the failure by the Company to perform any of its other
obligations under this Note and such failure continues for twenty (20) days
after written notice to the Company describing in reasonable detail the
Company's failure to perform any such obligation; or

 (iii) the Company makes an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or an order, judgment or decree is entered adjudicating the Company
bankrupt or insolvent; or any order for relief with respect to the Company is
entered under the Federal Bankruptcy Code; or the Company petitions or applies
to any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver or
liquidator of the Company, or of any substantial part of the assets of the
Company, or commences any proceeding relating to the Company under any
bankruptcy reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt,
dissolution or liquidation law of any jurisdiction; or any such petition or
application is filed, or any such proceeding is commenced, against the Company
and either (A) the Company by any act indicates its approval thereof, consent
thereto or acquiescence therein, or (B) such petition, application or proceeding
is not dismissed within 60 days.

 Section 3.2 Acceleration of Note. If an Event of Default occurs and is
continuing, then and in every such case the Holder may declare the outstanding
principal amount of this Note (including any and all accrued but unpaid interest
thereon) to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the
Company, and upon any such declaration such outstanding principal amount and
accrued interest shall become immediately due and payable. At any time after the
outstanding principal amount and accrued interest under this Note shall become
immediately due and payable and before a judgment or decree for payment of the
money due has been obtained, the Holder, by written notice to the Company, may
rescind and annul any acceleration and its consequences.

 ARTICLE IV
 DEFINITIONS

 Section 4.1 Definitions. The following terms shall have the meanings
set forth below:

 "Business Day" means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on
which banks located in the State of California are authorized or obligated to
close.

 "Company Business" means the design, development, marketing, sales,
service or support of software or services that provide online surveys,
search-engine management, bid

5

management, enterprise analytics, web analytics, analysis of online behavior,
internet search or content management or analyses or management of online
promotions, as well as any related business, product or service under active
consideration by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by Visual Sciences,
LLC or any of its Subsidiaries as of the date of transfer of this Note.

 "Dollars" and " " means lawful money of the United States of America.

 "Indebtedness" means, as to any Person at a particular time, without
duplication:

 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money;

 (b) all capitalized lease obligations of such Person; and

 (c) all guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

 "Note" means this Senior Note of the Company, as modified and
supplemented and in effect from time to time.

 "Person" means any person or entity of any nature whatsoever,
specifically including an individual, a firm, a company, a corporation, a
partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity.

 "Permitted Indebtedness" means, as to any Person at a particular time,
without duplication:

 (a) the Indebtedness created under the Notes;

 (b) all purchase money financing or capitalized leases for equipment,
 vehicles or other tangible personal property utilized in the
 Company's business;

 (c) all accrued expenses and trade accounts payable;

 (d) all Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of fixing, hedging or
 swapping interest rate, commodity price or foreign currency
 exchange rate risk (or to reverse or amend any such agreements
 previously made for such purposes);

 (e) all Indebtedness constituting reimbursement obligations with
 respect to letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of the
 Company's business;

 (f) all other Indebtedness not to exceed at any one time outstanding
 1,000,000 (One Million Dollars) in the aggregate; and

 (g) any and all renewals, extensions, replacements, refinancings or
 refundings of any of the foregoing that do not increase the
 principal amount of such Indebtedness.

 "Subsequent Offering" means an underwritten public offering by the
Company of its Common Stock for its own account, registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended

6

(other than pursuant to a registration on Form S-4 or any successor form or Form
S-8 or any successor form).

 "Subsidiary" of any Person means any corporation or other entity of
which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity
interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.

 ARTICLE V
 MISCELLANEOUS

 Section 5.1 Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the
part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right, or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or
of any right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are
cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

 Section 5.2 Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

 Section 5.3 Successors. All agreements of the Company in this Note
shall bind its successors and assigns. All agreements of the Holder in this Note
shall bind, and this Note shall inure to the benefit of, the Holder and its
successors and permitted assigns.

 Section 5.4 Amendment, Modification or Waiver. No provision of this
Note may be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument in writing
signed by the Company and the Holder.

 Section 5.5 Waivers. The Company waives demand, presentment for
payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest and notice of
non-payment of this Note.

 Section 5.6 Notices. All notices, demands and requests of any kind to
be delivered to any party in connection with this Note shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given if personally or hand delivered or if
sent by an internationally-recognized overnight delivery courier or by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, or
by facsimile transmission addressed as follows:

 if to the Company, to:

 WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor
 San Diego, CA 92121
 Attention: General Counsel
 Facsimile: (858) 546-0480

7

if to the Holder, to the address set forth
 in the register for this Note maintained
 pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof;

or to such other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have
furnished to the other party hereto in writing in accordance with provisions of
this Section 5.6. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been
effectively given (i) in the case of personal or hand delivery, on the date of
such delivery, (ii) in the case of an internationally-recognized overnight
delivery courier, on the first Business Day after the date when sent, (iii) in
the case of mailing, on the third Business Day following that day on which the
piece of mail containing such communication is posted and (iv) in the case of
facsimile transmission, the date of telephone confirmation of receipt.

 Section 5.7 Captions. The section and subsection headings of this note
are inserted for convenience only and shall not constitute a part of this note
in construing or interpreting any provision hereof.

 Section 5.8 Costs of collection. The company agrees to pay all
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses, incurred by
the holder of this note in endeavoring to collect any amounts payable hereunder
which are not paid when due.

 [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly
executed by an authorized officer thereof as of the date and year first above
written.

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

9

EXHIBIT E

 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT
 OF
 VS ACQUISITION, LLC

 THIS LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT of VS Acquisition, LLC (this
"Agreement"), is entered into by WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Member").

 The Member, by execution of this Agreement, hereby forms a limited
liability company pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Limited
Liability Company Act (6 Del.C. Section 18-101, et seq.), as amended from time
to time (the "Act"), and hereby agrees as follows:

 1. Names and Addresses. The name of the limited liability company formed
hereby is VS Acquisition, LLC (the "Company"). The name and address of the
registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is Corporation Service
Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808. The
principal office for the Company shall be maintained at 10182 Telesis Court, 6th
Floor, San Diego, California 92121. The name and address of the Member is
WebSideStory, Inc., 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor, San Diego, California 92121.

 2. Certificates. James P. Gomez, as an authorized person within the meaning
of the Act, shall execute, deliver and file the Certificate of Formation for the
Company with the Delaware Secretary of State. Such authorized person or such
other person as is designated by the Member shall execute, deliver and file any
other certificates (and any amendments and/or restatements thereof) necessary
for the Company to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction in which the
Company may wish to conduct business.

 3. Purpose. The Company may engage in any and all businesses or activities
in which a limited liability company may be engaged under applicable law,
including, without limitation, the Act.

 4. Term. The term of the Company shall commence on the date the Certificate
of Formation for the Company is filed with the Delaware Secretary of State. The
Company shall have a perpetual existence, unless dissolved pursuant to Paragraph
16 hereof.

 5. Limited Liability. Except as otherwise provided by the Act, the debts,
obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or
otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the
Company, and the Member shall not be obligated personally for any such debt,
obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason of being a member of the
Company.

 6. Admission of Member. The Member shall be admitted as the sole member of
the Company on the date upon which the Certificate of Formation is filed with
the Delaware Secretary of State.

 7. Capital Contributions. The Member shall not be obligated to make a
contribution to the capital of the Company in connection with the execution of
this Agreement.

The Member may make one or more contributions to the capital of the Company at
such times and in such amounts as are determined by the Member in its sole
discretion.

 8. Allocation of Profits and Losses. Net losses and net profits of the
Company shall be allocated 100 to the Member.

 9. Distributions of Cash Flow. Distributions of cash flow shall be made to
the Member at such times and in such amounts as are determined by the Member in
its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this
Agreement, the Company shall not make a distribution to the Member on account of
its interest in the Company if such distribution would violate Section 18-607 of
the Act or other applicable law.

 10. Management.

 (a) Management by the Member. In accordance with Section 18-402 of the
 Act, management of the Company shall be vested in the Member. The Member
 shall have the full power and authority to do any and all acts necessary,
 convenient or incidental to or for the furtherance of the purposes
 described herein, including, without limitation, all powers, statutory or
 otherwise, possessed by a member of a limited liability company under the
 laws of the State of Delaware. The Member has the authority to bind the
 Company.

 (b) Member Standards of Conduct. Whenever the Member is required or
 permitted to make a decision, take or approve an action, or omit to do any
 of the foregoing, then the Member shall be entitled to consider only such
 interests and factors, including its own, as it desires, and shall have no
 duty or obligation to consider any other interests or factors whatsoever.
 To the extent that the Member has, at law or in equity, duties (including,
 without limitation, fiduciary duties) to the Company or other person bound
 by the terms of this Agreement, if any, the Member, acting in accordance
 with this Agreement, shall not be liable to the Company or any such other
 person for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement. The
 provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict the duties
 of the Member otherwise existing at law or in equity, replace such other
 duties to the greatest extent permitted under applicable law.

 (c) Officers. The Member may from time to time designate officers of
 the Company and delegate to such officers such authority and duties as the
 Member may deem advisable in its sole and absolute discretion. Unless the
 Member decides otherwise, if the title assigned to any officer is one
 commonly used for officers of a business corporation formed under the
 Delaware General Corporation Law, the assignment of such title shall
 constitute the delegation to such person of the authorities and duties that
 are normally associated with that office. Unless otherwise agreed to in
 writing by the Member, any delegation pursuant to this Paragraph 10(c) may
 be revoked at any time by the Member in its sole discretion.

 (d) Non-Liability of Officers. No officer of the Company appointed by
 the Member pursuant to Paragraph 10(c) above shall be personally liable to
 the Company or the Member for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty
 as an officer, except to

2

the extent that exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not
 permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware as in effect at the time
 such liability or limitation thereof is determined. No amendment,
 modification or repeal of this Paragraph 10(d) shall apply to or have any
 effect on the liability or alleged liability of any officer of the Company
 for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such officer occurring
 prior to such amendment, modification or repeal. If the applicable laws of
 the State of Delaware are amended after the date hereof to authorize action
 further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of officers, then
 the liability of officers of the Company shall be eliminated or limited to
 the fullest extent permitted by such laws, as so amended.

 11. Other Businesses. The Member may engage in or possess an interest in
one or more other business ventures (unconnected with the Company) of any kind
and description, independently or with others. The Company shall not have any
rights in or to such independent ventures or the income or profits therefrom by
virtue of this Agreement.

 12. Liability and Indemnity.

 (a) Mandatory Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by law,
 the Company will indemnify the Member and any officer of the Company acting
 in his or her official capacity (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties")
 made or threatened to be made a party to a proceeding by reason of the
 former or present capacity as such against judgments, penalties, fines,
 including, without limitation, excise taxes, assessed against such
 Indemnified Party with respect to an employee benefit plan, settlements,
 and reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements,
 incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the proceeding;
 provided that the Indemnified Party acted in good faith and, subject to
 Paragraph 10(b) and Paragraph 11, in a manner which he, she or it believed
 to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with
 respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
 believe that his, her or its conduct was unlawful. The termination of a
 proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or conviction, or upon a plea of
 nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create a
 presumption that the Person did not act in good faith and, subject to
 Paragraph 10(b) and Paragraph 11, in a manner which he, she or it
 reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
 Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had
 reasonable cause to believe that his, her or its conduct was unlawful.

 (b) Advances. If an Indemnified Party is made or threatened to be made
 a party to a proceeding, such Indemnified Party is entitled, upon written
 request to the Company, to payment or reimbursement by the Company of
 reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements, incurred
 by such Indemnified Party in advance of the final disposition of the
 proceeding, (i) upon receipt by the Company of a written affirmation by the
 Indemnified Party of a good faith belief that the criteria for
 indemnification set forth in Paragraph 12(a) above have been satisfied and
 a written undertaking by such Indemnified Party to repay all amounts so
 paid or reimbursed by the Company, if it is ultimately determined that the
 criteria for indemnification have not been satisfied, and (ii) after a
 determination that the facts then known to those making the determination
 would not preclude indemnification under this Paragraph. The written
 undertaking required by paragraph 12(b)(i) above is an unlimited general
 obligation of the Indemnified Party making

3

it, but need not be secured and will be accepted without reference to
 financial ability to make the repayment.

 (c) Discretionary Indemnification. The indemnification and advancement
 of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Paragraph 12 shall
 not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those provided
 indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any
 agreement, vote of the Member or otherwise, both as to action in such
 person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while
 holding such office.

 13. Transfers. The Member may freely transfer or encumber its interest in
the Company. Any transferee shall be admitted into the Company as a substituted
member upon the written consent of the Member and the transferee's execution of
an instrument signifying its agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions
of this Agreement.

 14. Admission of Additional Members. One or more additional members of the
Company may be admitted into the Company as substituted members therein upon the
written consent of the Member.

 15. Meetings. The Member shall not be required to hold any required or
regularly scheduled meetings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a meeting may be
called by the Member for the purpose of discussing or voting on matters relating
to the business and affairs of the Company. Any such meetings shall be held
during normal business hours either telephonically or in person at the principal
office of the Company in California (or at such other location as is determined
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Member).

 16. Dissolution.

 (a) Generally. The admission of one or more additional members shall
 not dissolve the Company. However, the Company shall dissolve, and its
 affairs shall be wound up, upon the first to occur of the following: (i)
 the sale, transfer or other disposition by the Company of all or
 substantially all of its assets and the collection by the Company of any
 and all cash proceeds derived therefrom, (ii) the election of the Member,
 (iii) the retirement, resignation or dissolution of the Member or the
 occurrence of any other event which terminates the continued membership of
 the Member in the Company, unless the business of the Company is continued
 in a manner permitted by the Act, or (iv) the entry of a decree of judicial
 dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Act.

 (b) Bankruptcy. The bankruptcy of the Member shall not cause the
 Member to cease to be a member of the Company and, upon the occurrence of
 such an event, the business of the Company shall continue without
 dissolution.

 (c) Application of Assets. In the event of dissolution, the Company
 shall conduct only such activities as are necessary to wind up its affairs
 (including the sale of the assets of the Company in an orderly manner), and
 the assets of the Company shall be applied in the manner, and in the order
 of priority, set forth in Section 18-804 of the Act.

4

17. Separability of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement shall be
considered separable and if for any reason any provision or provisions herein
are determined to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal under any existing or
future law, such invalidity, unenforceability or illegality shall not impair the
operation of or affect those portions of this Agreement which are valid,
enforceable and legal.

 18. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of
the Member with respect to the subject matter hereof.

 19. Governing Law. This Agreement and all of the rights and remedies
hereunder shall be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the State of
Delaware without regard to conflict of laws principles.

 20. Amendments. This Agreement may not be modified, altered, supplemented
or amended except pursuant to a written agreement executed and delivered by the
Member.

 21. No Third-Party Beneficiary. Subject to Paragraph 12 above, any
agreement to pay any amount and any assumption of liability herein contained,
express or implied, shall be only for the benefit of the Member, and such
agreements and assumptions shall not inure to the benefit of the obligees of any
indebtedness or any other party, whomsoever, deemed to be a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement.

 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, has
duly executed this Agreement as of the 31st day of January, 2006.

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

EXHIBIT F

 ESCROW AGREEMENT

 This Escrow Agreement (this "Agreement") dated as of February ____,
2006, is made by and among WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Ned Scherer, an individual, in his capacity as the representative
(the "Member Representative") of all of the Unitholders and Accredited
Optionholders (each, a "Holder" and collectively, the "Holders") of Visual
Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company"), and U.S.
Stock Transfer Corporation, as Depository Agent (the "Depository Agent").

 RECITALS

 WHEREAS, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger made and entered
into as of February ___, 2006 by and among Parent, VS Acquisition, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Merger Sub"), the Company and the Member Representative (as it may be
amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the "Merger
Agreement"), at the Effective Time, the Company will be merged with and into
Merger Sub, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement.

 WHEREAS, Section 3.2 of the Merger Agreement provides that in order to
satisfy any claims for indemnification made by Parent pursuant to Article VIII
of the Merger Agreement, an escrow account (the "Escrow Account") shall be
established into which Parent shall deposit shares of Parent Common Stock
constituting the Escrow Fund at the Effective Time.

 WHEREAS, a material condition to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement is that the parties hereto enter into this
Agreement.

 AGREEMENT

 NOW THEREFORE, as a material inducement to Parent, Merger Sub, the
Company and the Member Representative to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereby agree as follows:

 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

 2. Commencement of Duties. Parent, concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Merger Agreement,
is transferring to the Depository Agent the Escrow Fund consisting entirely of
the Escrowed Shares. Upon receipt of the Escrowed Shares by the Depository
Agent, the duties and obligations of each of the parties to this Agreement will
commence.

3. Escrow Fund.

 (a) Upon receipt of the Escrowed Shares, the Depository Agent
shall send a notice to Parent and the Member Representative acknowledging
receipt of the Escrowed Shares and shall hold the Escrowed Shares in escrow in
the Escrow Account pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

 (b) The certificates representing the Escrowed Shares shall be
retained in the Escrow Account until released pursuant to Section 6 of this
Agreement. The proceeds of all dividends or distributions in respect of the
Escrowed Shares (including dividends and distributions described in Section
3(c)), and all other cash, securities or other property received in exchange for
or in substitution of the Escrowed Shares (including as described in Section
3(d)) (collectively, "Proceeds") shall be retained in the Escrow Account until
released pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement.

 (c) Parent and the Holders agree that any cash dividends,
securities or other property distributable in respect of the Escrowed Shares
shall be distributed by the Parent to, and held by, the Depository Agent in the
Escrow Account subject to the provisions of this Agreement to the same extent as
the Escrowed Shares.

 (d) If, after the date of this Agreement, the Escrowed Shares
shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a different type or
class of securities, by reason of any stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, merger or exchange of
shares, such different number of shares or type or class of securities shall be
held in the Escrow Account subject to the provisions of this Agreement to the
same extent as the Escrowed Shares, and the provisions of this Agreement shall
be correspondingly adjusted to the extent appropriate to reflect equitably such
stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split,
combination, merger or exchange of shares.

 4. Holders' Pro Rata Shares of the Escrow Fund.

 (a) Each Unitholder as of the Closing and each Accredited
Optionholder holding vested Company Options immediately prior to the Closing, as
identified on Schedule A-1 hereto, shall have the following interest in the
Escrow Account, from time to time:

 (i) an interest in all Escrowed Shares equal to such proportion
of the total number thereof equal to such Holder's Pro Rata Share of the Escrow
Fund, as set forth on Schedule A-2 hereto; and

 (ii) an interest in all Proceeds, if any, of the Escrowed Shares
equal to the portion thereof equal to such Holder's Pro Rata Share of the Escrow
Fund, as set forth on Schedule A-2 hereto.

 5. No Stockholder Rights.

 (a) As long as any Escrowed Shares are held in the Escrow
Account, and pending the distribution thereof to Parent or the Holders, as the
case may be, in connection with any distributions from the Escrow Account in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Depositary

2

Agent will have the right to exercise any voting rights with respect to the
Escrowed Shares. In connection with any Parent stockholder meetings or
solicitations of proxies or written consents from Parent stockholders, Parent
will direct the Depositary Agent in writing as to the exercise of voting and
consent rights for the Escrowed Shares, which directions shall replicate as
closely as practicable the split of yes, no and abstain votes cast by all other
stockholders of Parent in connection with such meeting or consent. The
Depository Agent shall comply with any such directions of the Parent. In the
absence of such directions from the Parent, the Depository Agent shall not vote
or grant its consent with respect to any of the Escrowed Shares.

 (b) Prior to the distribution of the Escrowed Shares in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holders shall have no rights in the
Escrowed Shares, including without limitation, no rights to sell, assign,
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber such Escrowed Shares or
any interest therein.

 6. Payments from the Escrow Account.

 (a) A Parent Indemnified Party shall initiate a claim against the
Escrow Fund by delivering to the Member Representative, with a copy to the
Depository Agent, a written notice (an "Indemnification Notice"), which
Indemnification Notice shall:

 (i) state that such Parent Indemnified Party is a Parent
Indemnified Party under the Merger Agreement and has paid or incurred one or
more Losses that satisfy the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 8.2
of the Merger Agreement (each, a "Covered Loss");

 (ii) state in good faith the aggregate amount (the
"Indemnification Amount") of each such Covered Loss; and

 (iii) specify in reasonable detail the nature and basis of each
such Covered Loss.

 (b) If the Member Representative shall object in good faith to
any portion of any Indemnification Amount specified in any Indemnification
Notice, the Member Representative shall, within thirty (30) calendar days after
delivery by the Parent Indemnified Party to the Member Representative of such
Indemnification Notice, deliver to the Depository Agent (with a copy to the
Parent Indemnified Party) a certificate, executed by the Member Representative
(a "Certificate of Objections"):

 (i) specifying each such amount to which the Member
Representative objects in good faith; and

 (ii) specifying in reasonable detail the nature and basis for
each such good faith objection.

Promptly upon receipt of a Certificate of Objections, the Depository Agent shall
deliver a copy of such Certificate of Objections to the Parent Indemnified
Party.

3

(c) If the Depository Agent shall not have received a Certificate
of Objections objecting to an Indemnification Amount within thirty (30) calendar
days after delivery to the Member Representative of an Indemnification Notice
specifying such Indemnification Amount, the Holders and the Member
Representative shall be deemed to have acknowledged that the Indemnification
Amount claimed on such Indemnification Notice is correct and final and the
Depository Agent shall thereafter transfer to such Parent Indemnified Party out
of the Escrow Account (such transfer to be applied and deducted from the Escrow
Fund pro rata in accordance with each Holder's Pro Rata Share of the Escrow
Fund) such number of Escrowed Shares with an aggregate value equal to the
Indemnification Amount set forth in the Indemnification Notice, together with
any Proceeds attributable to such transferred Escrowed Shares. For purposes of
this Agreement, each Escrowed Share shall be deemed to have a value equal to the
Parent Common Stock Price (as such amount may be appropriately adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, and the like).

 (d) If the Depository Agent receives, within thirty (30) calendar
days after delivery to the Member Representative of an Indemnification Notice, a
Certificate of Objections objecting to the Indemnification Amount specified in
such Indemnification Notice, the amount so objected to shall be held by the
Depository Agent and shall not be released from the Escrow Account, except in
accordance with either:

 (i) written instructions executed by Parent and the Member
Representative, or

 (ii) written instructions from the Parent Indemnified Party and
the final judgment of the arbitrator having jurisdiction over the matters
relating to the claim, as provided in Section 7,

after which time the Depository Agent shall cause: (A) a transfer to the Parent
Indemnified Party in the manner set forth in Section 6(c); provided, that all
references to the Indemnification Amount shall be deemed to be references to the
amount to be transferred to the Parent Indemnified Party as specified in the
written instruction or judgment, as the case may be; and (B) in the event such
written instruction or judgment is delivered following the First Release Date
(as defined below), a distribution to the Holders in an aggregate amount equal
to the amount so objected to and not released pursuant to (A) above (the
"Holdback Release"). Any Holdback Release shall be distributed to each Holder,
in an amount equal to the product of the Holdback Release multiplied by such
Holder's Pro Rata Share of the Escrow Fund, together with any Proceeds
attributable to such released Escrowed Shares.

 (e) Subject to Section 11, on the earlier of (i) April 1, 2007 or
(ii) such date as shall have been specified in a joint written notice of Parent
and the Member Representative to the Depository Agent (the "First Release
Date"), the Depository Agent shall distribute a number of Escrowed Shares that
have a value equal to the amount, if any, by which the value of the Escrowed
Shares at such date (valued at the Parent Common Stock Price (as such amount may
be appropriately adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations,
and the like)), exceeds the First Reserved Amount (the "First Released Amount").
The First Released Amount shall be transferred to each Holder, in an amount
equal to the product of the

4

First Released Amount multiplied by such Holder's Pro Rata Share of the Escrow
Fund, together with any Proceeds attributable to such released Escrowed Shares.

The "First Reserved Amount" means an amount equal to the aggregate of the
Indemnification Amounts claimed and unpaid (other than claims which shall have
been resolved and for which no payment shall be due), in all Indemnification
Notices delivered to the Depository Agent prior to the First Release Date,
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.4 of the Merger Agreement.

 (f) Upon the termination of this Agreement in accordance with
Section 10, but subject to Section 11, the Depository Agent shall promptly
distribute the remaining Escrowed Shares to each Holder, in an amount equal to
the product of the remaining value multiplied by such Holder's Pro Rata Share of
the Escrow Fund, together with any Proceeds attributable to such released
Escrowed Shares.

 (g) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6, if a Holder
of Units has not submitted to Parent a letter of transmittal in proper form
pursuant to Section 4.1(b) of the Merger Agreement prior to the time of any
distribution to the Holders, the amount deliverable to such Holder shall be
delivered to Parent, to be held by Parent on behalf of such Holder pursuant to
Section 4.1(f) of the Merger Agreement.

 (h) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, the Depository
Agent shall, if so instructed in writing signed by Parent and the Member
Representative, pay from the Escrow Account, as instructed, to Parent, any
Indemnified Party or any Holder, as directed in such writing, the number of
Escrow Shares and any Proceeds attributable thereto.

 7. Resolution of Conflicts

 (a) In case the Member Representative shall timely object in
writing to any claim or claims by a Parent Indemnified Party made in any
Indemnification Notice, as provided in Section 6(b), the Member Representative
and the Parent Indemnified Party shall attempt in good faith for thirty (30)
calendar days following delivery of the Certificate of Objections to agree upon
the rights of the respective parties with respect to each of such claims. If the
Member Representative and the Indemnified Party should so agree, a memorandum
setting forth such agreement shall be prepared and signed by both parties and
shall be furnished to the Depository Agent. The Depository Agent shall be
entitled to rely on any such memorandum and shall distribute amounts from the
Escrow Fund in accordance with the terms thereof.

 (b) If no such agreement can be reached after good faith
negotiation, either the Parent Indemnified Party or the Member Representative
may, by written notice to the other, demand arbitration of the matter unless the
amount of the damage or loss is at issue in pending litigation with a third
party, in which event arbitration shall not be commenced until such amount is
ascertained or both parties agree to arbitration; and in either such event the
matter shall be settled by arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator. The
arbitrator shall be jointly selected by the Parent Indemnified Party and the
Member Representative within fifteen (15) calendar days after such written
notice is sent, or absent such agreement, such arbitrator shall be

5

appointed pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect of the
American Arbitration Association. The decision of the arbitrator as to the
validity and amount of any claim in such Indemnification Notice shall be binding
and conclusive upon the parties to this Agreement, and the Depository Agent
shall be entitled to act in accordance with such decision and make or withhold
payments out of the Escrow Fund in accordance therewith.

 (c) Any such arbitration shall be held in Washington, D.C. under
the Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect of the American Arbitration
Association. For purposes of this Section 7, in any arbitration hereunder in
which any claim or the amount thereof stated in the Indemnification Notice is at
issue, the Parent Indemnified Party shall be deemed to be the "Non-Prevailing
Party" unless the arbitrator awards the Parent Indemnified Party more than
one-half (1/2) of the amount in dispute; otherwise, the Member Representative
(on behalf of the Holders) shall be deemed to be the Non-Prevailing Party. The
Non-Prevailing Party to an arbitration shall pay its own expenses, the fees of
the arbitrator, the administrative fee of the American Arbitration Association,
and the expenses, including without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs,
reasonably incurred by the other party to the arbitration. Judgment upon any
award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction.

 8. Tax Matters

 (a) The parties intend for federal income tax purposes, that
property held by the Depository Agent shall be treated as delivered to recipient
Unitholders and Accredited Optionholders at the time such property is
distributed to them from escrow (and not at the time of deposit into escrow).

 (b) All earnings, if any, on the Escrow Fund shall be treated as
having been received by Parent for United States federal income tax purposes.

 (c) The Holders shall provide to the Depository Agent within
thirty (30) days after the Closing Date all forms and information that the
Depository Agent may reasonably require (including, without limitation, IRS
Forms W-8 or W-9, as applicable).

 (d) The Depository Agent annually shall file any applicable
information returns with the IRS and provide statements to Parent, with copies
to the Member Representative, documenting any earnings on the Escrow Fund. In
the event that the Depository Agent becomes liable for the payment of Taxes
relating to earnings on the Escrow Fund or any payment made hereunder
(including, but not limited to, withholding Taxes), the Depository Agent may
collect such Taxes directly from the Parent or the applicable Holders. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Depository Agent shall have no
obligation to prepare or file any other Tax Returns or to pay any Taxes or
estimated Taxes.

 9. Depository Agent.

 (a) Duties of the Depository Agent. The Depository Agent shall
have no duties or responsibilities other than those expressly set forth in this
Agreement, and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this
Agreement against the Depository Agent. The Depository Agent shall have no duty
to enforce any obligation of any Person, other than as provided herein. The
Depository Agent shall be under no liability to anyone by reason of any

6

failure on the part of any party hereto or any maker, endorser or other
signatory of any document or any other person to perform such person's
obligations under any such document.

 (b) Liability of the Depository Agent.

 (i) In performing any duties under this Agreement, the
Depository Agent shall not be liable to any party for consequential damages,
(including, without limitation lost profits) losses, or expenses, except for
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Depository Agent. The
Depository Agent shall not incur any such liability for any act or failure to
act made or omitted in good faith or for any action taken or omitted in reliance
upon any instrument, including any written statement or affidavit provided for
in this Agreement that the Depository Agent shall in good faith believe to be
genuine, nor will the Depository Agent be liable or responsible for forgeries,
fraud, impersonations, or determining the scope of any representative authority.
In addition, the Depository Agent may consult with legal counsel in connection
with the Depository Agent's duties under this Agreement and shall be fully
protected in any act taken, suffered, or permitted by him/her in good faith in
accordance with the advice of counsel. The Depository Agent is not responsible
for determining and verifying the authority of any person acting or purporting
to act on behalf of any party to this Agreement. The parties shall indemnify and
hold the Depository Agent harmless from any and all liability for acting on an
investment instruction purported to be given by Parent and the Member
Representative to the extent of 50 for Parent and 50 for the Member
Representative (on behalf of the Holders, and which indemnification by the
Member Representative and the Holders shall be solely out of and only to the
extent of the Escrow Fund). The Depository Agent shall not be responsible for
the authenticity of any instructions, or be in any way liable for any
unauthorized instruction or for acting on such an instruction, whether or not
the person giving the instruction was, in fact, an authorized representative of
Parent and the Member Representative.

 (ii) In no event shall the Depository Agent be liable to the
parties for any consequential, special, or exemplary damages, including but not
limited to lost profits, from any cause whatsoever arising out of, or in any way
connected with acting upon instructions believed by the Depository Agent to be
genuine. The Depository Agent shall not be liable for any loss from such
investments, including upon the sale or disposition of any investments. The
Depository Agent shall not be liable for any loss arising directly or
indirectly, in whole or in part, from the inability to invest funds on the day
the instructions are received. The Depository Agent shall not be liable for any
loss incurred by the actions of third parties or by any loss arising by error,
failure, or delay in making an investment which is caused by circumstances
beyond the Depository Agent's reasonable control.

 (iii) Parent and the Member Representative (on behalf of the
Holders) agree, to the extent of 50 for Parent and 50 for the Member
Representative (on behalf of the Holders, which indemnification by the Member
Representative and the Holders shall be solely out of and only to the extent of
the Escrow Fund), to jointly and severally indemnify and hold the Depository
Agent harmless against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, and
expenses, including reasonable costs of investigation, counsel fees, including
allocated costs of in-house counsel and disbursements that may be imposed on the
Depository Agent or incurred by the Depository Agent in connection with the
performance of its/his/her duties under this Agreement, including but not
limited to any litigation arising from this

7

Agreement or involving its subject matter, except in the case of the Depository
Agent's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

 (iv) If any controversy arises between the parties to this
Agreement, or with any other party, concerning the subject matter of this
Agreement, its terms or conditions, the Depository Agent will not be required to
determine the controversy or to take any action regarding it. The Depository
Agent may hold all documents and funds and may wait for settlement of any such
controversy by final appropriate legal proceedings or other means as, in the
Depository Agent's discretion, the Depository Agent may require, despite what
may be set forth elsewhere in this Agreement. In such event, the Depository
Agent will not be liable for interest or damage. Furthermore, the Depository
Agent may at its option, file an action of interpleader requiring the parties to
answer and litigate any claims and rights among themselves. The Depository Agent
is authorized to deposit with the clerk of the court all documents and funds
held in escrow, except all costs, expenses, charges and reasonable attorneys'
fees incurred by the Depository Agent due to the interpleader action and which
the parties jointly and severally agree to pay. Upon initiating such action, the
Depository Agent shall be fully released and discharged of and from all
obligations and liability imposed by the terms of this Agreement.

 (c) Withdrawal of Depository Agent. The Depository Agent may
resign at any time upon giving at least thirty (30) days' written notice to the
parties; provided, however, that no such resignation shall become effective
until the appointment of a successor Depository Agent, which shall be
accomplished as follows: The parties shall use their reasonable efforts to
mutually agree on a successor Depository Agent within thirty (30) days after
receiving such notice. If the parties fail to agree upon a successor Depository
Agent within such time, the Depository Agent shall have the right to appoint a
successor Depository Agent authorized to do business in the State of California.
The successor Depository Agent shall execute and deliver an instrument accepting
such appointment, and it shall, without further acts, be vested with all the
estates, properties, rights, powers, and duties of the predecessor Depository
Agent as if originally named as the Depository Agent. The Depository Agent shall
thereafter be discharged from any further duties and liability under this
Agreement.

 (d) Change of Control of Depository Agent. Any company into which
the Depository Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any
company to whom the Depository Agent may transfer a substantial amount of its
business, shall be the successor to the Depository Agent without the execution
or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties,
anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

 (e) Fees. The Depository Agent's fees shall be as set forth on
Exhibit B hereto, payable by Parent. It is understood that the fees and usual
charges agreed upon for services of the Depository Agent shall be considered
compensation for ordinary services as contemplated by this Agreement. In the
event that the conditions of this Agreement are not promptly fulfilled, or if
the Depository Agent renders any service not provided for in this Agreement, or
if the parties request a substantial modification of its terms, or if any
controversy arises, or if the Depository Agent is made a party to, or intervenes
in, any litigation pertaining to this escrow or its subject matter, the
Depository Agent shall be reasonably compensated for such extraordinary services
and reimbursed for all reasonable costs, attorneys' fees, including allocated
costs of in-house counsel, and expenses occasioned by such default, delay,
controversy

8

or litigation, and the Depository Agent shall have the right to retain all
documents and/or other things of value at any time held by the Depository Agent
in this escrow until such compensation, fees, costs and expenses are paid. Any
such extraordinary fees, costs and expenses shall be payable 50 by Parent and
50 by the Member Representative (on behalf of the Holders out of the Escrow
Fund and only to the extent of the funds and property comprising the Escrow
Fund).

 10. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate on the later of: (a)
the date on which there are no Escrowed Shares or other property remaining in
the Escrow Fund and (b) ten business days following the date on which all claims
made in Indemnification Notices timely delivered to the Depository Agent shall
have been resolved.

 11. Holder Representative Costs and Expenses. By virtue of their
approval of the Merger (including this Agreement), the Holders hereby agree to
pay (i) the reasonable fees of the Member Representative relating to its/his/her
services performed in such capacity and (ii) all costs and expenses, including
those of any legal counsel or other professional retained by the Member
Representative, in connection with the acceptance and administration of the
Member Representative's duties hereunder. Subject to the prior right of Parent
to make claims for indemnification hereunder, the Member Representative shall
have the right to recover from distributions to the Holders from the Escrow
Account pursuant to this Agreement, and prior to any such distribution, a number
of Escrowed Shares set forth in a certificate of the Member Representative
delivered to the Depository Agent three (3) business days prior to the date on
which a distribution is to be made to the Holders, which number of shares shall
be equal to (A) any fees, costs and expenses set forth in such certificate,
including those of any legal counsel or other professional retained by the
Member Representative, in connection with the acceptance and administration of
the Holder Representative's duties hereunder, multiplied by (B) the closing
price of Parent Common Stock on the securities exchange or automated quotation
service upon which the Parent Common Stock is then listed or quoted for trading
on the trading day immediately preceding the third business day prior to the
date on which a distribution is to be made to the Holders.

 12. Miscellaneous.

 (a) Inspection. The Escrow Fund shall at all times be clearly
identified as being held by the Depository Agent hereunder. Any party hereto may
at any time during the Depository Agent's business hours (with reasonable
notice) inspect any records or reports relating to the Escrow Fund.

 (b) Controlling Document. To the extent provisions of the Merger
Agreement are inconsistent with the provisions contained herewith, this
Agreement shall supersede the Merger Agreement and be the controlling document;
provided, however, that the provisions of Article VIII of the Merger Agreement
shall control for all purposes, except with regard to the Depository Agent's
duties.

 (c) Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices and
other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
(a) delivered in person, (b) transmitted by telecopy (with written
confirmation), (c) mailed by certified or registered mail (return receipt
requested) (in which case such notice shall be deemed given on

9

the third (3rd) day after such mailing, but only if deposited at a U.S. Postal
Service office) or (d) delivered by an express courier (with written
confirmation) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

 If to Parent:

 WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor
 San Diego, California 92121
 Facsimile: (858) 546-0695
 Attention: General Counsel

 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

 Latham & Watkins LLP
 12636 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400
 San Diego, California 92130
 Telephone: (858) 523-5406
 Facsimile: (858) 523-5450
 Attention: Barry M. Clarkson

 If to the Member Representative:

 Ned Scherer
 Kaiser, Scherer & Schlegel, PLLC
 1410 Springhill Drive
 McLean, VA 22102
 Telephone: (703) 847-4660
 Facsimile: (703) 847-3189

 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

 Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
 Chrysler Center
 666 Third Avenue
 New York, NY 10017
 Attention: Richard R. Kelly, Esq.
 Telephone: (212) 935-3000
 Facsimile: (212) 983-3115

10

If to the Depository Agent:

 U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation
 1745 Gardena Ave.
 Glendale, CA 91204-2991
 Telephone: (818) 502-1404
 Facsimile: (818 502-0674
 Attn: William Garza

 Any party may, from time to time, designate any other address to which
any such notice to it or such party shall be sent. Any such notice shall be
deemed to have been delivered upon receipt.

 (d) Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT, THE LEGAL RELATIONS BETWEEN
THE PARTIES AND THE ADJUDICATION AND THE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF, SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY AND INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT REGARD TO APPLICABLE CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.

 (e) Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon the
Holders, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. No provision of this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to
confer upon any entity or Person other than the Holders (solely with respect to
Sections 6(d), 6(e), and 6(f)), the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns any benefit, right, remedy or claim under or by
reason of this Agreement or any part hereof. This Agreement may not be assigned
by any of the parties hereto; provided, however, that Parent may assign all or
part of its rights under this Agreement and delegate all or part of its
obligations under this Agreement to (i) a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, in
which event all of the rights and powers of Parent and remedies available to
Parent under this Agreement shall extend to and be enforceable by such
Subsidiary (provided that Parent remains jointly and severally liable with such
assignee for any obligations of Parent hereunder after such assignment) or (ii)
any Person who acquires Parent, whether by way of merger or the purchase of all
of Parent's outstanding capital stock or all or substantially all of Parent's
assets. In the event of any such assignment and delegation, the term "Parent" as
used in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to such Subsidiary or successor
of Parent, as the case may be, where reference is made with respect to actions
to be taken with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and this Agreement, and shall be deemed to include both Parent and
such Subsidiary or successor of Parent, as the case may be, where appropriate.

 (f) Modification. This Agreement may be amended or modified at
any time by a writing executed by each of Parent, the Member Representative and
the Depository Agent.

 (g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken
together shall

11

constitute one and the same agreement, it being understood that all of the
parties need not sign the same counterpart.

 (h) Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement
are inserted for convenience only, and shall not affect in any way, the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.

 (i) Entire Agreement; Severability and Further Assurances. Except
as provided herein, this Agreement together with the Merger Agreement and all
exhibits and schedules attached hereto constitute the entire agreement among the
parties and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings
of the parties in connection herewith. No failure or delay of a party in
exercising any right, power or remedy may be, or may be deemed to be, a waiver
thereof; nor may any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy
preclude any other or further exercise of any right, power or remedy. In the
event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement, shall,
for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
then to the maximum extent permitted by Law, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement. Each of
the parties hereto shall, at the request of the other party, deliver to the
requesting party all further documents or other assurances as may reasonably be
necessary or desirable in connection with this Agreement.

 (j) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended
to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto (and the Holders with
respect to Sections 6(d), 6(e), and 6(f)) any rights or remedies.

 [Signature Page Follows]

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed as of the date first written above.

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

NED SCHERER,
 as Member Representative

-----------------------------------

U.S. STOCK TRANSFER CORPORATION

By:
 ------------------------------------
 Name:
 ----------------------------------
 Title:
 ---------------------------------

13

</EX-2.4>

<EX-10.3E>
 3
 v37326exv10w3e.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3E

exv10w3e 

Exhibit 10.3E 

OMNITURE, INC. 

2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the
 Award Agreement ).

I. 
 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

Participant s Name: 

INSERT NAME 

Participant s Address: 

INSERT ADDRESS 

You have been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows:

Grant Number:

INSERT GRANT NUMBER 

Date of Grant:

INSERT GRANT DATE 

Vesting Commencement Date:

INSERT START DATE 

Number of Restricted Stock Units:

INSERT NUMBER OF SHARES 

Vesting Schedule :

Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below, the
Restricted Stock Unit will vest in accordance with the following schedule:

INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE , subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through
each applicable vesting date. 

In the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before
Participant vests in the Restricted Stock Unit, the Restricted Stock Unit and Participant s right
to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate.

II. 
 
 AGREEMENT 

A. Grant of Restricted Stock Unit .

The Administrator hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as
Part I of this Award Agreement Participant under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units,
subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is
incorporated
herein by reference. Subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between
the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the
terms and conditions of

the Plan will prevail.

B. Company s Obligation to Pay .

Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests.
Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section C,
Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual
payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Unit will represent an
unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the
Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Sections C or D will be paid to
Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares, subject
to Participant satisfying any applicable tax withholding obligations as set forth in Section G.
Subject to the provisions of Section D, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in Shares
as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within the period ending no later than
the date that is two and one half (2 1 / 2 months from the end of the Company s tax year that includes
the vesting date.

C. Vesting Schedule .

Except as provided in Section D, and subject to Section E, the Restricted Stock Units awarded
by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice
of Grant attached as Part I of this Award Agreement. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a
certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in Participant in
accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been
continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs.

D. Administrator Discretion .

The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some
lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the
terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having
vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.

Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting
of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated
in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination
is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company),
other than due to death , and if (x) Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of
Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such
accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section
409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s
termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will
not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s
termination as a Service Provider, unless the Participant dies following his or her termination as
a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to the
Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this
Award Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted
Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to
the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so
comply. For purposes of this Award Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and
any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance
thereunder, as
each may be amended from time to time.

-2- 

E. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider .

Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance of the Restricted
Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant s termination as a Service Provider
for any or no reason and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately
terminate.

F. Death of Participant .

Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if
Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary
survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee
must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b)
evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with
any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.

G. Withholding of Taxes .

Regardless of any action the Company or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining
Participant (the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal,
state and local tax and/or non-U.S. tax), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or
other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), Participant acknowledges that the ultimate
liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by Participant is and remains Participant s
responsibility and that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings
regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award,
including the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares
acquired upon vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents; and (ii) do not
commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate
Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items.

Prior to the relevant taxable event, Participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of
the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, if permissible under local law, Participant
authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, at its discretion, to satisfy the obligations with
regard to all Tax-Related Items legally payable by Participant by one or a combination of the
following:

(i) withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the
Company and/or the Employer; or

(ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the Award;
or

(iii) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant (on Participant s
behalf and at Participant s direction pursuant to this authorization); or

(iv) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares, provided that the Company only withholds the
amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum withholding amount or such other amount as may be
necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment. If the Company satisfies the obligation for
Tax-Related Items by withholding a number of Shares as described herein, Participant shall be
deemed, for tax purposes only, to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested
portion of the Award, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the
purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Award.

-3- 

Finally, Participant shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items
that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of Participant s
participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to deliver Shares if Participant fails to
comply with Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this
section.

H. Entire Agreement; Governing Law .

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement constitute
the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in
their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant s interest except by
means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement
as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant,
to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition under Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units. This Award
Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of Utah.
For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of
the parties evidenced by this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Utah and agree that such litigation shall be conducted
only in the courts of Utah, Fourth District, or the federal courts for the United States for the
10 th Circuit, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.

I. Rights as Stockholder .

Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder
unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the
records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant. After
such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of
the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such
Shares.

J. NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE .

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO
THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE
COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF
RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET
FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE
PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH
PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S
RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME.

K. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges that:

-4- 

(1) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it
may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise
provided in the Plan and this Award Agreement;

(2) the Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right
to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units,
even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past;

(3) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the
Company;

(4) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;

(5) the Award is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for
services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which is outside the scope of
Participant s employment or service contract, if any;

(6) the Award is not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes,
including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy,
end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or
similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way
to, past services for the Company or the Employer;

(7) in the event that Participant is not an Employee of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary
or affiliate of the Company, the Award and Participant s participation in the Plan will not be
interpreted to form an employment or service contract or relationship with the Company or any
Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company;

(8) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with
certainty;

(9) in consideration of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall
arise from termination of the Award or from any diminution in value of the Award or
Shares acquired upon vesting of the Award resulting from termination of Participant s status
as a Service Provider by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not
in breach of local labor laws) and Participant irrevocably releases the Company and the Employer
from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a
court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing this Award Agreement, Participant
shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim;

(10) in the event of termination of Participant s status as a Service Provider (whether or not
in breach of local labor laws), Participant s right to receive an Award and vest in an Award under
the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that Participant is no longer actively a
Service Provider and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g .,
active employment will not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local
law); the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no
longer actively a Service Provider for purposes of the Award;

(11) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s
acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares; and

-5- 

(12) Participant is hereby advised to consult with Participant s own personal tax, legal and
financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action
related to the Plan.

L. Data Privacy . 

Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer,
in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement
and any other Award grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its
Parents, Subsidiaries and affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal
information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and
telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary,
nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all
Awards or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested
or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing the Plan Data ). 

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E TRADE FINANCIAL, or such other
stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the
Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant
understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and
that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and
protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that Participant may request a
list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting
Participant s local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, E TRADE
FINANCIAL and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the
future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and
transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering
and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be
held only as long as
is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional
information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or
refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing
Participant s local human resources representative. Participant understands, however, that
refusing or withdrawing consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For
more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent,
Participant understands that Participant may contact Participant s local human resources
representative. 

M. Address for Notices .

Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be
addressed to the Company at Ominture, Inc., 550 East Timpanagos Circle Building G, Orem, UT 84097,
or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.

N. Grant is Not Transferable .

-6- 

Except to the limited extent provided in Section F, this grant and the rights and privileges
conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by
operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or
similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of
this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any
execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby
immediately will become null and void.

O. Binding Agreement .

Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award
Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

P. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock .

If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration
or qualification of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or
the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a
condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate), such issuance will not
occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have
been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company
determines that the delivery of the payment of any Shares will violate federal securities laws or
other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company
reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation. The
Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state or federal law
or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental
authority.

Q. Administrator Authority .

The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to
adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are
consistent
therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the
determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all
interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and
binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the
Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in
good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.

R. Language .

If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan
translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is
different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise prescribed
by local law.

S. Electronic Delivery .

The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Restricted
Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the
Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic
means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if
requested, to

-7- 

agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established
and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.

T. Captions .

Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for
interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.

U. Severability .

The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are
determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions
shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

V. Exhibit .

Notwithstanding any provision herein, Participant s participation in the Plan shall be subject
to any special terms and conditions as set forth in Exhibit A for Participant s country of
residence, if any. Exhibit A constitutes part of this Award Agreement.

By Participant s signature and the signature of the Company s representative below,
Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and
governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant has
reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the
advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of
the Plan and Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final
all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and
Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence
address indicated below.

PARTICIPANT:

OMNITURE, INC.

Signature

By 

Print Name

Title 

Residence Address :

-8- 

EXHIBIT A 

OMNITURE, INC. 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
SPECIAL TERMS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 

This Exhibit A includes special terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units
granted to Participant if Participant resides in the countries contained herein. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Award Agreement (of
which this Exhibit A is a part) and the Plan.

This Exhibit A may also include information regarding exchange controls and certain other
issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to Participant s participation in the
Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the
respective countries as of January 2008. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a
result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information noted herein
as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in
the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time Participant acquires Shares or
sells Shares he/she acquires under the Plan.

In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular
situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result.
 Accordingly, Participant is strongly advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the
relevant laws in Participant s country apply to his or her specific situation. 

If Participant is a citizen or resident of another country, or is considered a resident of another
country for local law purposes, the information contained in this Appendix may not be applicable to
him or her .

Australia 

Securities Law Disclaimer 

Participant acknowledges and understands that if Participant acquires Shares upon vesting of the
Award and Participant offers Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, the offer
may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. Participant acknowledges and
understands that Participant should obtain legal advice on the disclosure obligations prior to
making any such offer.

Restricted Stock Units Payable Only in Shares 

Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, the
grant of Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash
payment and the Restricted Stock Units are payable in newly-issued Shares only i.e ., treasury
shares will not be used to settle vested Restricted Stock Units).

Japan 

No country-specific terms apply.

United Kingdom 

Eligibility 

Page 1 of 3 

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4(b) of the Plan, Restricted Stock Units may only be
granted to employees of the Company, or any Parent or Subsidiary or affiliate. Such term shall not
include common law employees, non-employee executive officers or non-employee directors.

Withholding 

The paragraphs below replace in its entirety Section II.G of the Award Agreement:

Regardless of any action the Company or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Participant
(the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, primary and secondary Class 1
National Insurance contributions, payroll tax or other tax-related withholding attributable to or
payable in connection with or pursuant to the grant, vesting, release or assignment of any Award Tax-Related Items ), Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related
Items legally due by Participant is and remains Participant s responsibility and that the Company
and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any
Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant or vesting of the
Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting and the receipt of
any dividends or dividend equivalents; and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant
or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items.

As a condition of the issuance of Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company
and/or the Employer shall be entitled to withhold and Participant agrees to pay, or make adequate
arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy, all obligations of the
Company and/or the Employer to account to HM Revenue Customs HMRC for any Tax-Related Items.

In this regard, if permissible under local law, Participant authorizes the Company and/or the
Employer, at its discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items
legally payable by Participant by one or a combination of the following:

(i) withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the
Company and/or the Employer; or

(ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the Award;
or

(iii) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant (on Participant s
behalf and at Participant s direction pursuant to this authorization); or

(iv) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares. If the Company satisfies the obligation for
Tax-Related Items by withholding a number of Shares as described herein, Participant shall be
deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested portion of the Award,
notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the
Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Award.

Participant shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the
Company or the Employer may be required to account to HMRC with respect to the event giving rise to
the Tax-Related Items (the Chargeable Event that cannot be satisfied by the means previously
described. If payment or withholding is not made within 90 days of the Chargeable Event or such
other period as required under U.K. law (the Due Date ), Participant agrees that the amount of any
uncollected Tax-Related Items shall (assuming Participant is not a director or executive officer of
the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended)), constitute a loan owed by Participant to the Employer, effective on the Due Date.
Participant agrees that the loan will bear interest at the then-current HMRC Official Rate and it
will be

Page 2 of 3 

immediately due and repayable, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time
thereafter by any of the means referred to above. If any of the foregoing methods of collection
are not allowed under Applicable Laws or if Participant fails to comply with Participant s
obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section, the Company may
refuse to deliver the Shares acquired under the Plan.

Joint Election 

As a condition of Participant s participation in the Plan and the vesting of the Restricted Stock
Units, Participant agrees to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 National Insurance
contributions (the Employer s Liability which may be payable by the Company and/or the Employer
in connection with the Restricted Stock Units and any event giving rise to Tax-Related Items. To
accomplish the foregoing, Participant agrees to execute a joint election with the Company (the
 Election ), the form of such Election being formally approved by HMRC, and any other consent or
elections required to accomplish the transfer of the Employer s Liability to Participant.
Participant further agrees to execute such other joint elections as may be required between
Participant and any successor to the Company and/or the Employer. If Participant does not enter
into the Election when Participant accepts the Award Agreement or when otherwise requested by the
Company and/or Employer, or if the Election is revoked at any time by HMRC, the Restricted Stock
Units will cease vesting and become null and void, and no Shares will be acquired under the Plan
without any liability to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, unless Participant agrees to pay
an amount equal to the Employer s Liability to the Company, the Employer and/or any Parent,
Subsidiary or affiliate. Participant further agrees that the Company and/or the Employer may
collect the Employer s Liability by any of the means set forth in the Withholding section of this
Award Agreement.

Page 3 of 3 

</EX-10.3E>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 v37326exv10w5.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.5

EXHIBIT 10.5

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2000 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

 TERMINATION DATE: DECEMBER 19, 2009

1. PURPOSES.

 (a) AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT. The Plan amends and restates the
WebSideStory 1998 Stock Option Plan effective August 1, 1998 and the
WebSideStory 1999 Stock Option Plan effective June 16, 1999 (the "PRIOR PLANS").
All outstanding options granted under the Prior Plans also shall be amended.

 (b) ELIGIBLE STOCK AWARD RECIPIENTS. The persons eligible to
receive Stock Awards are the Employees, Directors and Consultants of the Company
and its Affiliates.

 (c) AVAILABLE STOCK AWARDS. The purpose of the Plan is to provide
a means by which eligible recipients of Stock Awards may be given an opportunity
to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of
the following Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock
Options, (iii) stock bonuses and (iv) rights to acquire restricted stock.

 (d) GENERAL PURPOSE. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to
retain the services of the group of persons eligible to receive Stock Awards, to
secure and retain the services of new members of this group and to provide
incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the
Company and its Affiliates.

2. DEFINITIONS.

 (a) "AFFILIATE" means any parent corporation or subsidiary
corporation of the Company, whether now or hereafter existing, as those terms
are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code.

 (b) "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

 (c) "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

 (d) "COMMITTEE" means a committee of one or more members of the
Board appointed by the Board in accordance with subsection 3(c).

 (e) "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company.

 (f) "COMPANY" means WebSideStory, Inc., a California corporation.

 1

(g) "CONSULTANT" means any person, including an advisor, (i)
engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services
and who is compensated for such services or (ii) who is a member of the Board of
Directors of an Affiliate. However, the term "Consultant" shall not include
either Directors who are not compensated by the Company for their services as
Directors or Directors who are merely paid a director's fee by the Company for
their services as Directors.

 (h) "CONTINUOUS SERVICE" means that the Participant's service with
the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is
not interrupted or terminated. The Participant's Continuous Service shall not be
deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which
the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee,
Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant
renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of
the Participant's Continuous Service. For example, a change in status from an
Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or a Director will not
constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. The Board or the chief
executive officer of the Company, in that party's sole discretion, may determine
whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any
leave of absence approved by that party, including sick leave, military leave or
any other personal leave.

 (i) "COVERED EMPLOYEE" means the chief executive officer and the
four (4) other highest compensated officers of the Company for whom total
compensation is required to be reported to shareholders under the Exchange Act,
as determined for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

 (j) "DIRECTOR" means a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company.

 (k) "DISABILITY" means (i) before the Listing Date, the inability
of a person, in the opinion of a qualified physician acceptable to the Company,
to perform the major duties of that person's position with the Company or an
Affiliate of the Company because of the sickness or injury of the person and
(ii) after the Listing Date, the permanent and total disability of a person
within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

 (l) "EMPLOYEE" means any person employed by the Company or an
Affiliate. Mere service as a Director or payment of a director's fee by the
Company or an Affiliate shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by
the Company or an Affiliate.

 (m) "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

 (n) "FAIR MARKET VALUE" means, as of any date, the value of the
Common Stock determined as follows:

 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established
stock exchange or traded on the Nasdaq National Market or the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the closing
sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as
quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest
volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the last market trading day prior to
the day

 2

of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Board deems reliable.

 (ii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock,
the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

 (iii) Prior to the Listing Date, the value of the Common
Stock shall be determined in a manner consistent with Section 260.140.50 of
Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations.

 (o) "INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION" means an Option intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and
the regulations promulgated thereunder.

 (p) "LISTING DATE" means the first date upon which any security of
the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any
securities exchange or designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of
issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system if
such securities exchange or interdealer quotation system has been certified in
accordance with the provisions of Section 25100(o) of the California Corporate
Securities Law of 1968.

 (q) "NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR" means a Director who either (i) is not
a current Employee or Officer of the Company or its parent or a subsidiary, does
not receive compensation (directly or indirectly) from the Company or its parent
or a subsidiary for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other
than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be
required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the
Securities Act ("Regulation S-K")), does not possess an interest in any other
transaction as to which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K and is not engaged in a business relationship as to which
disclosure would be required under Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is
otherwise considered a "non-employee director" for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

 (r) "NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION" means an Option not intended to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

 (s) "OFFICER" means (i) before the Listing Date, any person
designated by the Company as an officer and (ii) on and after the Listing Date,
a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 (t) "OPTION" means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory
Stock Option granted pursuant to the Plan.

 (u) "OPTION AGREEMENT" means a written agreement between the
Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual
Option grant. Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan.

3

(v) "OPTIONHOLDER" means a person to whom an Option is granted
pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an
outstanding Option.

 (w) "OUTSIDE DIRECTOR" means a Director who either (i) is not a
current employee of the Company or an "affiliated corporation" (within the
meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code),
is not a former employee of the Company or an "affiliated corporation" receiving
compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax qualified
pension plan), was not an officer of the Company or an "affiliated corporation"
at any time and is not currently receiving direct or indirect remuneration from
the Company or an "affiliated corporation" for services in any capacity other
than as a Director or (ii) is otherwise considered an "outside director" for
purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

 (x) "PARTICIPANT" means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted
pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an
outstanding Stock Award.

 (y) "PLAN" means this WebSideStory, Inc. 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan.

 (z) "RULE 16B-3" means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.

 (aa) "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 (bb) "STOCK AWARD" means any right granted under the Plan,
including an Option, a stock bonus and a right to acquire restricted stock.

 (cc) "STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT" means a written agreement between the
Company and a holder of a Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an
individual Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan.

 (dd) "TEN PERCENT SHAREHOLDER" means a person who owns (or is
deemed to own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than
ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of
the Company or of any of its Affiliates.

3. ADMINISTRATION.

 (a) ADMINISTRATION BY BOARD. The Board shall administer the Plan
unless and until the Board delegates administration to a Committee, as provided
in subsection 3(c).

 (b) POWERS OF BOARD. The Board shall have the power, subject to,
and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

 (i) To determine from time to time which of the persons
eligible under the Plan shall be granted Stock Awards; when and how each Stock
Award shall be granted; what type or combination of types of Stock Award shall
be granted; the provisions of each Stock Award granted (which need not be
identical), including the time or times when a person shall be

 4

permitted to receive Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Award; and the number of
shares of Common Stock with respect to which a Stock Award shall be granted to
each such person.

 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards
granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for
its administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any
defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement,
in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the
Plan fully effective.

 (iii) To amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in
Section 12.

 (iv) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform
such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best
interests of the Company which are not in conflict with the provisions of the
Plan.

 (c) DELEGATION TO COMMITTEE.

 (i) GENERAL. The Board may delegate administration of the
Plan to a Committee or Committees of one (1) or more members of the Board, and
the term "Committee" shall apply to any person or persons to whom such authority
has been delegated. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee
shall have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers
theretofore possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a
subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to
exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to the
Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to
time by the Board. The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in
the Board the administration of the Plan.

 (ii) COMMITTEE COMPOSITION WHEN COMMON STOCK IS PUBLICLY
TRADED. At such time as the Common Stock is publicly traded, in the discretion
of the Board, a Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors,
in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, and/or solely of two or more
Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. Within the scope of such
authority, the Board or the Committee may (1) delegate to a committee of one or
more members of the Board who are not Outside Directors the authority to grant
Stock Awards to eligible persons who are either (a) not then Covered Employees
and are not expected to be Covered Employees at the time of recognition of
income resulting from such Stock Award or (b) not persons with respect to whom
the Company wishes to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and/or) (2)
delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board who are not
Non-Employee Directors the authority to grant Stock Awards to eligible persons
who are not then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

 (d) EFFECT OF BOARD'S DECISION. All determinations,
interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith shall not be
subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding and conclusive on
all persons.

 5

4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

 (a) SHARE RESERVE. Subject to the provisions of Section 11
relating to adjustments upon changes in Common Stock, the Common Stock that may
be issued pursuant to Stock Awards shall not exceed in the aggregate Seven
Million Seven Hundred Thirty-Three Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Three (7,733,153)
shares of Common Stock.

 (b) REVERSION OF SHARES TO THE SHARE RESERVE. If any Stock Award
shall for any reason expire or otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, without
having been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not acquired under
such Stock Award shall revert to and again become available for issuance under
the Plan.

 (c) SOURCE OF SHARES. The shares of Common Stock subject to the
Plan may be unissued shares or reacquired shares, bought on the market or
otherwise.

 (d) SHARE RESERVE LIMITATION. Prior to the Listing Date and to the
extent then required by Section 260.140.45 of Title 10 of the California Code of
Regulations, the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of all outstanding Options and the total number of shares of Common Stock
provided for under any stock bonus or similar plan of the Company shall not
exceed the applicable percentage as calculated in accordance with the conditions
and exclusions of Section 260.140.45 of Title 10 of the California Code of
Regulations, based on the shares of Common Stock of the Company that are
outstanding at the time the calculation is made.

5. ELIGIBILITY.

 (a) ELIGIBILITY FOR SPECIFIC STOCK AWARDS. Incentive Stock Options
may be granted only to Employees. Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock
Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants.

 (b) TEN PERCENT SHAREHOLDERS.

 (i) A Ten Percent Shareholder shall not be granted an
Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least one
hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the
date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five (5)
years from the date of grant.

 (ii) Prior to the Listing Date, a Ten Percent Shareholder
shall not be granted a Nonstatutory Stock Option unless the exercise price of
such Option is at least (i) one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market
Value of the Common Stock at the date of grant or (ii) such lower percentage of
the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the date of grant as is permitted
by Section 260.140.41 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations at the
time of the grant of the Option.

 (iii) Prior to the Listing Date, a Ten Percent Shareholder
shall not be granted a restricted stock award unless the purchase price of the
restricted stock is at least (i) one hundred

 6

percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the date of grant
or (ii) such lower percentage of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at
the date of grant as is permitted by Section 260.140.41 of Title 10 of the
California Code of Regulations at the time of the grant of the Option.

 (c) SECTION 162(M) LIMITATION. Subject to the provisions of
Section 11 relating to adjustments upon changes in the shares of Common Stock,
no Employee shall be eligible to be granted Options covering more than Nine
Hundred Forty-One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Six (941,176) shares of Common
Stock during any calendar year. This subsection 5(c) shall not apply prior to
the Listing Date and, following the Listing Date, this subsection 5(c) shall not
apply until (i) the earliest of: (1) the first material modification of the Plan
(including any increase in the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for
issuance under the Plan in accordance with Section 4); (2) the issuance of all
of the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan; (3) the
expiration of the Plan; or (4) the first meeting of shareholders at which
Directors are to be elected that occurs after the close of the third calendar
year following the calendar year in which occurred the first registration of an
equity security under Section 12 of the Exchange Act; or (ii) such other date
required by Section 162(m) of the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

 (d) CONSULTANTS.

 (i) Prior to the Listing Date, a Consultant shall not be
eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, either the
offer or the sale of the Company's securities to such Consultant is not exempt
under Rule 701 of the Securities Act ("Rule 701") because of the nature of the
services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, or because the
Consultant is not a natural person, or as otherwise provided by Rule 701, unless
the Company determines that such grant need not comply with the requirements of
Rule 701 and will satisfy another exemption under the Securities Act as well as
comply with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions.

 (ii) From and after the Listing Date, a Consultant shall
not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, a Form
S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act ("Form S-8") is not
available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company's securities
to such Consultant because of the nature of the services that the Consultant is
providing to the Company, or because the Consultant is not a natural person, or
as otherwise provided by the rules governing the use of Form S-8, unless the
Company determines both (i) that such grant (A) shall be registered in another
manner under the Securities Act (e.g., on a Form S-3 Registration Statement) or
(B) does not require registration under the Securities Act in order to comply
with the requirements of the Securities Act, if applicable, and (ii) that such
grant complies with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions.

 (iii) Rule 701 and Form S-8 generally are available to
consultants and advisors only if (i) they are natural persons; (ii) they provide
bona fide services to the issuer, its parents, its majority-owned subsidiaries
or majority-owned subsidiaries of the issuer's parent; and (iii) the services
are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising
transaction, and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for
the issuer's securities.

 7

6. OPTION PROVISIONS.

 Each Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and
conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. All Options shall be separately
designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of
grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates
will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of
Option. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical, but each
Option shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in
the Option or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:

 (a) TERM. Subject to the provisions of subsection 5(b) regarding
Ten Percent Shareholders, no Option granted prior to the Listing Date shall be
exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date it was granted,
and no Incentive Stock Option granted on or after the Listing Date shall be
exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date it was granted.

 (b) EXERCISE PRICE OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION. Subject to the
provisions of subsection 5(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, the exercise
price of each Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent
(100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the
date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock
Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than that set forth in the
preceding sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or
substitution for another option in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section
424(a) of the Code.

 (c) EXERCISE PRICE OF A NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION. Subject to the
provisions of subsection 5(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, the exercise
price of each Nonstatutory Stock Option granted prior to the Listing Date shall
be not less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. The
exercise price of each Nonstatutory Stock Option granted on or after the Listing
Date shall be not less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value
of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be granted with
an exercise price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such
Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option
in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code.

 (d) CONSIDERATION. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired
pursuant to an Option shall be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable
statutes and regulations, either (i) in cash at the time the Option is exercised
or (ii) at the discretion of the Board at the time of the grant of the Option
(or subsequently in the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option) (1) by delivery to
the Company of other Common Stock, (2) according to a deferred payment or other
similar arrangement with the Optionholder or (3) in any other form of legal
consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. Unless otherwise specifically
provided in the Option, the purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to
an Option that is paid by delivery to the Company of other Common Stock
acquired, directly or indirectly from the Company, shall be paid only by shares
of the Common Stock of the Company that have been held for more than six (6)
months

 8

(or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to earnings
for financial accounting purposes). At any time that the Company is incorporated
in Delaware, payment of the Common Stock's "par value," as defined in the
Delaware General Corporation Law, shall not be made by deferred payment.

 In the case of any deferred payment arrangement, interest shall be
compounded at least annually and shall be charged at the minimum rate of
interest necessary to avoid the treatment as interest, under any applicable
provisions of the Code, of any amounts other than amounts stated to be interest
under the deferred payment arrangement.

 (e) TRANSFERABILITY OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION. An Incentive
Stock Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the
Optionholder only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Optionholder may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form
satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the
death of the Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

 (f) TRANSFERABILITY OF A NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION. A Nonstatutory
Stock Option granted prior to the Listing Date shall not be transferable except
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and, to the extent provided
in the Option Agreement, to such further extent as permitted by Section
260.140.41(d) of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations at the time of
the grant of the Option, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the
Optionholder only by the Optionholder. A Nonstatutory Stock Option granted on or
after the Listing Date shall be transferable to the extent provided in the
Option Agreement. If the Nonstatutory Stock Option does not provide for
transferability, then the Nonstatutory Stock Option shall not be transferable
except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be
exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder only by the Optionholder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may, by delivering written
notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, designate a third
party who, in the event of the death of the Optionholder, shall thereafter be
entitled to exercise the Option.

 (g) VESTING GENERALLY. The total number of shares of Common Stock
subject to an Option may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in
periodic installments that may, but need not, be equal. The Option may be
subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be
exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Board may
deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The
provisions of this subsection 6(g) are subject to any Option provisions
governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may
be exercised.

 (h) MINIMUM VESTING PRIOR TO THE LISTING DATE. Notwithstanding the
foregoing subsection 6(g), to the extent that the following restrictions on
vesting are required by Section 260.140.41(f) of Title 10 of the California Code
of Regulations at the time of the grant of the Option, then:

 (i) Options granted prior to the Listing Date to an
Employee who is not an Officer, Director or Consultant shall provide for vesting
of the total number of shares of

 9

Common Stock at a rate of at least twenty percent (20 per year over five (5)
years from the date the Option was granted, subject to reasonable conditions
such as continued employment; and

 (ii) Options granted prior to the Listing Date to
Officers, Directors or Consultants may be made fully exercisable, subject to
reasonable conditions such as continued employment, at any time or during any
period established by the Company.

 (i) TERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE. In the event an
Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder's
death or Disability), the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the
extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date
of termination) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i)
the date three (3) months following the termination of the Optionholder's
Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option
Agreement, which period shall not be less than thirty (30) days for Options
granted prior to the Listing Date unless such termination is for cause), or (ii)
the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Option Agreement.
If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option
within the time specified in the Option Agreement, the Option shall terminate.

 (j) EXTENSION OF TERMINATION DATE. An Optionholder's Option
Agreement may also provide that if the exercise of the Option following the
termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service (other than upon the
Optionholder's death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely
because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option shall terminate on the
earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in subsection
6(a) or (ii) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the
termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service during which the exercise
of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements.

 (k) DISABILITY OF OPTIONHOLDER. In the event that an
Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's
Disability, the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that
the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of
termination), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i)
the date twelve (12) months following such termination (or such longer or
shorter period specified in the Option Agreement, which period shall not be less
than six (6) months for Options granted prior to the Listing Date) or (ii) the
expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Option Agreement. If,
after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within
the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.

 (l) DEATH OF OPTIONHOLDER. In the event (i) an Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's death or (ii)
the Optionholder dies within the period (if any) specified in the Option
Agreement after the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service for a
reason other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the
Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by
the Optionholder's estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the
option upon the Optionholder's death

 10

pursuant to subsection 6(e) or 6(f), but only within the period ending on the
earlier of (1) the date six (6) months following the date of death (or such
longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement, which period shall
not be less than six (6) months for Options granted prior to the Listing Date)
or (2) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option
Agreement. If, after death, the Option is not exercised within the time
specified herein, the Option shall terminate.

 (m) EARLY EXERCISE. The Option may, but need not, include a
provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the
Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any
part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the
full vesting of the Option. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection
10(h), any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a
repurchase option in favor of the Company or to any other restriction the Board
determines to be appropriate. Provided that the "Repurchase Limitation" in
subsection 10(h) is not violated, the Company will not exercise its repurchase
option until at least six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time
required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes) have
elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically
provides in the Option.

 (n) RIGHT OF REPURCHASE. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in
subsection 10(h), the Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the
Company may elect, prior to the Listing Date, to repurchase all or any part of
the vested shares of Common Stock acquired by the Optionholder pursuant to the
exercise of the Option. Provided that the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection
10(h) is not violated, the Company will not exercise its repurchase option until
at least six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to
avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed
following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically
provides in the Option.

 (o) RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. The Option may, but need not, include
a provision whereby the Company may elect, prior to the Listing Date, to
exercise a right of first refusal following receipt of notice from the
Optionholder of the intent to transfer all or any part of the shares of Common
Stock received upon the exercise of the Option. Except as expressly provided in
this subsection 6(o), such right of first refusal shall otherwise comply with
any applicable provisions of the Bylaws of the Company.

 (p) RE-LOAD OPTIONS.

 (i) Without in any way limiting the authority of the
Board to make or not to make grants of Options hereunder, the Board shall have
the authority (but not an obligation) to include as part of any Option Agreement
a provision entitling the Optionholder to a further Option (a "Re-Load Option")
in the event the Optionholder exercises the Option evidenced by the Option
Agreement, in whole or in part, by surrendering other shares of Common Stock in
accordance with this Plan and the terms and conditions of the Option Agreement.
Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Option, the Optionholder shall not
surrender shares of Common Stock acquired, directly or indirectly from the
Company, unless such shares have been

 11

held for more than six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time
required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes).

 (ii) Any such Re-Load Option shall (1) provide for a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
surrendered as part or all of the exercise price of such Option; (2) have an
expiration date which is the same as the expiration date of the Option the
exercise of which gave rise to such Re-Load Option; and (3) have an exercise
price which is equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock subject to the Re-Load Option on the date of exercise of the
original Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Re-Load Option shall be
subject to the same exercise price and term provisions heretofore described for
Options under the Plan.

 (iii) Any such Re-Load Option may be an Incentive Stock
Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option, as the Board may designate at the time of
the grant of the original Option; provided, however, that the designation of any
Re-Load Option as an Incentive Stock Option shall be subject to the one hundred
thousand dollar 100,000) annual limitation on the exercisability of Incentive
Stock Options described in subsection 10(d) and in Section 422(d) of the Code.
There shall be no Re-Load Options on a Re-Load Option. Any such Re-Load Option
shall be subject to the availability of sufficient shares of Common Stock under
subsection 4(a) and the "Section 162(m) Limitation" on the grants of Options
under subsection 5(c) and shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as
the Board may determine which are not inconsistent with the express provisions
of the Plan regarding the terms of Options.

7. PROVISIONS OF STOCK AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS.

 (a) STOCK BONUS AWARDS. Each stock bonus agreement shall be in
such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem
appropriate. The terms and conditions of stock bonus agreements may change from
time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate stock bonus agreements
need not be identical, but each stock bonus agreement shall include (through
incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise)
the substance of each of the following provisions:

 (i) CONSIDERATION. A stock bonus may be awarded in
consideration for past services actually rendered to the Company or an Affiliate
for its benefit.

 (ii) VESTING. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in
subsection 10(h), shares of Common Stock awarded under the stock bonus agreement
may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in favor of the
Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board.

 (iii) TERMINATION OF PARTICIPANT'S CONTINUOUS SERVICE.
Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection 10(h), in the event a
Participant's Continuous Service terminates, the Company may reacquire any or
all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested
as of the date of termination under the terms of the stock bonus agreement.

 12

(iv) TRANSFERABILITY. For a stock bonus award made before
the Listing Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the stock bonus
agreement shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant
only by the Participant. For a stock bonus award made on or after the Listing
Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the stock bonus agreement
shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as
are set forth in the stock bonus agreement, as the Board shall determine in its
discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the stock bonus agreement
remains subject to the terms of the stock bonus agreement.

 (b) RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS. Each restricted stock purchase
agreement shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as
the Board shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of the restricted
stock purchase agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and
conditions of separate restricted stock purchase agreements need not be
identical, but each restricted stock purchase agreement shall include (through
incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise)
the substance of each of the following provisions:

 (i) PURCHASE PRICE. Subject to the provisions of
subsection 5(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, the purchase price under
each restricted stock purchase agreement shall be such amount as the Board shall
determine and designate in such restricted stock purchase agreement. For
restricted stock awards made prior to the Listing Date, the purchase price shall
not be less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Common Stock's Fair Market
Value on the date such award is made or at the time the purchase is consummated.
For restricted stock awards made on or after the Listing Date, the purchase
price shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Common Stock's
Fair Market Value on the date such award is made or at the time the purchase is
consummated.

 (ii) CONSIDERATION. The purchase price of Common Stock
acquired pursuant to the restricted stock purchase agreement shall be paid
either: (i) in cash at the time of purchase; (ii) at the discretion of the
Board, according to a deferred payment or other similar arrangement with the
Participant; or (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be
acceptable to the Board in its discretion; provided, however, that at any time
that the Company is incorporated in Delaware, then payment of the Common Stock's
"par value," as defined in the Delaware General Corporation Law, shall not be
made by deferred payment.

 (iii) VESTING. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in
subsection 10(h), shares of Common Stock acquired under the restricted stock
purchase agreement may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in
favor of the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by
the Board.

 (iv) TERMINATION OF PARTICIPANT'S CONTINUOUS SERVICE.
Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection 10(h), in the event a
Participant's Continuous Service terminates, the Company may repurchase or
otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the
Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms
of the restricted stock purchase agreement.

 13

(v) TRANSFERABILITY. For a restricted stock award made
before the Listing Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the
restricted stock purchase agreement shall not be transferable except by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the
lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. For a restricted stock
award made on or after the Listing Date, rights to acquire shares of Common
Stock under the restricted stock purchase agreement shall be transferable by the
Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the
restricted stock purchase agreement, as the Board shall determine in its
discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the restricted stock purchase
agreement remains subject to the terms of the restricted stock purchase
agreement.

8. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

 (a) AVAILABILITY OF SHARES. During the terms of the Stock Awards,
the Company shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common
Stock required to satisfy such Stock Awards.

 (b) SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE. The Company shall seek to obtain
from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such
authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this
undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act
the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any
such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain
from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority which counsel for
the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock
under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability for failure to
issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until
such authority is obtained.

9. USE OF PROCEEDS FROM STOCK.

 Proceeds from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards shall
constitute general funds of the Company.

10. MISCELLANEOUS.

 (a) ACCELERATION OF EXERCISABILITY AND VESTING. The Board shall
have the power to accelerate the time at which a Stock Award may first be
exercised or the time during which a Stock Award or any part thereof will vest
in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the provisions in the Stock Award
stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it
will vest.

 (b) SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS. No Participant shall be deemed to be the
holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares
of Common Stock subject to such Stock Award unless and until such Participant
has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Stock Award pursuant to its
terms.

 14

(c) NO EMPLOYMENT OR OTHER SERVICE RIGHTS. Nothing in the Plan or
any instrument executed or Stock Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer
upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate
in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or shall
affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment
of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the
service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant's agreement
with the Company or an Affiliate or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to
the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the
corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is
incorporated, as the case may be.

 (d) INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION 100,000 LIMITATION. To the extent that
the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common
Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the
first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the
Company and its Affiliates) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), the
Options or portions thereof which exceed such limit (according to the order in
which they were granted) shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options.

 (e) INVESTMENT ASSURANCES. The Company may require a Participant,
as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award,
(i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the
Participant's knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or
to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who
is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he
or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser
representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to
give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant
is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant's own
account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing
the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant
to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (1) the issuance of the shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock
Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration
statement under the Securities Act or (2) as to any particular requirement, a
determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not
be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The
Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock
certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or
appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but
not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock.

 (f) WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. To the extent provided by the terms
of a Stock Award Agreement, the Participant may satisfy any federal, state or
local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of
Common Stock under a Stock Award by any of the following means (in addition to
the Company's right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by
the Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) tendering a cash payment;
(ii) authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares
of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the
exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award, provided,
however, that no shares of Common Stock are

 15

withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be
withheld by law; or (iii) delivering to the Company owned and unencumbered
shares of Common Stock.

 (g) INFORMATION OBLIGATION. Prior to the Listing Date, to the
extent required by Section 260.140.46 of Title 10 of the California Code of
Regulations, the Company shall deliver financial statements to Participants at
least annually. This subsection 10(g) shall not apply to key Employees whose
duties in connection with the Company assure them access to equivalent
information.

 (h) REPURCHASE LIMITATION. The terms of any repurchase option
shall be specified in the Stock Award and may be either at Fair Market Value at
the time of repurchase or at not less than the original purchase price. To the
extent required by Section 260.140.41 and Section 260.140.42 of Title 10 of the
California Code of Regulations at the time a Stock Award is made, any repurchase
option contained in a Stock Award granted prior to the Listing Date to a person
who is not an Officer, Director or Consultant shall be upon the terms described
below:

 (i) FAIR MARKET VALUE. If the repurchase option gives the
Company the right to repurchase the shares of Common Stock upon termination of
employment at not less than the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock
to be purchased on the date of termination of Continuous Service, then (i) the
right to repurchase shall be exercised for cash or cancellation of purchase
money indebtedness for the shares of Common Stock within ninety (90) days of
termination of Continuous Service (or in the case of shares of Common Stock
issued upon exercise of Stock Awards after such date of termination, within
ninety (90) days after the date of the exercise) or such longer period as may be
agreed to by the Company and the Participant (for example, for purposes of
satisfying the requirements of Section 1202(c)(3) of the Code regarding
"qualified small business stock") and (ii) the right terminates when the shares
of Common Stock become publicly traded.

 (ii) ORIGINAL PURCHASE PRICE. If the repurchase option
gives the Company the right to repurchase the shares of Common Stock upon
termination of Continuous Service at the original purchase price, then (i) the
right to repurchase at the original purchase price shall lapse at the rate of at
least twenty percent (20 of the shares of Common Stock per year over five (5)
years from the date the Stock Award is granted (without respect to the date the
Stock Award was exercised or became exercisable) and (ii) the right to
repurchase shall be exercised for cash or cancellation of purchase money
indebtedness for the shares of Common Stock within ninety (90) days of
termination of Continuous Service (or in the case of shares of Common Stock
issued upon exercise of Options after such date of termination, within ninety
(90) days after the date of the exercise) or such longer period as may be agreed
to by the Company and the Participant (for example, for purposes of satisfying
the requirements of Section 1202(c)(3) of the Code regarding "qualified small
business stock").

 (i) REPURCHASE LIMITATION. Notwithstanding any other provisions
contained herein, Options granted pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to the
following conditions:

 (i) REPURCHASE RIGHT. At the Committee's discretion,
Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be subject to a
right, but not an obligation, of

 16

repurchase by the Corporation (the "Right of Repurchase"), at the price
specified in subsection 10(i)(ii), if the Optionholder ceases to be an Employee
for any reason ("Employment Termination") at any time after the grant of the
Option pursuant to which such Common Stock was issued. Common Stock issued by
the Company will only be transferable by the Optionholder subject to the Right
of Repurchase, and the Company will legend the Right of Repurchase on the stock
certificates evidencing such shares of Common Stock and will take such other
steps as it deems necessary to ensure compliance with this restriction. The
Company's rights under this subsection 10(i)(i) will be freely assignable, in
whole or in part.

 (ii) REPURCHASE PRICE. The price per share of Common Stock
at which the Company may exercise the Right of Repurchase under subsection
10(i)(i) (the "Repurchase Price") will be the higher of the exercise price of
each share of Common Stock as paid by the Optionholder, or Fair Market Value of
the shares of Common Stock on the date the Company sends the notice to the
Optionholder of its exercise of its Right of Repurchase pursuant to subsection
10(i)(i).

 (iii) REPURCHASE PROCEDURE. The Company may exercise its
Right of Repurchase by sending a written notice to the Optionholder and to the
Escrow Agent, if any, of its taking such action and specifying the number of
shares of Common Stock being repurchased. The Company's Right of Repurchase will
terminate if not exercised by written notice from the Company to the
Optionholder within 90 days of the date on which the Company learns of the
Employment Termination or the last date any Option granted to such Optionholder
is exercised, which ever is later. If the Company exercises its Right of
Repurchase, the Optionholder, or if applicable, the Escrow Agent, will deliver
to the Company every stock certificate representing the shares of Common Stock
being repurchased, together with appropriate Assignments Separate from
Certificates, and the Company will then promptly pay the total Repurchase Price
in cash (or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness for the Common Stock, if
applicable) to the Optionholder, or if applicable, to the Escrow Agent, for
delivery to the Optionholder.

 (iv) ELECTION TO DEFER PURCHASE OF INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION
SHARES.

 (A) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of
this subsection 10(i), an Optionholder whose shares of Common Stock were issued
pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option may elect to defer the Company's
repurchase of such Common Stock pursuant to this subsection 10 (i) until the
holding period requirements of Section 422(a) of the Code are met. Such election
will be in writing in such form as the Committee may require and will be
delivered to the Company and to the Escrow Agent by certified mail no later than
seven days after the date on which the Optionholder receives notice that the
Company elects to exercise its Right of Repurchase. Such election will pertain
to all such shares of Common Stock issued to the Optionholder and will be
irrevocable.

 (B) With respect to an Optionholder who makes
the election described in subsection 10(i)(iv), the Company will repurchase such
Common Stock on or before the date which is 90 days following the earlier of the
date on which the Optionholder dies or the date on which the holding period
requirements of Section 422(a) of the Code are met. The Repurchase Price of each
such share of Common Stock determined under subsection 10(i)(ii) will be

 17

calculated by substituting for the Optionholder's Employment Termination date
the earlier of the date on which the Optionholder dies or the date on which such
holding period requirements are met.

 (v) ESCROW. To facilitate the consummation of the
Company's Right of Repurchase under this subsection 10(i)(i), at the request of
the Committee, the Optionholder and the Company will execute Joint Escrow
Instructions and the Optionholder will deliver and deposit with the Escrow Agent
named in the Joint Escrow Instructions two "Assignments Separate from
Certificate," together with all certificates evidencing the shares of Common
Stock issued to the Optionholder pursuant to the Plan, duly endorsed in blank.
The Escrow Agent will hold such documents and deliver the same to the Company
pursuant to the Joint Escrow Instructions and in accordance with the terms of
this subsection 10(i), as applicable.

 (vi) BINDING EFFECT. The Company's Right of Repurchase
will inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns and will be binding on
any representative, executor, administrator, heir, or legatee of the
Optionholder.

 (vii) PAYMENT OF NET AMOUNT OWING. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, if the Company determines to exercise its
Rights of Repurchase pursuant to this subsection before any Common Stock has
been issued as a result of an exercise of an Option, in lieu of issuing any
Common Stock, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, to pay to
the Optionholder the net amount owing to the Optionholder.

 (viii) TERMINATION OF RIGHT OF REPURCHASE. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this subsection 10(i)(i), in the event that the Common
Stock is listed on any United States securities exchange or traded on any formal
over-the-counter market in general use in the United States at the time the
Optionholder would otherwise be required to transfer his or her Common Stock,
the Company will no longer have the Right of Repurchase, and the Optionholder
will have no obligation to comply with this Section 10(i)(i).

 (j) RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. Notwithstanding any other provisions
contained herein, Options granted pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to the
following conditions:

 (i) RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. At the Committee's
 discretion, Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option
 may be subject to a requirement that if an Optionholder proposes to
 sell, pledge, or otherwise transfer any Common Stock acquired pursuant
 to exercise of an Option, or any interest in such Common Stock, to any
 person or entity, the Company will have a right of first refusal (the
 "Right of First Refusal") with respect to such Common Stock. Any
 Optionholder desiring to transfer Common Stock subject to the Right of
 First Refusal will give a written notice (the "Transfer Notice") to the
 Company describing fully the proposed transfer, including the number of
 shares of Common Stock proposed to be transferred, the proposed
 transfer price, and the name and address of the proposed transferee.
 The Transfer Notice will be signed both by the Optionholder and by the
 proposed transferee and must constitute a binding commitment of both
 parties to the transfer of the Common Stock. The Company will have the
 right to purchase the Common Stock subject to the Transfer Notice on
 the

 18
 
 terms of the proposal referred to in the Transfer Notice, subject to
 any change in such terms permitted under subsection 10(j)(ii), by
 delivery of a notice of exercise of the Right of First Refusal within
 30 days after the date the Transfer Notice is received by the Company.
 The Company's rights under this subsection 10(j)(i) will be freely
 assignable, in whole or in part.

 (ii) TRANSFER OF SHARES. If the Company fails to exercise
 the Right of First Refusal within 30 days after the date on which it
 receives the Transfer Notice, the Optionholder may, not later than six
 months following receipt of the Transfer Notice by the Company,
 consummate a transfer of the Common Stock subject to the Transfer
 Notice on the terms and conditions described in the Transfer Notice.
 Any proposed transfer on terms and conditions different from those
 described in the Transfer Notice, as well as any subsequent proposed
 transfer by the Optionholder, will again be subject to the Right of
 First Refusal and will again require compliance with the procedure
 described in Section 10(j)(i). If the Company exercises its Right of
 First Refusal, the Optionholder will immediately endorse and deliver to
 the Company every stock certificate representing the Common Stock being
 purchased, and the Company will then promptly pay the purchase price in
 accordance with the terms set forth in the Transfer Notice.

 (iii) REPURCHASE PAYMENT. The amount payable to an
 Optionholder pursuant to the Company's exercise of the Right of First
 Refusal will be paid to the Optionholder in accordance with the terms
 and conditions of the Transfer Notice or may, at the election of the
 Company, be paid in full in cash.

 (iv) BINDING EFFECT. The Company's Right of First Refusal
 will inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns and will be
 binding upon any transferee of the Common Stock, other than a
 transferee acquiring Common Stock in a transaction with respect to
 which the Company failed to exercise its Right of First Refusal (a
 "Free Transferee") or a transferee of a Free Transferee.

 (v) TERMINATION OF RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL.
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection 10(j), if the
 Common Stock is listed on any United States securities exchange or
 traded on any formal over-the-counter market in general use in the
 United States at the time the Optionholder desires to transfer his or
 her Common Stock, the Company will no longer have the Right of First
 Refusal, and the Optionholder will have no obligation to comply with
 this subsection 10(j).

11. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN STOCK.

 (a) CAPITALIZATION ADJUSTMENTS. If any change is made in the
Common Stock subject to the Plan, or subject to any Stock Award, without the
receipt of consideration by the Company (through merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in
property other than cash, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of
shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other transaction
not involving the receipt of consideration by the Company), the Plan will be
appropriately adjusted in the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject
to the Plan pursuant to subsection 4(a) and the

 19

maximum number of securities subject to award to any person pursuant to
subsection 5(c), and the outstanding Stock Awards will be appropriately adjusted
in the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of Common Stock
subject to such outstanding Stock Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments,
and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. (The conversion of
any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a transaction
"without receipt of consideration" by the Company.)

 (b) CHANGE IN CONTROL--DISSOLUTION OR LIQUIDATION. In the event of
a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, then all outstanding Stock Awards
shall terminate immediately prior to such event. The Committee will notify the
Optionholder not less than 15 days prior to the proposed consummation of a
pending dissolution or liquidation, and the Option will be exercisable as to all
Common Stock which are vested prior to expiration until immediately prior to the
consummation of such action.

 (c) CHANGE IN CONTROL--ASSET SALE, MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR
REVERSE MERGER. In the event of (i) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, (ii) a merger or consolidation
in which the Company is not the surviving corporation or (iii) a reverse merger
in which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately preceding the merger are converted by virtue of the
merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or
otherwise, then any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation shall assume
any Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or shall substitute similar stock
awards (including an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the
shareholders in the transaction described in this subsection 11(c) for those
outstanding under the Plan). In the event any surviving corporation or acquiring
corporation refuses to assume such Stock Awards or to substitute similar stock
awards for those outstanding under the Plan, then with respect to Stock Awards
held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated, the vesting of
such Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time during which such Stock Awards
may be exercised) shall be accelerated in full, and the Stock Awards shall
terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to such event. With
respect to any other Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan, such Stock Awards
shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to such event. The
Committee will notify the Optionholder not less than 15 days prior to the
proposed consummation of such transaction, and the Option will be exercisable as
to all Common Stock which are vested prior to expiration and until immediately
prior to the consummation of such transaction.

12. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND STOCK AWARDS.

 (a) AMENDMENT OF PLAN. The Board at any time, and from time to
time, may amend the Plan. However, except as provided in Section 11 relating to
adjustments upon changes in Common Stock, no amendment shall be effective unless
approved by the shareholders of the Company to the extent shareholder approval
is necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, Rule 16b-3
or any Nasdaq or securities exchange listing requirements.

 (b) SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL. The Board may, in its sole discretion,
submit any other amendment to the Plan for shareholder approval, including, but
not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of
Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations

 20

thereunder regarding the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the
limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to certain executive
officers.

 (c) CONTEMPLATED AMENDMENTS. It is expressly contemplated that the
Board may amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable
to provide eligible Employees with the maximum benefits provided or to be
provided under the provisions of the Code and the regulations promulgated
thereunder relating to Incentive Stock Options and/or to bring the Plan and/or
Incentive Stock Options granted under it into compliance therewith.

 (d) NO IMPAIRMENT OF RIGHTS. Rights under any Stock Award granted
before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan
unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and (ii) the
Participant consents in writing.

 (e) AMENDMENT OF STOCK AWARDS. The Board at any time, and from
time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards; provided,
however, that the rights under any Stock Award shall not be impaired by any such
amendment unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and
(ii) the Participant consents in writing.

13. TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE PLAN.

 (a) PLAN TERM. The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any
time. Unless sooner terminated, the Plan shall terminate on the day before the
tenth (10th) anniversary of the date the Plan is adopted by the Board or
approved by the shareholders of the Company, whichever is earlier. No Stock
Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is
terminated.

 (b) NO IMPAIRMENT OF RIGHTS. Suspension or termination of the Plan
shall not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the
Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the Participant.

14. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN.

 The Plan shall become effective as determined by the Board, but no
Stock Award shall be exercised (or, in the case of a stock bonus, shall be
granted) unless and until the Plan has been approved by the shareholders of the
Company, which approval shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the
date the Plan is adopted by the Board.

15. CHOICE OF LAW.

 The law of the State of California shall govern all questions
concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without
regard to such state's conflict of laws rules.

 21

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 v37326exv10w6.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.6

EXHIBIT 10.6
 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.
 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

 ARTICLE 1

 PURPOSE

 The purpose of the WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan
(the "PLAN") is to promote the success and enhance the value of WebSideStory,
Inc. (the "COMPANY") by linking the personal interests of members of the Board,
Employees, and Consultants to those of the Company's stockholders and by
providing an incentive to members of the Board, Employees, and Consultants for
performance to generate returns to the Company's stockholders. The Plan is also
intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate,
attract, and retain the services of members of the Board, Employees, and
Consultants upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful
conduct of the Company's operation largely depends.

 All share numbers set forth in this Plan give effect to the 3.5-for-1
reverse stock split implemented by the Company in connection with its initial
public offering.

 ARTICLE 2

 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

 Wherever the following terms are used in the Plan they will have the
meanings given below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. The
singular pronoun includes the plural where the context so indicates.

 2.1 "AWARD" means an Option, a Restricted Stock award, a Stock
Appreciation Right award, a Performance Share award, a Performance Stock Unit
award, a Dividend Equivalents award, a Stock Payment award, a Deferred Stock
award, a Restricted Stock Unit award, an Other Stock-Based Award, a Performance
Bonus Award, or a Performance-Based Award granted to a Participant pursuant to
the Plan.

 2.2 "AWARD AGREEMENT" means any written or electronic agreement, contract,
or other instrument or document evidencing an Award.

 2.3 "BOARD" means the board of directors of the Company.

 2.4 "CHANGE IN CONTROL" means and includes each of the following:

 (a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering
of Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any "person" or related "group" of
"persons" (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan
maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a "person" that, prior
to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires
beneficial ownership

(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the
Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the
Company's securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or

 (b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at
the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new
director(s) (other than a director designated by a person who shall have entered
into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section
2.4(a) or Section 2.4(c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election
by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of
the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of
the two year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously
so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or

 (c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the
Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries)
of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a
sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets or
(z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other
than a transaction:

 (i) Which results in the Company's voting securities
outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either
by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly
or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially
all of the Company's assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company
(the Company or such person, the "SUCCESSOR ENTITY")) directly or indirectly, at
least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity's
outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and

 (ii) After which no person or group beneficially owns voting
securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the
Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or group will be treated for
purposes of this Section 2.4(c)(ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of
combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting
power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction; or

 (d) The Company's stockholders approve a liquidation or dissolution
of the Company.

The Committee will have full and final authority, which will be exercised in its
discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control of the Company
has occurred pursuant to the above definition, and the date of the occurrence of
such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto.

 2.5 "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time, and the regulations issued thereunder.

 2.6 "COMMITTEE" means the Board or a committee of the Board described in
Article 12.

 2

2.7 "CONSULTANT" means any consultant or adviser if:

 (a) The consultant or adviser renders bona fide services to the
Company or any Subsidiary;

 (b) The services rendered by the consultant or adviser are not in
connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction
and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company's
securities; and

 (c) The consultant or adviser is a natural person who has contracted
directly with the Company or any Subsidiary to render such services.

 2.8 "COVERED EMPLOYEE" means an Employee who is, or is likely to become, a
"covered employee" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.

 2.9 "DEFERRED STOCK" means a right to receive a specified number of shares
of Stock during specified time periods pursuant to Article 8.

 2.10 "DISABILITY" means a permanent and total disability within the
meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, as it may be amended from time to time.

 2.11 "DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS" means a right granted to a Participant
pursuant to Article 8 to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Stock) of
dividends that otherwise would have been paid on Stock which is subject to an
Award.

 2.12 "EFFECTIVE DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

 2.13 "ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL" means any person who is a member of the Board,
Consultant or Employee, as determined by the Committee.

 2.14 "EMPLOYEE" means any officer or other employee (as defined in
accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the Company or any Subsidiary.

 2.15 "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
from time to time.

 2.16 "FAIR MARKET VALUE" means, as of any date, the value of Stock
determined as follows:

 (1) If the Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a
national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq National Market
or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value
will be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales
were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system for the last market trading
day prior to the date of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal
or such other source that the Committee deems reliable;

 (2) If the Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities
dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value will be the
mean of the closing bid and

 3

asked prices for the Stock on the date prior to the date of determination as
reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems
reliable; or

 (3) In the absence of an established market for the Stock, the Fair
Market Value thereof will be determined in good faith by the Committee.

 2.17 "INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION" means an Option that is intended to be an
incentive stock option and meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or
any successor provision thereto.

 2.18 "INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR" means a member of the Board who is not an
Employee of the Company.

 2.19 "NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR" means a member of the Board who qualifies as
a "Non-Employee Director" as defined in Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act, or
any successor definition adopted by the Board.

 2.20 "NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION" means an Option that is not intended to
be or otherwise does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

 2.21 "OPTION" means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 5
of the Plan to purchase a specified number of shares of Stock at a specified
price during specified time periods. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock
Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option.

 2.22 "OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARD" means an Award granted or denominated in
Stock or units of Stock pursuant to Section 8.7 of the Plan.

 2.23 "PARTICIPANT" means any Eligible Individual who, as a member of the
Board, Consultant or Employee, has been granted an Award pursuant to the Plan.

 2.24 "PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARD" means an Award granted to selected Covered
Employees, but which is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Article
9.

 2.25 "PERFORMANCE BONUS AWARD" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.8.

 2.26 "PERFORMANCE CRITERIA" means the criteria that the Committee selects
for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal or Performance Goals for a
Participant for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used
to establish Performance Goals are limited to the following: net earnings
(either before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization),
economic value-added (as determined by the Committee), sales or revenue, net
income (either before or after taxes), operating earnings, cash flow (including,
but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow), cash flow return on
capital, return on net assets, return on stockholders' equity, return on assets,
return on capital, stockholder returns, return on sales, gross or net profit
margin, productivity, expense, margins, operating efficiency, customer
satisfaction, working capital, earnings per share, price per share of Stock, and
market share, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as
compared to any incremental increase or as compared to results of a peer group.

 4

2.27 "PERFORMANCE GOALS" means, for a Performance Period, the goals
established in writing by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon
the Performance Criteria. Depending on the Performance Criteria used to
establish such Performance Goals, the Performance Goals may be expressed in
terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a Subsidiary,
division, or other operational unit. The Committee, in its discretion, may
adjust or modify the calculation of Performance Goals for such Performance
Period in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the rights of
Participants (i) in the event of, or in anticipation of, any unusual or
extraordinary corporate item, transaction, event, or development, or (ii) in
recognition of, or in anticipation of, any other unusual or nonrecurring events
affecting the Company, or the financial statements of the Company, or in
response to, or in anticipation of, changes in applicable laws, regulations,
accounting principles, or business conditions.

 2.28 "PERFORMANCE PERIOD" means the one or more periods of time, which may
be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Committee may select, over which
the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose
of determining a Participant's right to, and the payment of, a Performance-Based
Award.

 2.29 "PERFORMANCE SHARE" means a right granted to a Participant pursuant
to Article 8, to receive Stock, the payment of which is contingent upon
achieving certain Performance Goals or other performance based targets
established by the Committee.

 2.30 "PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT" means a right granted to a Participant
pursuant to Article 8, to receive Stock, the payment of which is contingent upon
achieving certain Performance Goals or other performance-based targets
established by the Committee.

 2.31 "PLAN" means this WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Award
Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

 2.32 "PUBLIC TRADING DATE" means the first date upon which Stock is listed
(or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any securities exchange or
designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of issuance as a national
market security on an interdealer quotation system.

 2.33 "QUALIFIED PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION" means any compensation
that is intended to qualify as "qualified performance-based compensation" as
described in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code.

 2.34 "RESTRICTED STOCK" means Stock awarded to a Participant pursuant to
Article 6 that is subject to certain restrictions and may be subject to risk of
forfeiture or repurchase.

 2.35 "RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT" means an Award granted pursuant to Section
8.6.

 2.36 "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 2.37 "STOCK" means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per
share, and such other securities of the Company that may be substituted for
Stock pursuant to Article 11.

 5

2.38 "STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT" or "SAR" means a right granted pursuant to
Article 7 to receive a payment equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a
specified number of shares of Stock on the date the SAR is exercised over the
Fair Market Value of such number of shares of Stock on the date the SAR was
granted as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

 2.39 "STOCK PAYMENT" means (a) a payment in the form of shares of Stock,
or (b) an option or other right to purchase shares of Stock, as part of any
bonus, deferred compensation or other arrangement, made in lieu of all or any
portion of the compensation, granted pursuant to Article 8.

 2.40 "SUBSIDIARY" means any "subsidiary corporation" as defined in Section
424(f) of the Code and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder of the
Company or any other entity of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock
or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company.

 ARTICLE 3

 SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

3.1 Number of Shares.

 (a) Subject to Article 11 and Section 3.1(b), the aggregate number
of shares of Stock which may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards under
the Plan will be 2,100,000 shares. In addition to the foregoing, subject to
Article 11, commencing on January 1, 2005 and on each January 1 thereafter
during the term of the Plan through and including January 1, 2014, the number of
shares of Stock which may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards under the
Plan will be increased by that number of shares of Stock equal to the least of
(i) four percent (4 of the Company's outstanding shares of Stock on such date,
(ii) 1,000,000 shares, or (iii) a lesser amount determined by the Board. To
satisfy the applicable regulations under the Code relating to Incentive Stock
Options, the maximum number of shares of Stock that may be delivered in
connection with Awards under the Plan will be 12,100,000 shares.

 (b) To the extent that an Award terminates, expires, or lapses for
any reason, any shares of Stock subject to the Award will again be available for
the grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan. Additionally, any shares of Stock
tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant or exercise price or tax withholding
obligation pursuant to any Award will again be available for the grant of an
Award pursuant to the Plan. If shares of Stock issued pursuant to Awards are
repurchased by the Company at no less than their original purchase price, such
shares of Stock shall become available for future grant under the Plan. To the
extent permitted by applicable law or any exchange rule, shares of Stock issued
in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards of any entity
acquired in any form of combination by the Company or any Subsidiary will not be
counted against shares of Stock available for grant pursuant to this Plan.

 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3.1, no shares of
Stock may again be optioned, granted or awarded if such action would cause an
Incentive Stock Option to fail to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under
Code Section 422.

 6

3.2 Stock Distributed. Any Stock distributed pursuant to an Award may
consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Stock, treasury Stock
or Stock purchased on the open market.

 3.3 Limitation on Number of Shares Subject to Awards. Notwithstanding any
provision in the Plan to the contrary, and subject to Article 11, the maximum
number of shares of Stock with respect to one or more Awards that may be granted
to any one Participant during a rolling three-year period (measured from the
date of any grant) will be 1,500,000; provided, however, that the foregoing
limitation will not apply prior to the Public Trading Date and, following the
Public Trading Date, the foregoing limitation will not apply until the earliest
of: (a) the first material modification of the Plan (including any increase in
the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan in accordance with
Section 3.1); (b) the issuance of all of the shares of Stock reserved for
issuance under the Plan; (c) the expiration of the Plan; (d) the first meeting
of stockholders at which members of the Board are to be elected that occurs
after the close of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which
occurred the first registration of an equity security of the Company under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act; or (e) such other date required by Section
162(m) of the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 ARTICLE 4

 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

 4.1 Eligibility.

 (a) General. Persons eligible to participate in this Plan include
Employees, Consultants and all members of the Board, as determined by the
Committee.

 (b) Foreign Participants. In order to assure the viability of Awards
granted to Participants employed in foreign countries, the Committee may provide
for such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to
accommodate differences in local law, tax policy, or custom. Moreover, the
Committee may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements, or
alternative versions of, the Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate
for such purposes without thereby affecting the terms of the Plan as in effect
for any other purpose; provided, however, that no such supplements, amendments,
restatements, or alternative versions will increase the share limitations
contained in Sections 3.1 and 3.3 of the Plan.

 4.2 Participation. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee
may, from time to time, select from among all Eligible Individuals, those to
whom Awards will be granted and will determine the nature and amount of each
Award. No individual will have any right to be granted an Award pursuant to this
Plan.

 7

ARTICLE 5

 STOCK OPTIONS

 5.1 General. The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Participants
on the following terms and conditions:

 (a) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Stock subject to
an Option will be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award
Agreement; provided that the exercise price for any Option will not be less than
par value of a share of Stock on the date of grant.

 (b) Time and Conditions of Exercise. The Committee will determine
the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part;
provided that the term of any Option granted under the Plan will not exceed ten
years. The Committee will also determine the performance or other conditions, if
any, that must be satisfied before all or part of an Option may be exercised.

 (c) Payment. The Committee will determine the methods by which the
exercise price of an Option may be paid, the form of payment, including, without
limitation, cash, promissory note bearing interest at no less than such rate as
will then preclude the imputation of interest under the Code, shares of Stock
held for such period of time as may be required by the Committee in order to
avoid adverse accounting consequences and having a Fair Market Value on the date
of delivery equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised
portion thereof, or other property acceptable to the Committee (including
through the delivery of a notice that the Participant has placed a market sell
order with a broker with respect to shares of Stock then issuable upon exercise
of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion
of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the Option
exercise price; provided that payment of such proceeds is then made to the
Company upon settlement of such sale), and the methods by which shares of Stock
will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants. Notwithstanding any
other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Participant who is a member of
the Board or an "executive officer" of the Company within the meaning of Section
13(k) of the Exchange Act will be permitted to pay the exercise price of an
Option in any method which would violate Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

 (d) Evidence of Grant. All Options will be evidenced by a written
Award Agreement between the Company and the Participant. The Award Agreement
will include such additional provisions as may be specified by the Committee.

 5.2 Incentive Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only
to employees (as defined in accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the
Company and the Company's "subsidiary corporations" as that term is defined in
Section 424(f) of the Code and any applicable regulations promulgated
thereunder, and the terms of any Incentive Stock Options granted pursuant to the
Plan must comply with the following additional provisions of this Section 5.2:

 8

(a) Exercise Price. Subject to Section 5.2(d) below, the exercise
price per share of Stock subject to an Incentive Stock Option will be set by the
Committee; provided that the exercise price for any Incentive Stock Option will
not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant.

 (b) Expiration of Option. An Incentive Stock Option may not be
exercised to any extent by anyone after the tenth anniversary of the date it is
granted, unless an earlier time is set in the Award Agreement.

 (c) Individual Dollar Limitation. The aggregate Fair Market Value
(determined as of the time the Option is granted) of all shares of Stock with
respect to which Incentive Stock Options are first exercisable by a Participant
in any calendar year may not exceed 100,000.00 or such other limitation as
imposed by Section 422(d) of the Code, or any successor provision. To the extent
that Incentive Stock Options are first exercisable by a Participant in excess of
such limitation, the excess will be considered Non-Qualified Stock Options.

 (d) Ten Percent Owners. An Incentive Stock Option will be granted to
any individual who, at the date of grant, owns stock possessing more than ten
percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of Stock of the
Company or any "subsidiary corporation" of the Company or "parent corporation"
of the Company (each within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code) only if such
Option is granted at an exercise price per share that is not less than 110 of
Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is exercisable for no more
than five years from the date of grant.

 (e) Transfer Restriction. The Participant will give the Company
prompt notice of any disposition of shares of Stock acquired by exercise of an
Incentive Stock Option within (i) two years from the date of grant of such
Incentive Stock Option or (ii) one year after the transfer of such shares of
Stock to the Participant.

 (f) Expiration of Incentive Stock Options. No Award of an Incentive
Stock Option may be made pursuant to this Plan after the Expiration Date.

 (g) Right to Exercise. During a Participant's lifetime, an Incentive
Stock Option may be exercised only by the Participant.

 5.3 Substitution of Stock Appreciation Rights. The Committee may provide
in the Award Agreement evidencing the grant of an Option that the Committee, in
its sole discretion, will have to right to substitute a Stock Appreciation Right
for such Option at any time prior to or upon exercise of such Option, subject to
the provisions of Section 7.2 hereof; provided that such Stock Appreciation
Right will be exercisable for the same number of shares of Stock for which such
substituted Option would have been exercisable.

 5.4 Paperless Exercise. In the event that the Company establishes, for
itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the
exercise of Options, such as a system using an internet website or interactive
voice response, then the paperless exercise of Options by a Participant may be
permitted through the use of such an automated system.

 9

ARTICLE 6

 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

 6.1 Grant of Restricted Stock. The Committee is authorized to make Awards
of Restricted Stock to any Participant selected by the Committee in such amounts
and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee. All
Awards of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by a written Restricted Stock Award
Agreement.

 6.2 Issuance and Restrictions. Restricted Stock will be subject to such
repurchase restrictions, forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on
transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may impose (including,
without limitation, limitations on the right to vote Restricted Stock or the
right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These restrictions may
lapse separately or in combination at such times, pursuant to such
circumstances, in such installments, or otherwise, as the Committee determines
at the time of the grant of the Award or thereafter.

 6.3 Forfeiture. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at the
time of the grant of the Award or thereafter, upon termination of employment or
service during the applicable restriction period, Restricted Stock that is at
that time subject to restrictions will be forfeited or subject to repurchase by
the Company under such terms as the Committee shall determine; provided,
however, that, the Committee may (a) provide in any Restricted Stock Award
Agreement that restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to Restricted
Stock will be waived in whole or in part in the event of terminations resulting
from specified causes, and (b) in other cases waive in whole or in part
restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to Restricted Stock.

 6.4 Certificates for Restricted Stock. Restricted Stock granted pursuant
to the Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine. If
certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock are registered in the name
of the Participant, certificates must bear an appropriate legend referring to
the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, and
the Company may, at its discretion, retain physical possession of the
certificate until such time as all applicable restrictions lapse.

 ARTICLE 7

 STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

 7.1 Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right may be
granted to any Participant selected by the Committee. A Stock Appreciation Right
may be granted (a) in connection and simultaneously with the grant of an Option,
(b) with respect to a previously granted Option, or (c) independent of an
Option. A Stock Appreciation Right will be subject to such terms and conditions
not inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee shall impose and will be
evidenced by an Award Agreement.

 7.2 Coupled Stock Appreciation Rights.

 (a) A Coupled Stock Appreciation Right ("CSAR") will be related to a
particular Option and will be exercisable only when and to the extent the
related Option is

 10

exercisable.

 (b) A CSAR may be granted to a Participant for no more than the
number of shares subject to the simultaneously or previously granted Option to
which it is coupled.

 (c) A CSAR will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to
exercise the Option pursuant to the Plan) to surrender to the Company the
unexercised portion of the Option to which the CSAR relates (to the extent then
exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the Company in exchange
therefor an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by
subtracting the Option exercise price from the Fair Market Value of a share of
Stock on the date of exercise of the CSAR by the number of shares of Stock with
respect to which the CSAR will have been exercised, subject to any limitations
the Committee may impose.

 7.3 Independent Stock Appreciation Rights.

 (a) An Independent Stock Appreciation Right ("ISAR") will be
unrelated to any Option and will have a term set by the Committee. An ISAR will
be exercisable in such installments as the Committee may determine. An ISAR will
cover such number of shares of Stock as the Committee may determine. The
exercise price per share of Stock subject to each ISAR will be set by the
Committee; provided, however, that the Committee, in its sole and absolute
discretion, may provide that the ISAR may be exercised subsequent to a
termination of employment or service, as applicable, or following a Change in
Control of the Company, or because of the Participant's retirement, death or
disability, or otherwise.

 (b) An ISAR will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled
to exercise the ISAR pursuant to the Plan) to exercise all or a specified
portion of the ISAR (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and
to receive from the Company an amount determined by multiplying the difference
obtained by subtracting the exercise price per share of the ISAR from the Fair
Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of exercise of the ISAR by the
number of shares of Stock with respect to which the ISAR will have been
exercised, subject to any limitations the Committee may impose.

 7.4 Payment and Limitations on Exercise. Payment of the amounts determined
under Sections 7.2(c) and 7.3(b) above will be in cash, in Stock (based on its
Fair Market Value as of the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised) or a
combination of both, as determined by the Committee.

 ARTICLE 8

 OTHER TYPES OF AWARDS

 8.1 Performance Share Awards. Any Participant selected by the Committee
may be granted one or more Performance Share awards which will be denominated in
a number of shares of Stock and which may be linked to any one or more of the
Performance Criteria or other specific performance criteria determined
appropriate by the Committee, in each case on a specified date or dates or over
any period or periods determined by the Committee. In making

 11

such determinations, the Committee will consider (among such other factors as it
deems relevant in light of the specific type of award) the contributions,
responsibilities and other compensation of the particular Participant.

 8.2 Performance Stock Units. Any Participant selected by the Committee may
be granted one or more Performance Stock Unit awards which will be denominated
in units of value including dollar value of shares of Stock and which may be
linked to any one or more of the Performance Criteria or other specific
performance criteria determined appropriate by the Committee, in each case on a
specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the
Committee. In making such determinations, the Committee will consider (among
such other factors as it deems relevant in light of the specific type of award)
the contributions, responsibilities and other compensation of the particular
Participant.

 8.3 Dividend Equivalents. Any Participant selected by the Committee may be
granted Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends declared on the shares of
Stock that are subject to any Award, to be credited as of dividend payment
dates, during the period between the date the Award is granted and the date the
Award is exercised, vests or expires, as determined by the Committee. Such
Dividend Equivalents will be converted to cash or additional shares of Stock by
such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be
determined by the Committee.

 8.4 Stock Payments. Any Participant selected by the Committee may receive
Stock Payments in the manner determined from time to time by the Committee. The
number of shares will be determined by the Committee and may be based upon the
Performance Criteria or other specific performance criteria determined
appropriate by the Committee, determined on the date such Stock Payment is made
or on any date thereafter.

 8.5 Deferred Stock. Any Participant selected by the Committee may be
granted an award of Deferred Stock in the manner determined from time to time by
the Committee. The number of shares of Deferred Stock will be determined by the
Committee and may be linked to the Performance Criteria or other specific
performance criteria determined to be appropriate by the Committee, in each case
on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the
Committee. Stock underlying a Deferred Stock award will not be issued until the
Deferred Stock award has vested, pursuant to a vesting schedule or performance
criteria set by the Committee. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, a
Participant awarded Deferred Stock will have no rights as a Company stockholder
with respect to such Deferred Stock until such time as the Deferred Stock Award
has vested and the Stock underlying the Deferred Stock Award has been issued.

 8.6 Restricted Stock Units. The Committee is authorized to make Awards of
Restricted Stock Units to any Participant selected by the Committee in such
amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee.
At the time of grant, the Committee will specify the date or dates on which the
Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested and nonforfeitable, and may
specify such conditions to vesting as it deems appropriate. At the time of
grant, the Committee will specify the maturity date applicable to each grant of
Restricted Stock Units which will be no earlier than the vesting date or dates
of the Award and may be determined at the election of the grantee. On the
maturity date, the Company will

 12

transfer to the Participant one unrestricted, fully transferable share of Stock
for each Restricted Stock Unit scheduled to be paid out on such date and not
previously forfeited. The Committee will specify the purchase price, if any, to
be paid by the grantee to the Company for such shares of Stock.

 8.7 Other Stock-Based Awards. Any Participant selected by the Committee
may be granted one or more Awards that provide Participants with shares of Stock
or the right to purchase shares of Stock or that have a value derived from the
value of, or an exercise or conversion privilege at a price related to, or that
are otherwise payable in shares of Stock and which may be linked to any one or
more of the Performance Criteria or other specific performance criteria
determined appropriate by the Committee, in each case on a specified date or
dates or over any period or periods determined by the Committee.

 8.8 Performance Bonus Awards. Any Participant selected by the Committee
may be granted one or more Performance-Based Awards in the form of a cash bonus
(a "PERFORMANCE BONUS AWARD") payable upon the attainment of Performance Goals
that are established by the Committee and relate to one or more of the
Performance Criteria, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any
period or periods determined by the Committee. Any such Performance Bonus Award
paid to a Covered Employee will be based upon objectively determinable bonus
formulas established in accordance with Article 9. The maximum amount of any
Performance Bonus Award payable to a Covered Employee with respect to any fiscal
year of the Company will not exceed 500,000.

 8.9 Term. Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of any Award of
Performance Shares, Performance Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, Stock
Payments, Deferred Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Other Stock-Based Awards or
Performance Bonus Awards will be set by the Committee in its discretion.

 8.9 Exercise or Purchase Price. The Committee may establish the exercise
or purchase price, if any, of any Award of Performance Shares, Performance Stock
Units, Deferred Stock, Stock Payments, Restricted Stock Units or Other
Stock-Based Awards; provided, however, that such price will not be less than the
par value of a share of Stock on the date of grant, unless otherwise permitted
by applicable state law.

 8.10 Form of Payment. Payments with respect to any Awards granted under
this Article 8 will be made in cash, in Stock or a combination of both, as
determined by the Committee.

 8.12 Award Agreement. All Awards under this Article 8 will be subject to
such additional terms and conditions as determined by the Committee and will be
evidenced by a written Award Agreement.

 ARTICLE 9

 PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS

 9.1 Purpose. The purpose of this Article 9 is to provide the Committee the
ability to qualify Awards as Qualified Performance-Based Compensation. If the
Committee, in its

 13

discretion, decides to grant a Performance-Based Award to a Covered Employee,
the provisions of this Article 9 will control over any contrary provision of the
Plan; provided, however, that the Committee may in its discretion grant Awards
to Covered Employees that are based on Performance Criteria or Performance Goals
but that do not satisfy the requirements of this Article 9.

 9.2 Applicability. This Article 9 will apply only to those Covered
Employees selected by the Committee to receive Performance-Based Awards which
are intended to be Qualified Performance-Based Compensation. The designation of
a Covered Employee as a Participant for a Performance Period will not in any
manner entitle the Participant to receive an Award for the period. Moreover,
designation of a Covered Employee as a Participant for a particular Performance
Period will not require designation of such Covered Employee as a Participant in
any subsequent Performance Period and designation of one Covered Employee as a
Participant will not require designation of any other Covered Employees as a
Participant in such period or in any other period.

 9.3 Procedures with Respect to Performance-Based Awards. To the extent
necessary to comply with the Qualified Performance-Based Compensation
requirements of Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code, with respect to any Award
granted under Articles 6 and 8 which may be granted to one or more Covered
Employees, no later than ninety days following the commencement of any fiscal
year in question or any other designated fiscal period or period of service (or
such other time as may be required or permitted by Section 162(m) of the Code),
the Committee will, in writing, (a) designate one or more Covered Employees, (b)
select the Performance Criteria applicable to the Performance Period, (c)
establish the Performance Goals, and amounts of such Awards, as applicable,
which may be earned for such Performance Period, and (d) specify the
relationship between Performance Criteria and the Performance Goals and the
amounts of such Awards, as applicable, to be earned by each Covered Employee for
such Performance Period. Following the completion of each Performance Period,
the Committee will certify in writing whether the applicable Performance Goals
have been achieved for such Performance Period. In determining the amount earned
by a Covered Employee, the Committee will have the right to reduce or eliminate
(but not to increase) the amount payable at a given level of performance to take
into account additional factors that the Committee may deem relevant to the
assessment of individual or corporate performance for the Performance Period.

 9.4 Payment of Performance-Based Awards. A Participant will be eligible to
receive payment pursuant to a Performance-Based Award for a Performance Period
only if the Performance Goals for such period are achieved. In determining the
amount earned under a Performance-Based Award, the Committee may reduce or
eliminate the amount of the Performance-Based Award earned for the Performance
Period, if in its sole and absolute discretion, such reduction or elimination is
appropriate.

 9.5 Additional Limitations. Notwithstanding any other provision of the
Plan, any Award which is granted to a Covered Employee and is intended to
constitute Qualified Performance-Based Compensation will be subject to any
additional limitations set forth in Section 162(m) of the Code (including any
amendment to Section 162(m) of the Code) or any regulations or rulings issued
thereunder that are requirements for qualification as qualified

 14

performance-based compensation as described in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code,
and the Plan will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such
requirements.

 ARTICLE 10

 PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS

 10.1 Stand-Alone and Tandem Awards. Awards granted pursuant to the Plan
may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone, in addition
to, or in tandem with, any other Award granted pursuant to the Plan. Awards
granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards may be granted either at
the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards.

 10.2 Award Agreement. Awards under the Plan will be evidenced by Award
Agreements that set forth the terms, conditions and limitations for each Award
which may include the term of an Award, the provisions applicable in the event
the Participant's employment or service terminates, and the Company's authority
to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind an
Award.

 10.3 Limits on Transfer. No right or interest of a Participant in any
Award may be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated to or in favor of any party
other than the Company or a Subsidiary, or will be subject to any lien,
obligation, or liability of such Participant to any other party other than the
Company or a Subsidiary. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, no Award
will be assigned, transferred, or otherwise disposed of by a Participant other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The Committee by express
provision in the Award or an amendment thereto may permit an Award (other than
an Incentive Stock Option) to be transferred to, exercised by and paid to
certain persons or entities related to the Participant, including but not
limited to members of the Participant's family, charitable institutions, or
trusts or other entities whose beneficiaries or beneficial owners are members of
the Participant's family and/or charitable institutions, or to such other
persons or entities as may be expressly approved by the Committee, pursuant to
such conditions and procedures as the Committee may establish. Any permitted
transfer will be subject to the condition that the Committee receive evidence
satisfactory to it that the transfer is being made for estate and/or tax
planning purposes (or to a "blind trust" in connection with the Participant's
termination of employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary to assume
a position with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit
institution) and on a basis consistent with the Company's lawful issue of
securities.

 10.4 Beneficiaries. Notwithstanding Section 10.3, a Participant may, in
the manner determined by the Committee, designate a beneficiary to exercise the
rights of the Participant and to receive any distribution with respect to any
Award upon the Participant's death. A beneficiary, legal guardian, legal
representative, or other person claiming any rights pursuant to the Plan is
subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Agreement
applicable to the Participant, except to the extent the Plan and Award Agreement
otherwise provide, and to any additional restrictions deemed necessary or
appropriate by the Committee. If the Participant is married and resides in a
community property state, a designation of a person other than the

 15

Participant's spouse as his or her beneficiary with respect to more than 50 of
the Participant's interest in the Award will not be effective without the prior
written consent of the Participant's spouse. If no beneficiary has been
designated or survives the Participant, payment will be made to the person
entitled thereto pursuant to the Participant's will or the laws of descent and
distribution. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed
or revoked by a Participant at any time provided the change or revocation is
filed with the Committee.

 10.5 Stock Certificates; Book Entry Procedures.

 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company
will not be required to issue or deliver any certificates evidencing shares of
Stock pursuant to the exercise of any Award, unless and until the Board has
determined, with advice of counsel, that the issuance and delivery of such
certificates is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of
governmental authorities and, if applicable, the requirements of any exchange on
which the shares of Stock are listed or traded. All Stock certificates delivered
pursuant to the Plan are subject to any stop-transfer orders and other
restrictions as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to comply with
federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, securities or other laws, rules and
regulations and the rules of any national securities exchange or automated
quotation system on which the Stock is listed, quoted, or traded. The Committee
may place legends on any Stock certificate to reference restrictions applicable
to the Stock. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Board
may require that a Participant make such reasonable covenants, agreements, and
representations as the Board, in its discretion, deems advisable in order to
comply with any such laws, regulations, or requirements. The Committee will have
the right to require any Participant to comply with any timing or other
restrictions with respect to the settlement or exercise of any Award, including
a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the
Committee.

 (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless
otherwise determined by the Committee or required by any applicable law, rule or
regulation, the Company will not deliver to any Participant certificates
evidencing shares of Stock issued in connection with any Award and instead such
shares of Stock will be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable,
its transfer agent or stock plan administrator).

 ARTICLE 11

 CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE

 11.1 Adjustments.

 (a) In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or
exchange of shares, merger, consolidation, spin-off, recapitalization or other
distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to
stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Stock or the share
price of the Stock, the Committee will make such proportionate adjustments, if
any, as the Committee in its discretion may deem appropriate to reflect such
change with respect to (i) the aggregate number and type of shares that may be
issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the
limitations in Sections 3.1 and 3.3); (ii) the terms and conditions of any
outstanding Awards (including, without limitation, any applicable

 16

performance targets or criteria with respect thereto); and (iii) the grant or
exercise price per share for any outstanding Awards under the Plan. Any
adjustment affecting an Award intended as Qualified Performance-Based
Compensation must be made consistent with the requirements of Section 162(m) of
the Code.

 (b) In the event of any transaction or event described in Section
11.1(a) or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the
Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the financial statements of the
Company or any affiliate (including without limitation any Change in Control),
or of changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles, the
Committee, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it deems
appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the
occurrence of such transaction or event and either automatically or upon the
Participant's request, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the
following actions whenever the Committee determines that such action is
appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or
potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect
to any Award under the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to
give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or principles:

 (i) To provide for either (A) termination of any such Award in
exchange for an amount of cash and/or other property, if any, equal to the
amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or
realization of the Participant's rights (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as
of the date of the occurrence of the transaction or event described in this
Section 11.1(b), the Committee determines in good faith that no amount would
have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the
Participant's rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without
payment) or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property
selected by the Committee in its sole discretion;

 (ii) To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or
survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or will be substituted
for by similar options, rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or
survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; and

 (iii) To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of
Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards, and in
the number and kind of outstanding Restricted Stock or Deferred Stock and/or in
the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the
criteria included in, outstanding options, rights and awards and options, rights
and awards which may be granted in the future.

 11.2 Acceleration Upon Change in Control. Notwithstanding Section 11.1, if
a Change in Control occurs and a Participant's Awards are not converted,
assumed, or replaced by a successor entity or its parent or Subsidiary, then
immediately prior to the Change in Control such Awards will become fully
exercisable and all forfeiture restrictions on such Awards will lapse. Upon, or
in anticipation of, a Change in Control, the Committee may cause any and all
Awards outstanding under this Plan to terminate at a specific time in the
future, including but not limited to the date of such Change in Control, and
will give each Participant the right to exercise such Awards during a period of
time as the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall

 17

determine. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether an Award
has been converted, assumed or replaced by the surviving or successor entity or
its parent or Subsidiary in connection with a Change in Control.

 11.3 Outstanding Awards - Certain Mergers. Subject to any required action
by the stockholders of the Company, in the event that the Company is the
surviving corporation in any merger or consolidation (except a merger or
consolidation as a result of which the holders of shares of Stock receive
securities of another corporation), each Award outstanding on the date of such
merger or consolidation will pertain to and apply to the securities that a
holder of the number of shares of Stock subject to such Award would have
received in such merger or consolidation.

 11.4 Outstanding Awards - Other Changes. In the event of any other change
in the capitalization of the Company or corporate change other than those
specifically referred to in this Article 11, the Committee may, in its absolute
discretion, make such adjustments in the number and kind of shares or other
securities subject to Awards outstanding on the date on which such change occurs
and in the per share grant or exercise price of each Award as the Committee may
consider appropriate to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights.

 11.5 No Other Rights. Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no
Participant will have any rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation
of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any dividend, any increase or
decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class or any dissolution,
liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or any other corporation.
Except as expressly provided in the Plan or pursuant to action of the Committee
under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or
securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, will affect, and no
adjustment by reason thereof will be made with respect to, the number of shares
of Stock subject to an Award or the grant or exercise price of any Award.

 ARTICLE 12

 ADMINISTRATION

 12.1 Committee. Unless and until the Board delegates administration of the
Plan to a Committee as set forth below, the Plan will be administered by the
full Board, and for such purposes the term "Committee" as used in this Plan will
be deemed to refer to the Board. The Board may delegate administration of the
Plan to a Committee or Committees of one or more members of the Board, and the
term "Committee" will apply to any person or persons to whom such authority has
been delegated. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee
will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers
theretofore possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a
subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to
exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the
Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to
time by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, from and after the
Public Trading Date, a Committee of the Board will administer the Plan and the
Committee will consist solely of two or more members of the Board each of whom
is both an "outside director," within the meaning of Section

 18

162(m) of the Code, and a Non-Employee Director. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(a) the full Board, acting by a majority of its members in office, will conduct
the general administration of the Plan with respect to all Awards granted to
Independent Directors and for purposes of such Awards the term "Committee" as
used in this Plan will be deemed to refer to the Board and (b) the Committee may
delegate its authority under this Plan to the extent permitted by Section 12.5.
Appointment of Committee members will be effective upon acceptance of
appointment. The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and re-vest in the
Board the administration of the Plan. Committee members may resign at any time
by delivering written notice to the Board. Vacancies in the Committee may only
be filled by the Board.

 12.2 Action by the Committee. A majority of the Committee will constitute
a quorum. The acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which
a quorum is present, and acts approved in writing by a majority of the Committee
in lieu of a meeting, will be deemed the acts of the Committee. Each member of
the Committee is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or
other information furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of
the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company's independent certified public
accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional
retained by the Company to assist in the administration of the Plan.

 12.3 Authority of Committee. Subject to any specific designation in the
Plan, the Committee has the exclusive power, authority and discretion to:

 (a) Designate Participants to receive Awards;

 (b) Determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each
Participant;

 (c) Determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of
shares of Stock to which an Award will relate;

 (d) Determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted pursuant
to the Plan, including, but not limited to, the exercise price, grant price, or
purchase price, any reload provision, any restrictions or limitations on the
Award, any schedule for lapse of forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on the
exercisability of an Award, and accelerations or waivers thereof, any provisions
related to non-competition and recapture of gain on an Award, based in each case
on such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion determines;
provided, however, that the Committee will not have the authority to accelerate
the vesting or waive the forfeiture of any Performance-Based Awards;

 (e) Determine whether, to what extent, and pursuant to what
circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may
be paid in, cash, Stock, other Awards, or other property, or an Award may be
canceled, forfeited, or surrendered;

 (f) Prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be
identical for each Participant;

 (g) Decide all other matters that must be determined in connection
with an Award;

 19

(h) Establish, adopt, or revise any rules and regulations as it may
deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan;

 (i) Interpret the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to, the
Plan or any Award Agreement; and

 (j) Make all other decisions and determinations that may be required
pursuant to the Plan or as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to
administer the Plan.

 12.4 Decisions Binding. The Committee's interpretation of the Plan, any
Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, any Award Agreement and all decisions and
determinations by the Committee with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and
conclusive on all parties.

 12.5 Delegation of Authority. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
the Committee may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or more
members of the Board or one or more officers of the Company the authority to
grant or amend Awards to Participants other than (a) senior executives of the
Company who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, (b) Covered
Employees, or (c) officers of the Company (or members of the Board) to whom
authority to grant or amend Awards has been delegated under this Plan. Any
delegation under this Plan will be subject to the restrictions and limits that
the Committee specifies at the time of such delegation, and the Committee may at
any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a new delegatee. At all
times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 12.5 will serve in such
capacity at the pleasure of the Committee.

 20

ARTICLE 13

 EFFECTIVE AND EXPIRATION DATE

 13.1 Effective Date. The Plan is effective as of the Public Trading Date
(the "EFFECTIVE DATE"); provided, that the Plan has been approved by the
Company's stockholders prior to such date.

 13.2 Expiration Date. The Plan will expire on, and no Award may be granted
pursuant to the Plan after, the earlier of the tenth anniversary of (i) the date
this Plan is approved by the Company's stockholders or (ii) the date this Plan
is approved by the Board (the "EXPIRATION DATE"). Any Awards that are
outstanding on the Expiration Date will remain in force according to the terms
of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.

 ARTICLE 14

 AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION

 14.1 Amendment, Modification, And Termination. The Board or the Committee
may terminate, amend or modify the Plan; provided, however, that (a) to the
extent necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, or stock
exchange rule, the Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan
amendment in such a manner and to such a degree as required, and (b) stockholder
approval is required for any amendment to the Plan that (i) increases the number
of shares available under the Plan (other than any adjustment as provided by
Article 11), or (ii) permits the Committee to extend the exercise period for an
Option beyond ten years from the date of grant. Notwithstanding any provision in
this Plan to the contrary, absent approval of the stockholders of the Company,
no Option may be amended to reduce the per share exercise price of the shares
subject to such Option below the per share exercise price as of the date the
Option is granted and, except as permitted by Article 11, no Option may be
granted in exchange for, or in connection with, the cancellation or surrender of
an Option having a higher per share exercise price.

 14.2 Awards Previously Granted. No termination, amendment, or modification
of the Plan will adversely affect in any material way any Award previously
granted pursuant to the Plan without the prior written consent of the
Participant.

 ARTICLE 15

 GENERAL PROVISIONS

 15.1 No Rights to Awards. No Participant, employee, or other person will
have any claim to be granted any Award pursuant to the Plan, and neither the
Company nor the Committee is obligated to treat Participants, employees, and
other persons uniformly.

 15.2 No Stockholders Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein, a
Participant will have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to shares
of Stock covered by any Award until the Participant becomes the record owner of
such shares of Stock.

 21

15.3 Withholding. The Company or any Subsidiary will have the authority
and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the
Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local and foreign taxes
(including the Participant's payroll, social security or other tax obligations)
required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event concerning a
Participant arising as a result of this Plan. The Committee may in its
discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement allow a Participant
to elect to have the Company withhold shares of Stock otherwise issuable under
an Award (or allow the return of shares of Stock) having a Fair Market Value
equal to the sums required to be withheld. Notwithstanding any other provision
of the Plan, the number of shares of Stock which may be withheld with respect to
the issuance, vesting, exercise or payment of any Award (or which may be
repurchased from the Participant of such Award within six months (or such other
period as may be determined by the Committee) after such shares of Stock were
acquired by the Participant from the Company) in order to satisfy the
Participant's federal, state, local and foreign tax liabilities with respect to
the issuance, vesting, exercise or payment of the Award will be limited to the
number of shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding or
repurchase equal to the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the
minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax
purposes that are applicable to such taxable income.

 15.4 No Right to Employment or Services. Nothing in the Plan or any Award
Agreement will interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or
any Subsidiary to terminate any Participant's employment or services at any
time, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ or
service of the Company or any Subsidiary.

 15.5 Unfunded Status of Awards. The Plan is intended to be an "unfunded"
plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a
Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award
Agreement will give the Participant any rights that are greater than those of a
general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary.

 15.6 Indemnification. To the extent allowable pursuant to applicable law,
each member of the Committee or of the Board will be indemnified and held
harmless by the Company from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be
imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in connection with or
resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be
a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action or failure
to act pursuant to the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him
or her in satisfaction of judgment in such action, suit, or proceeding against
him or her; provided he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own
expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and
defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification will
not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons
may be entitled pursuant to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have
to indemnify them or hold them harmless.

 22

15.7 Relationship to other Benefits. No payment pursuant to the Plan will
be taken into account in determining any benefits pursuant to any pension,
retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit
plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except to the extent otherwise expressly
provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder.

 15.8 Expenses. The expenses of administering the Plan will be borne by the
Company and its Subsidiaries.

 15.9 Titles and Headings. The titles and headings of the Sections in the
Plan are for convenience of reference only and, in the event of any conflict,
the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, will control.

 15.10 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Stock will be issued and
the Committee will determine, in its discretion, whether cash will be given in
lieu of fractional shares or whether such fractional shares will be eliminated
by rounding up or down as appropriate.

 15.11 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons. Notwithstanding any
other provision of the Plan, the Plan, and any Award granted or awarded to any
Participant who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, will be
subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule
under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of
the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive
rule. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and Awards granted or
awarded under this Plan will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to
conform to such applicable exemptive rule.

 15.12 Government and Other Regulations. The obligation of the Company to
make payment of awards in Stock or otherwise will be subject to all applicable
laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by government agencies as
may be required. The Company will be under no obligation to register pursuant to
the Securities Act any of the shares of Stock paid pursuant to the Plan. If the
shares paid pursuant to the Plan may in certain circumstances be exempt from
registration pursuant to the Securities Act, the Company may restrict the
transfer of such shares in such manner as it deems advisable to ensure the
availability of any such exemption.

 15.13 Governing Law. The Plan and all Award Agreements will be construed
in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

 23

I certify that the foregoing Plan was duly adopted by the board of
directors of WebSideStory, Inc. on July 14, 2004.

I certify that the foregoing Plan was approved by the stockholders of
WebSideStory, Inc. on July 21, 2004.

 Executed on this 21st day of July, 2004.

 /s/ Michael Christian
 ______________________________________
 Michael Christian, Corporate Secretary

 24

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

 STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
 UNDER THE 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

 WebSideStory, Inc. (the "COMPANY"), pursuant to its 2004 Equity Incentive
Award Plan (the "PLAN"), hereby grants to the Optionee listed below
("OPTIONEE"), an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company's Stock
set forth below. This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as
set forth herein and in the Plan and the attached Stock Option Agreement, each
of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein,
the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock
Option Grant Notice and the attached Stock Option Agreement.

OPTIONEE: _________________________________

GRANT DATE: _________________________________

VESTING COMMENCEMENT DATE: _________________________________

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: ____________ per share

TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES GRANTED: _________________________________

TOTAL EXERCISE PRICE: ____________

EXPIRATION DATE: _________________________________

TYPE OF OPTION: [ ] Incentive Stock Option [ ] Non-Qualified Stock Option

VESTING SCHEDULE: [To be specified in individual agreements]

 By his or her signature and the Company's signature below, Optionee agrees
to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and the attached Stock
Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed the attached Stock Option Agreement and
the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of
counsel prior to executing this option and fully understands all provisions of
this Stock Option Grant Notice, the attached Stock Option Agreement and the
Plan. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all
decisions or interpretations of the administrator of the Plan upon any questions
arising under the Plan or this option. Optionee further agrees to notify the
Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.: OPTIONEE:

By: ________________________________ By: ___________________________________
Print Name: Print Name:
Title:

Address: 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor Address:
 San Diego, CA 92121

 GRANT NOTICE PAGE 1

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.
 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

 Pursuant to the Stock Option Grant Notice ("GRANT NOTICE") to which this
Stock Option Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is attached, WebSideStory, Inc. (the
"COMPANY") has granted to the Optionee an option under the Company's 2004 Equity
Incentive Award Plan (the "PLAN") to purchase the number of shares of Stock
indicated in the Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in the Grant
Notice. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the
meanings specified in the Plan. The Option is subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan which are incorporated herein by reference.

 ARTICLE I
 GRANT OF OPTION

 1.1 Grant of Option. In consideration of the Optionee's agreement to
remain in the employ of or to continue to provide services to the Company or its
Subsidiaries and for other good and valuable consideration, effective as of the
Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice (the "GRANT DATE"), the Company
irrevocably grants to the Optionee the Option to purchase any part or all of an
aggregate of the number of shares of Stock set forth in the Grant Notice, upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Unless designated as a
Non-Qualified Stock Option in the Grant Notice, the Option shall be an Incentive
Stock Option to the maximum extent permitted by law.

 1.2 Purchase Price. The purchase price per share of the shares of Stock
subject to the Option shall be as set forth in the Grant Notice, without
commission or other charge; provided, however, that if this Option is designated
as an Incentive Stock Option, the price per share of the shares subject to the
Option shall not be less than the greater of (i) 100 of the Fair Market Value
of a share of Stock on the Grant Date, or (ii) 110 of the Fair Market Value of
a share of Stock on the Grant Date in the case of an Optionee then owning
(within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any "subsidiary
corporation" of the Company or any "parent corporation" of the Company (each
within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code).

 1.3 Consideration to the Company. In consideration of the granting of
the Option by the Company, the Optionee agrees to render faithful and efficient
services to the Company or any Subsidiary, with such duties and responsibilities
as the Company shall from time to time prescribe. Nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall confer upon the Optionee any right to (a) continue in the employ
of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way
the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which are hereby expressly
reserved, to discharge the Optionee, if the Optionee is an Employee, or (b)
continue to provide services to the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere
with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries, which
are hereby expressly reserved, to terminate the services of Optionee, if the
Optionee is a consultant, at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without
cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement
between the Company and the Optionee.

 ARTICLE II
 PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY

 2.1 Commencement of Exercisability.

 (a) Subject to Sections 2.3 and 4.11, the Option shall become
exercisable in such amounts and at such times as are set forth in the Grant
Notice.

 (b) No portion of the Option which has not become exercisable at
Termination of Service (as defined below) shall thereafter become exercisable,
except as may be otherwise provided by the Committee or as set forth in a
written agreement between the Company and the Optionee.

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 1

2.2 Duration of Exercisability. The installments provided for in the
vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice are cumulative. Each such
installment which becomes exercisable pursuant to Section 3.1 shall remain
exercisable until it becomes unexercisable under Section 2.3.

 2.3 Expiration of Option. The Option may not be exercised to any extent
by anyone after the first to occur of the following events:

 (a) The expiration of ten years from the Grant Date; or

 (b) If this Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and
the Optionee owned (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code), at the
time the Option was granted, more than 10 of the total combined voting power of
all classes of stock of the Company or any "subsidiary corporation" of the
Company or "parent corporation" of the Company (each within the meaning of
Section 424 of the Code), the expiration of five years from the date the Option
was granted; or

 (c) The expiration of ninety days following the date of the
Optionee's Termination of Service, unless such Termination of Service occurs by
reason of the Optionee's death or Disability; or

 (d) The expiration of one year following the date of the
Optionee's Termination of Service by reason of the Optionee's death or
Disability.

 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, "TERMINATION OF SERVICE" means
the time when the service relationship (whether as an Employee, Director or a
consultant) between the Optionee and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated
for any reason, with or without cause, including, but not by way of limitation,
a termination by resignation, discharge, death or Disability; but excluding (i)
a termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment or continuing
employment or consultancy of the Optionee by the Company or any Subsidiary or a
"parent corporation" of the Company (within the meaning of Section 424 of the
Code), (ii) at the discretion of the Committee, a termination which results in a
temporary severance of the employee-employer relationship, and (iii) at the
discretion of the Committee, a termination which is followed by the simultaneous
establishment of a consulting relationship by the Company or a Subsidiary with a
former Employee. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the
effect of all matters and questions relating to Termination of Service for the
purposes of this Agreement, and all questions of whether particular leaves of
absence for Optionees who are Employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries constitute Terminations of Service; provided, however, that, if
this Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option, unless otherwise
determined by the Committee in its discretion, a leave of absence, change in
status from an Employee to an independent contractor or other change in the
employee-employer relationship shall constitute a Termination of Service if, and
to the extent that, such leave of absence, change in status or other change
interrupts employment for the purposes of Section 422(a)(2) of the Code and the
then applicable regulations and revenue rulings under said Section.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, the Company
or any Subsidiary has an absolute and unrestricted right to terminate the
Optionee's employment and/or consultancy at any time for any reason whatsoever,
with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a
written agreement between the Company and the Optionee.

 2.4 Special Tax Consequences. The Optionee acknowledges that, to the
extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of stock with respect to which
Incentive Stock Options (but without regard to Section 422(d) of the Code),
including the Option, are exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during
any calendar year (under the Plan and all other incentive stock option plans of
the Company, any "subsidiary corporation" of the Company and any "parent
corporation" of the Company (each within the meaning of Section 424 of the
Code)) exceeds 100,000, the Option and such other options shall be treated as
not qualifying under Section 422 of the Code but rather shall be taxed as
Non-Qualified Stock Options. The Optionee further acknowledges that the rule set
forth in the preceding sentence shall be applied by taking options into account
in the order in which they were granted. For purposes of these rules, the Fair
Market Value of Stock shall be determined as of the time the option with respect
to such Stock is granted.

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 2

ARTICLE III
 EXERCISE OF OPTION

 3.1 Person Eligible to Exercise. Except as provided in Sections 4.2(b)
and 4.2(c), during the lifetime of the Optionee, only the Optionee may exercise
the Option or any portion thereof. After the death of the Optionee, any
exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time when the Option becomes
unexercisable under Section 2.3, be exercised by the Optionee's beneficiary
designated in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan. If no beneficiary has
been designated or survives the Optionee, the Option may be exercised by the
person entitled to such exercise pursuant to the Optionee's will or the laws of
descent and distribution.

 3.2 Partial Exercise. Any exercisable portion of the Option or the
entire Option, if then wholly exercisable, may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time prior to the time when the Option or portion thereof becomes
unexercisable under Section 2.3.

 3.3 Manner of Exercise. The Option, or any exercisable portion thereof,
may be exercised solely by delivery to the Secretary of the Company or the
Secretary's office of all of the following prior to the time when the Option or
such portion thereof becomes unexercisable under Section 2.3:

 (a) An exercise notice in writing signed by the Optionee or the
other person then entitled to exercise the Option or portion thereof, stating
that the Option or portion thereof is thereby exercised, such notice complying
with all applicable rules established by the Committee. Such notice shall be
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A (or such other form as is
prescribed by the Committee) (the "EXERCISE NOTICE"); and

 (b) (i) Full payment (in cash or by check) for the shares with
 respect to which the Option or portion thereof is exercised, to the extent
 permitted under applicable laws; or

 (ii) With the consent of the Committee, such payment may be
 made, in whole or in part, through the delivery of shares of Stock which
 have been owned by the Optionee for at least six months, duly endorsed for
 transfer to the Company with a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery
 equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion
 thereof; or

 (iii) To the extent permitted under applicable laws, through
 the delivery of a notice that the Optionee has placed a market sell order
 with a broker with respect to shares of Stock then issuable upon exercise
 of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient
 portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of
 the Option exercise price, provided, that payment of such proceeds is made
 to the Company upon settlement of such sale; or

 (iv) With the consent of the Committee, any combination of
 the consideration provided in the foregoing subparagraphs (i), (ii) and
 (iii); and

 (c) A bona fide written representation and agreement, in such form
as is prescribed by the Committee, signed by the Optionee or other person then
entitled to exercise such Option or portion thereof, stating that the shares of
Stock are being acquired for the Optionee's own account, for investment and
without any present intention of distributing or reselling said shares or any of
them except as may be permitted under the Securities Act and then applicable
rules and regulations thereunder, and that the Optionee or other person then
entitled to exercise such Option or portion thereof will indemnify the Company
against and hold it free and harmless from any loss, damage, expense or
liability resulting to the Company if any sale or distribution of the shares by
such person is contrary to the representation and agreement referred to above.
The Committee may, in its absolute discretion, take whatever additional actions
it deems appropriate to ensure the observance and performance of such
representation and agreement and to effect compliance with the Securities Act
and any other federal or state securities laws or regulations. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may require an opinion of counsel
acceptable to it to the effect that any subsequent transfer of shares acquired
on an Option exercise does not violate the Securities Act, and may issue
stop-transfer orders covering such shares. Share certificates evidencing Stock
issued on exercise of the Option shall bear an appropriate legend referring to
the provisions of this subsection (c) and the agreements herein. The written
representation and agreement referred to in the first sentence of this

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 3

subsection (c) shall, however, not be required if the shares to be issued
pursuant to such exercise have been registered under the Securities Act, and
such registration is then effective in respect of such shares; and

 (d) Full payment to the Company (or other employer corporation) of
all amounts which, under federal, state or local tax law, it is required to
withhold upon exercise of the Option. With the consent of the Committee, (i)
shares of Stock owned by the Optionee for at least six months duly endorsed for
transfer or (ii) shares of Stock issuable to the Optionee upon exercise of the
Option, having a Fair Market Value at the date of Option exercise equal to the
statutory minimum sums required to be withheld, may be used to make all or part
of such payment; and

 (e) In the event the Option or portion thereof shall be exercised
pursuant to Section 3.1 by any person or persons other than the Optionee,
appropriate proof of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Option.

 3.4 Conditions to Issuance of Stock Certificates. The shares of Stock
deliverable upon the exercise of the Option, or any portion thereof, may be
either previously authorized but unissued shares or issued shares which have
then been reacquired by the Company. Such shares shall be fully paid and
nonassessable. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any shares
of Stock purchased upon the exercise of the Option or portion thereof prior to
fulfillment of all of the following conditions:

 (a) The admission of such shares to listing on all stock exchanges
on which such Stock is then listed; and

 (b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of
such shares under any state or federal law or under rulings or regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission or of any other governmental regulatory
body which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or
advisable; and

 (c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any
state or federal governmental agency which the Committee shall, in its absolute
discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; and

 (d) The receipt by the Company of full payment for such shares,
including payment of all amounts which, under federal, state or local tax law,
the Company (or other employer corporation) is required to withhold upon
exercise of the Option; and

 (e) The lapse of such reasonable period of time following the
exercise of the Option as the Committee may from time to time establish for
reasons of administrative convenience.

 3.5 Rights as Stockholder. The holder of the Option shall not be, nor
have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company in respect
of any shares purchasable upon the exercise of any part of the Option unless and
until such shares shall have been issued by the Company to such holder.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless
otherwise determined by the Committee or required by applicable law, rule or
regulation, the Company shall not deliver to the Optionee certificates
evidencing shares of Stock issued in connection with the exercise of this Option
and instead such shares of Stock will be recorded in the books of the Company
(or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator).

 ARTICLE IV
 OTHER PROVISIONS

 4.1 Administration. The Committee shall have the power to interpret the
Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration,
interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to
interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all
interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith shall be
final and binding upon the Optionee, the Company and all other interested
persons. No member of the Committee shall be personally liable for any action,
determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan,
this Agreement or the Option. In its absolute discretion, the Board may

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 4

at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the
Committee under the Plan and this Agreement.

 4.2 Option Not Transferable.

 (a) Subject to Section 4.2(b), the Option may not be sold,
pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of
descent and distribution unless and until the Option has been exercised, or the
shares underlying such Option have been issued, and all restrictions applicable
to such shares have lapsed. Neither the Option nor any interest or right therein
shall be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of the Optionee or his
or her successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer,
alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means
whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by
judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable
proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall
be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is
permitted by the preceding sentence.

 (b) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, with
the consent of the Committee and to the extent the Option is not intended to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, the Option may be transferred to,
exercised by and paid to certain persons or entities related to the Optionee,
including but not limited to members of the Optionee's family, charitable
institutes or trusts or other entities whose beneficiaries or beneficial owners
are members of the Optionee's family or to such other persons or entities as may
be expressly approved by the Committee (each a "PERMITTED TRANSFEREE"), pursuant
to such conditions and procedures as the Committee may require. Any permitted
transfer will be subject to the condition that the Committee receive evidence
satisfactory to it that the transfer is being made for estate and/or tax
planning purposes (or to a "blind trust" in connection with the Optionee's
Termination of Service with the Company or a Subsidiary to assume a position
with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit institution)
and on a basis consistent with the Company's lawful issue of securities.

 (c) Unless transferred to a Permitted Transferee in accordance
with Section 4.2(b), during the lifetime of the Optionee, only the Optionee may
exercise the Option or any portion thereof. Subject to such conditions and
procedures as the Committee may require, a Permitted Transferee may exercise the
Option or any portion thereof during the Optionee's lifetime. After the death of
the Optionee, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time when
the Option becomes unexercisable under Section 2.3, be exercised by the
Optionee's beneficiary designated in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan.
If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the Optionee, the Option may
be exercised by the person entitled to such exercise pursuant to the Optionee's
will or the laws of descent and distribution.

 4.3 Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Orders.

 (a) The share certificate or certificates evidencing the shares of
Stock purchased hereunder shall be endorsed with any legends that may be
required by state or federal securities laws.

 (b) The Optionee agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with
the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate "stop
transfer" instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company
transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same
effect in its own records.

 (c) The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books
any shares of Stock that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of
any of the provisions of this Agreement, or (ii) to treat as owner of such
shares of Stock or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser
or other transferee to whom such shares shall have been so transferred.

 4.4 Shares to Be Reserved. The Company shall at all times during the
term of the Option reserve and keep available such number of shares of Stock as
will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Agreement.

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 5

4.5 Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to
the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the
Company, and any notice to be given to the Optionee shall be addressed to the
Optionee at the address given beneath the Optionee's signature on the Grant
Notice. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 4.5, either party may
hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party.
Any notice which is required to be given to the Optionee shall, if the Optionee
is then deceased, be given to the Optionee's designated beneficiary if any, or
the person otherwise entitled to exercise his or her Option pursuant to Section
3.1 by written notice under this Section 4.5. Any notice shall be deemed duly
given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt
requested) and deposited in a post office or branch post office regularly
maintained by the United States Postal Service.

 4.6 Titles. Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not
to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

 4.7 Notification of Disposition. If this Option is designated as an
Incentive Stock Option, the Optionee shall give prompt notice to the Company of
any disposition or other transfer of any shares of Stock acquired under this
Agreement if such disposition or transfer is made (a) within two years from the
Grant Date with respect to such shares or (b) within one year after the transfer
of such shares to him. Such notice shall specify the date of such disposition or
other transfer and the amount realized, in cash, other property, assumption of
indebtedness or other consideration, by the Optionee in such disposition or
other transfer.

 4.8 Governing Law; Severability. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware excluding that
body of law pertaining to conflicts of law. Should any provision of this
Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, the
other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain
enforceable.

 4.9 Conformity to Securities Laws. The Optionee acknowledges that the
Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any and all regulations and rules
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, and state
securities laws and regulations. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Option is granted and may be
exercised, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and
regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this
Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such
laws, rules and regulations.

 4.10 Amendments. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or
terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by the Optionee or such
other person as may be permitted to exercise the Option pursuant to Section 3.1
and by a duly authorized representative of the Company.

 4.11 Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights
under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to
the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding
upon the Optionee and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors
and assigns.

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 6

EXHIBIT A

 TO GRANT NOTICE AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

 FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

 Effective as of today, ___________, _____, the undersigned ("OPTIONEE")
hereby elects to exercise the Optionee's option to purchase _________ shares of
the common stock (the "SHARES") of WebSideStory, Inc. (the "COMPANY") under and
pursuant to the WebSideStory, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the "PLAN")
and the Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement dated
_____________, _____ (the "OPTION AGREEMENT"). Capitalized terms not
specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Option
Agreement.

GRANT DATE: _______________________________________

NUMBER OF SHARES AS TO WHICH OPTION IS
EXERCISED: _______________________________________

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: ____________

TOTAL EXERCISE PRICE: ____________

CERTIFICATE TO BE ISSUED IN NAME OF: _______________________________________

CASH PAYMENT DELIVERED HEREWITH: ____________ (Representing the full
 Exercise Price for the Shares, as
 well as any applicable withholding
 tax)

TYPE OF OPTION: [ ] Incentive Stock Option [ ] Non-Qualified Stock Option

 1. Representations of Optionee. The Optionee acknowledges that the
Optionee has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement.
The Optionee agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.

 2. Rights as Stockholder. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by
the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any
other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to Shares subject to the
Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made
for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the
Shares are issued, except as provided in Article 11 of the Plan.

 3. Tax Consultation. The Optionee understands that the Optionee may
suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of the Optionee's purchase or
disposition of the Shares. The Optionee represents that the Optionee has
consulted with any tax consultants the Optionee deems advisable in connection
with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that the Optionee is not
relying on the Company for any tax advice.

 4. Binding Effect. The Optionee agrees that the Shares are being
acquired in accordance with and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions
of the Plan and the Option Agreement, to all of which the Optionee hereby
expressly assents. This Agreement, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute
the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior
undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Optionee with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

SUBMITTED BY: ACCEPTED BY:

___________________________________ WEBSIDESTORY, INC.
Optionee

 By: ___________________________________
Address: __________________________ Name: _________________________________
 __________________________ Its: __________________________________

 EXERCISE NOTICE PAGE 1

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.6A>
 6
 v37326exv10w6a.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6A

exv10w6a 

Exhibit 10.6A 

VISUAL SCIENCES, INC. 

2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 

FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE AND 
RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 

Visual Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc. (the
 Company ), pursuant to its 2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the
individual listed below Participant ), the right to purchase the number of shares of the
Company s Stock set forth below (the Shares at the purchase price set forth below. This
Restricted Stock award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the
Restricted Stock Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Restricted Stock
Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined
herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and
the Restricted Stock Agreement.

Participant: 

to be completed 

Grant Date: 

to be completed 

Purchase Price per Share: 

to be completed 

Total Number of Shares of Restricted
Stock: 

to be completed 

Vesting Schedule: 

to be completed 

By his or her signature, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the
Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Grant Notice. Participant has reviewed the Restricted
Stock Agreement, the Plan and this Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain
the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of
this Grant Notice, the Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan. Participant hereby agrees to
accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator of
the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Restricted Stock
Agreement. If Participant is married, his or her spouse has signed the Consent of Spouse attached
to this Grant Notice as Exhibit B .

VISUAL SCIENCES, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

By:

By: 

Print Name:

Print Name: 

Title:

Address: 
 
 10182 Telesis Court, 6 th Floor 
San Diego, CA 92121 
 
 Address: 

GRANT NOTICE PAGE 1

EXHIBIT A 

TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice Grant Notice to which this Restricted
Stock Award Agreement (this Agreement is attached, Visual Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation
formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company ), has granted to Participant the right to
purchase the number of shares of Restricted Stock under the Company s 2004 Equity Incentive Award
Plan (the Plan indicated in the Grant Notice.

ARTICLE I 

GENERAL 

1.1 Defined Terms . Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the
meanings specified in the Plan and the Grant Notice.

1.2 Incorporation of Terms of Plan . The Shares are subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan which are incorporated herein by reference.

ARTICLE II 

GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK 

2.1 Grant of Restricted Stock . In consideration of Participant s past and/or
continued employment with or service to the Company or a Subsidiary and for other good and valuable
consideration, effective as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ), the
Company irrevocably grants to Participant the right to purchase the number of shares of Stock set
forth in the Grant Notice (the Shares ), upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and
this Agreement.

2.2 Purchase Price . The purchase price per Share (the Purchase Price shall be as
set forth in the Grant Notice, without commission or other charge. The payment of the Purchase
Price shall be paid by cash or check.

2.3 Issuance of Shares . The issuance of the Shares under this Agreement shall occur
at the principal office of the Company, upon payment of the Purchase Price by Participant,
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement by the parties (the Issuance Date ). Subject
to the provisions of Article IV below, on the Issuance Date, the Company shall issue the Shares
(which shall be issued in Participant s name).

2.4 Conditions to Issuance of Stock Certificates . The Shares, or any portion thereof,
may be either previously authorized but unissued shares or issued shares which have then been
reacquired by the Company. Such Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The Company shall
not be required to issue or deliver any Shares prior to fulfillment of all of the following
conditions:

(a) The admission of such Shares to listing on all stock exchanges on which such Stock is then
listed; and

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PAGE 1

(b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares under any state
or federal law or under rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or of any
other governmental regulatory body, which the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, deem
necessary or advisable; and

(c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental
agency which the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or
advisable; and

(d) The receipt by the Company of full payment for such shares, including payment of all
amounts which, under federal, state, local or foreign tax law, the Company (or other employer
corporation) is required to withhold upon issuance of such Shares; and

(e) The lapse of such reasonable period of time following the Issuance Date as the
Administrator may from time to time establish for reasons of administrative convenience.

2.5 Rights as Stockholder . Except as otherwise provided herein, upon delivery of the
Shares to the escrow holder pursuant to Article IV, Participant shall have all the rights of a
stockholder with respect to said Shares, subject to the restrictions herein, including the right to
vote the Shares and to receive all dividends or other distributions paid or made with respect to
the Shares; provided, however, that any and all cash dividends paid on such Shares and any and all
shares of Stock, capital stock or other securities received by or distributed to Participant with
respect to the Shares as a result of any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split,
recapitalization, combination, reclassification, or similar change in the capital structure of the
Company shall also be subject to the Repurchase Option (as defined in Section 3.1 below) and the
restrictions on transfer in Section 3.4 below until such restrictions on the underlying Shares
lapse or are removed pursuant to this Agreement.

2.6 Consideration to the Company . In consideration of the issuance of the Shares by
the Company, Participant agrees to render faithful and efficient services to the Company or any
Subsidiary. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to (a)
continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any
way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which are hereby expressly reserved, to
discharge Participant, if Participant is an Employee, at any time for any reason whatsoever, with
or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between
the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant, or (b) continue to provide services to the Company or
any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, which are hereby expressly reserved, to terminate the services of Participant, if
Participant is a consultant, at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except
to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a
Subsidiary and Participant, or (c) continue to serve as a member of the Board or shall interfere
with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which are hereby expressly reserved, to
discharge Participant in accordance with the Company s Bylaws.

ARTICLE III 

RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES 

3.1 Repurchase Option . Subject to the provisions of Section 3.2 below, if Participant
has a Termination of Service (as defined below) before all of the Shares are released from the
Company s Repurchase Option (as defined below), the Company shall, upon the date of such
Termination of Service (as reasonably fixed and determined by the Company), have an irrevocable,
exclusive option, but not the obligation, for a period of ninety days after the date Participant
has a Termination of Service, to

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PAGE 2

repurchase all or any portion of the Unreleased Shares (as defined below in Section 3.3) at
such time (the Repurchase Option at the Purchase Price per Share (the Repurchase Price ). The
Repurchase Option shall lapse and terminate ninety days after the Participant s Termination of
Service. The Repurchase Option shall be exercisable by the Company by written notice to
Participant or Participant s executor (with a copy to the escrow agent appointed pursuant to
Section 4.1 below) and, at the Company s option, by delivery to Participant or Participant s
executor with such notice of payment in cash or a check in the amount of the Repurchase Price times
the number of Shares to be repurchased (the Aggregate Repurchase Price ). Upon delivery of such
notice and the payment of the Aggregate Repurchase Price, the Company shall become the legal and
beneficial owner of the Shares being repurchased and all rights and interests therein or relating
thereto, and the Company shall have the right to retain and transfer to its own name the number of
Shares being repurchased by the Company. In the event the Company repurchases any Shares under this
Section 3.1, any dividends or other distributions paid on such Shares and held by the escrow agent
pursuant to Section 4.1 and the Joint Escrow Instructions shall be promptly paid by the escrow
agent to the Company.

3.2 Release of Shares from Repurchase Restriction . The Shares shall be released from
the Company s Repurchase Option on such dates and in such amounts as the Shares become vested in
accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. Any of the Shares released from
the Company s Repurchase Option shall thereupon be released from the restrictions on transfer under
Section 3.4. In the event any of the Shares are released from the Company s Repurchase Option, any
dividends or other distributions paid on such Shares and held by the escrow agent pursuant to
Section 4.1 and the Joint Escrow Instructions shall be promptly paid by the escrow agent to
Participant.

3.3 Unreleased Shares . Any of the Shares which, from time to time, have not yet been
released from the Company s Repurchase Option are referred to herein as Unreleased Shares . 

3.4 Restrictions on Transfer .

(a) Subject to repurchase by the Company pursuant to Section 3.1 and Section 3.4(b), no
Unreleased Shares or any dividends or other distributions thereon or any interest or right therein
or part thereof, shall be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of Participant or his or
her successors in interest or shall be subject to sale or other disposition by Participant or his
or her successors in interest by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance,
assignment or any other means whether such sale or other disposition be voluntary or involuntary or
by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable
proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted sale or other disposition thereof shall be
null and void and of no effect.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, with the consent of the
Administrator, the Unreleased Shares may be transferred to certain persons or entities related to
the Participant, including but not limited to members of the Participant s family, charitable
institutes or trusts or other entities whose beneficiaries or beneficial owners are members of the
Participant s family or to such other persons or entities as may be expressly approved by the
Committee (each a Permitted Transferee ), pursuant to such conditions and procedures as the
Committee may require. Any permitted transfer will be subject to the condition that the Committee
receive evidence satisfactory to it that the transfer is being made for estate and/or tax planning
purposes (or to a blind trust in connection with the Participant s Termination of Service with
the Company or a Subsidiary to assume a position with a governmental, charitable, educational or
similar non-profit institution) and on a basis consistent with the Company s lawful issue of
securities.

3.5 Definition of Termination of Service . For purposes of this Agreement,
 Termination of Service means the time when the service relationship (whether as an Employee,
Director or a consultant)

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PAGE 3

between Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or
without cause, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge,
death or Disability; but excluding (i) a termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment or
continuing employment or consultancy of Participant by the Company or any Subsidiary or a parent
corporation of the Company (within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code), (ii) at the discretion
of the Committee, a termination which results in a temporary severance of the employee-employer
relationship, and (iii) at the discretion of the Committee, a termination which is followed by the
simultaneous establishment of a consulting relationship by the Company or a Subsidiary with a
former Employee. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all
matters and questions relating to Termination of Service for the purposes of this Agreement, and
all questions of whether a particular leave of absence for a Participant who is an Employee of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries constitutes a Termination of Service. Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan or this Agreement, the Company or any Subsidiary has an absolute and
unrestricted right to terminate Participant s employment and/or consultancy at any time for any
reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a
written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant.

ARTICLE IV 

ESCROW OF SHARES 

4.1 Escrow of Shares . To ensure the availability for delivery of Participant s
Unreleased Shares upon repurchase by the Company pursuant to the Repurchase Option under Section
3.1, Participant hereby appoints the Secretary of the Company, or any other person designated by
the Administrator as escrow agent, as his or her attorney-in-fact to assign and transfer unto the
Company, such Unreleased Shares, if any, repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Repurchase
Option pursuant to Section 3.1 and any dividends or other distributions thereon, and shall, upon
execution of this Agreement, deliver and deposit with the Secretary of the Company, or such other
person designated by the Administrator, any share certificates representing the Unreleased Shares,
together with the stock assignment duly endorsed in blank, attached as Exhibit C to the
Grant Notice. The Unreleased Shares and stock assignment shall be held by the Secretary of the
Company, or such other person designated by the Administrator, in escrow, pursuant to the Joint
Escrow Instructions of the Company and Participant attached as Exhibit D to the Grant
Notice, until the Company exercises its Repurchase Option as provided in Section 3.1, until such
Unreleased Shares are released from the Company s Repurchase Option, or until such time as this
Agreement no longer is in effect. Upon release of the Unreleased Shares from the Company s
Repurchase Option, the escrow agent shall deliver to Participant the certificate or certificates
representing such Shares in the escrow agent s possession belonging to Participant in accordance
with the terms of the Joint Escrow Instructions attached as Exhibit D to the Grant Notice,
and the escrow agent shall be discharged of all further obligations hereunder. If the Shares are
held in book entry form, then such entry will reflect that the Shares are subject to the
restrictions of this Agreement. If any dividends or other distributions are paid on the Unreleased
Shares held by the escrow agent pursuant to this Section 4.1 and the Joint Escrow Instructions,
such dividends or other distributions shall also be subject to the restrictions set forth in this
Agreement and held in escrow pending release of the Unreleased Shares with respect to which such
dividends or other distributions were paid from the Company s Repurchase Option.

4.2 Transfer of Repurchased Shares . Participant hereby authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Company, or such other person designated by the Administrator, to transfer the
Unreleased Shares as to which the Repurchase Option has been exercised from Participant to the
Company.

4.3 No Liability for Actions in Connection with Escrow . The Company, or its designee,
shall not be liable for any act it may do or omit to do with respect to holding the Shares in
escrow and while acting in good faith and in the exercise of its judgment.

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PAGE 4

ARTICLE V 

OTHER PROVISIONS 

5.1 Adjustment for Stock Split . In the event of any stock dividend, stock split,
reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, or similar change in the
capital structure of the Company, the Committee shall make appropriate and equitable adjustments in
the Unreleased Shares subject to the Repurchase Option and the number of Shares, consistent with
any adjustment under Section 11.1 of the Plan. The provisions of this Agreement shall apply, to
the full extent set forth herein with respect to the Shares, to any and all shares of capital stock
or other securities or other property or cash which may be issued in respect of, in exchange for,
or in substitution of the Shares, and shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividends,
splits, reverse splits, combinations, recapitalizations and the like occurring after the date
hereof.

5.2 Taxes . Participant has reviewed with Participant s own tax advisors the federal,
state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by
the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any
statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Participant understands that
Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participant s tax liability that may
arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Participant understands that Participant will recognize ordinary income for federal income tax
purposes under Section 83 of the Code as and when the Repurchase Option lapses. Participant
understands that Participant may elect to be taxed for federal income tax purposes at the time the
Shares are purchased by Participant rather than as and when the Repurchase Option lapses by filing
an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30)
days from the date of purchase. A form of election under Section 83(b) of the Code is attached to
the Grant Notice as Exhibit E .

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS PARTICIPANT S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND NOT THE COMPANY S TO
TIMELY FILE THE ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b), AND THE COMPANY AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES SHALL HAVE NO
OBLIGATION OR AUTHORITY TO MAKE THIS FILING ON PARTICIPANT S BEHALF.

5.3 Administration . The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this
Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the
Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith shall be
final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the
Committee shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good
faith with respect to the Plan, this Agreement or the Shares. In its absolute discretion, the Board
may at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the Committee under
the Plan and this Agreement.

5.4 Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Orders .

(a) Any share certificate(s) evidencing the Shares issued hereunder shall be endorsed with the
following legend and any other legends that may be required by state or federal securities laws:

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A RIGHT OF REPURCHASE IN
FAVOR OF THE COMPANY AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PAGE 5

AND THE STOCKHOLDER, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY.

(b) Participant agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to
herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if
any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to
the same effect in its own records.

(c) The Company shall not be required: (i) to transfer on its books any Shares that have been
sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement, or (ii) to
treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or
other transferee to whom such shares shall have been so transferred.

5.5 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company
shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the address given
beneath the signature of an authorized officer of the Company on the Grant Notice, and any notice
to be given to Participant shall be addressed to Participant at the address given beneath
Participant s signature on the Grant Notice. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 5.5,
either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party.
Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return
receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office
regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service.

5.6 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a
basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

5.7 Construction . This Agreement shall be administered, interpreted and enforced
under the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. Should any
provision of this Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, the
other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain enforceable.

5.8 Conformity to Securities Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended
to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder, and state securities laws and regulations. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Shares are to be issued, only in such a manner as
to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws,
rules and regulations.

5.9 Amendments . This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by
an instrument in writing, signed by Participant and by a duly authorized representative of the
Company.

5.10 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this
Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the
successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth,
this Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns.

5.11 Entire Agreement . The Plan and this Agreement (including all Exhibits hereto)
constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior
undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT PAGE 6

EXHIBIT B 

TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 

CONSENT OF SPOUSE 

I, , spouse of , have read and approve the foregoing Restricted Stock
Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the Agreement ). In consideration of issuing
to my spouse the shares of the common stock of Visual Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation
formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company ), set forth in the Agreement, I hereby appoint
my spouse as my attorney-in-fact in respect to the exercise of any rights under the Agreement and
agree to be bound by the provisions of the Agreement insofar as I may have any rights in said
Agreement or any shares of the common stock of the Company issued pursuant thereto under the
community property laws or similar laws relating to marital property in effect in the state of our
residence as of the date of the signing of the foregoing Agreement.

Dated: , 

Signature of Spouse 

EXHIBIT C 

TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 

STOCK ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, , hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto Visual
Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company ),
 shares of the common stock of the Company standing in its name on the books of said
corporation represented by Certificate No. herewith and do hereby irrevocably constitute and
appoint to transfer the said stock on the books of the within named
corporation with full power of substitution in the premises.

This Stock Assignment may be used only in accordance with the Restricted Stock Award Agreement
between the Company and the undersigned dated .

Dated: , 

Name 

INSTRUCTIONS: Please do not fill in the blanks other than the signature line. The purpose of
this assignment is to enable the Company to exercise its Repurchase Option, as set forth in the
Restricted Stock Award Agreement, without requiring additional signatures on the part of
Participant.

EXHIBIT D 

TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 

JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 

Insert Date 

Secretary 
Visual Sciences, Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

As escrow agent (the Escrow Agent for both Visual Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation
formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company ), and the undersigned recipient of shares of
common stock of the Company (the Participant ), you are hereby authorized and directed to hold in
escrow the documents delivered to you pursuant to the terms of that certain Restricted Stock Award
Agreement Agreement between the Company and the undersigned (the Escrow ), including the stock
certificate and the Stock Assignment, in accordance with the following instructions:

1. In the event the Company and/or any assignee of the Company (referred to collectively for
convenience herein as the Company exercises the Repurchase Option as defined in the Agreement),
the Company shall give to Participant and you a written notice specifying the number of shares of
stock to be purchased, the purchase price and the time for a closing hereunder at the principal
office of the Company. Participant and the Company hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to
close the transaction contemplated by such notice in accordance with the terms of said notice.

2. As of the date of closing of the repurchase indicated in such notice, you are directed (a)
to date the stock assignments necessary for the repurchase and transfer in question, (b) to fill in
the number of shares being repurchased and transferred, and (c) to deliver the same, together with
the certificate evidencing the shares of stock to be repurchased and transferred, to the Company or
its assignee.

3. Participant irrevocably authorizes the Company to deposit with you any certificates
evidencing shares of stock to be held by you hereunder and any additions and substitutions to said
shares as defined in the Agreement. Participant does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint you
as Participant s attorney-in-fact and agent for the term of this escrow to execute with respect to
such securities all documents necessary or appropriate to make such securities negotiable and to
complete any transaction herein contemplated, including but not limited to the filing with any
applicable state blue sky authority of any required applications for consent to, or notice of
transfer of, the securities. Subject to the provisions of this paragraph and the Agreement,
Participant shall exercise all rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company while the
stock is held by you.

4. Upon written request of Participant, but no more than once per calendar month, unless the
Company s Repurchase Option has been exercised, you will deliver to Participant a certificate or
certificates representing so many shares of stock as are not then subject to the Repurchase Option.
Within one hundred twenty days after the termination of the Company s Repurchase Option in
accordance with the terms of the Agreement, you will deliver to Participant a certificate or
certificates representing the aggregate number of shares held or issued pursuant to the Agreement
and not repurchased pursuant to the Repurchase Option set forth in Section 3.1 of the Agreement.

JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS PAGE 1

5. If at the time of termination of this escrow you should have in your possession any
documents, securities, or other property belonging to Participant, you shall deliver all of the
same to the Participant and shall be discharged of all further obligations hereunder.

6. Your duties hereunder may be altered, amended, modified or revoked only by a writing signed
by all of the parties hereto.

7. You shall be obligated only for the performance of such duties as are specifically set
forth herein and may rely and shall be protected in relying or refraining from acting on any
instrument reasonably believed by you to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the
proper party or parties. You shall not be personally liable for any act you may do or omit to do
hereunder as Escrow Agent or as attorney-in-fact for Participant while acting in good faith, and
any act done or omitted by you pursuant to the advice of your own (or the Company s) attorneys
shall be conclusive evidence of such good faith.

8. You are hereby expressly authorized to disregard any and all warnings given by any of the
parties hereto or by any other person or corporation, excepting only orders or process of courts of
law and are hereby expressly authorized to comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any
court. In case you obey or comply with any such order, judgment or decree, you shall not be liable
to any of the parties hereto or to any other person, firm or corporation by reason of such
compliance, notwithstanding any such order, judgment or decree being subsequently reversed,
modified, annulled, set aside, vacated or found to have been entered without jurisdiction.

9. You shall not be liable in any respect on account of the identity, authorities or rights of
the parties executing or delivering or purporting to execute or deliver the Agreement or any
documents or papers deposited or called for hereunder.

10. You shall not be liable for the expiration of any rights under any applicable state,
federal or local statute of limitations or similar statute or regulation with respect to these
Joint Escrow Instructions or any documents deposited with you.

11. You shall be entitled to employ such legal counsel and other experts as you may deem
necessary properly to advise you in connection with your obligations hereunder, may rely upon the
advice of such counsel, and may pay such counsel reasonable compensation therefor. The Company will
reimburse you for any reasonable attorneys fees with respect thereto.

12. Your responsibilities as Escrow Agent hereunder shall terminate if you shall cease to be
an officer or agent of the Company or if you shall resign by written notice to each party. In the
event of any such termination, the Company shall appoint a successor Escrow Agent.

13. If you reasonably require other or further instruments in connection with these Joint
Escrow Instructions or obligations in respect hereto, the necessary parties hereto shall join in
furnishing such instruments.

14. It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect to the delivery
and/or ownership or right of possession of the securities held by you hereunder, you are authorized
and directed to retain in your possession without liability to anyone all or any part of said
securities until such disputes shall have been settled either by mutual written agreement of the
parties concerned or by a final order, decree or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
after the time for appeal has expired and no

JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS PAGE 2

appeal has been perfected, but you shall be under no duty whatsoever to institute or defend
any such proceedings.

15. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed
to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company, and any notice to be given to the
Participant or you shall be addressed to the address given beneath Participant s and your
signatures on the signature page to this Agreement. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 15,
any party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any
notice, which is required to be given to Participant, shall, if the Participant is then deceased,
be given to Participant s designated beneficiary, if any, by written notice under this Section 15.
Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return
receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office
regularly obtained by the United States Postal Service.

16. By signing these Joint Escrow Instructions, you become a party hereto only for the purpose
of said Joint Escrow Instructions; you do not become a party to the Agreement.

17. This instrument shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and
their respective successors and permitted assigns.

18. These Joint Escrow Instructions shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law thereof.

(Signature Page Follows)

JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS PAGE 3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed these Joint Escrow Instructions as of the date
first written above.

Very truly yours, 
 
 VISUAL SCIENCES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

10182 Telesis Court, 6 th Floor 
San Diego, CA 92121 

PARTICIPANT: 

Address 

ESCROW AGENT: 

By:

Secretary, Visual Sciences, Inc.

Address: 
 
 10182 Telesis Court, 6 th Floor 
San Diego, CA 92121 

EXHIBIT E 

TO RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NOTICE 

FORM OF 83(B) ELECTION AND INSTRUCTIONS 

These instructions are provided to assist you if you choose to make an election under Section
83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, with respect to the shares of common stock of
Visual Sciences, Inc. transferred to you. Please consult with your personal tax advisor as to
whether an election of this nature will be in your best interests in light of your personal tax
situation. 

The executed original of the Section 83(b) election must be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service not later than thirty days after the date the shares were transferred to you. PLEASE NOTE:
There is no remedy for failure to file on time. The steps outlined below should be followed to
ensure the election is mailed and filed correctly and in a timely manner. ALSO, PLEASE NOTE: If
you make the Section 83(b) election, the election is irrevocable.

1. 
 
 Complete Section 83(b) election form (attached as Attachment 1 and make four copies
of the signed election form. (Your spouse, if any, should sign Section 83(b) election form as
well.) 

2. 
 
 Prepare the cover letter to the Internal Revenue Service (sample letter attached as
 Attachment 2 ). 

3. 
 
 Send the cover letter with the originally executed Section 83(b) election form and one copy
via certified mail, return receipt requested to the Internal Revenue Service at the address of
the Internal Revenue Service where you file your personal tax returns. We suggest that you
have the package date-stamped at the post office. The post office will provide you with a
white certified receipt that includes a dated postmark. Enclose a self-addressed, stamped
envelope so that the Internal Revenue Service may return a date-stamped copy to you. However,
your postmarked receipt is your proof of having timely filed the Section 83(b) election if you
do not receive confirmation from the Internal Revenue Service. 

4. 
 
 One copy must be sent to Visual Sciences, Inc. for its records and one copy must be attached
to your federal income tax return for the applicable calendar year. 

5. Retain the Internal Revenue Service file stamped copy (when returned) for your records.

Please consult your personal tax advisor for the address of the office of the Internal Revenue
Service to which you should mail your election form.

ATTACHMENT 1 TO EXHIBIT E 

ELECTION UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE CODE SECTION 83(B) 

The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, to include in taxpayer s gross income for the current taxable year the amount
of any compensation taxable to taxpayer in connection with taxpayer s receipt of shares (the
 Shares of Common Stock of Visual Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as
WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company ).

1. 
 
 The name, address and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned taxpayer are: 

SSN: 

The name, address and taxpayer identification number of the Taxpayer s spouse are (complete
if applicable): 

SSN: 

2. 
 
 Description of the property with respect to which the election is being made: 

shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

3. 
 
 The date on which the property was transferred was . The taxable year to which
this election relates is calendar year . 

4. 
 
 Nature of restrictions to which the property is subject: 

The Shares are subject to repurchase at their original purchase price if unvested as of the
date of termination of employment, directorship or consultancy with the Company. 

5. 
 
 The fair market value at the time of transfer (determined without regard to any lapse
restrictions, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.83-3(a)) of the Shares was
 per Share. 

6. 
 
 The amount paid by the taxpayer for the Shares was per share. 

7. 
 
 A copy of this statement has been furnished to the Company. 

Dated: , ____ Taxpayer Signature 

The undersigned spouse of Taxpayer joins in this election. (Complete if applicable).

Dated: , ____ Spouse s Signature 

ATTACHMENT 2 TO EXHIBIT E 

SAMPLE COVER LETTER TO INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 

, 

VIA CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 

Internal Revenue Service 
 Address where taxpayer files returns 

Re: 
 
 Election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 

Taxpayer: 

Taxpayer s Social Security Number: 

Taxpayer s Spouse: 

Taxpayer s Spouse s Social Security Number: 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Enclosed please find an original and one copy of an Election under Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, being made by the taxpayer referenced above. Please
acknowledge receipt of the enclosed materials by stamping the enclosed copy of the Election and
returning it to me in the self-addressed stamped envelope provided herewith.

Very truly yours, 

Enclosures

cc: Visual Sciences, Inc.

</EX-10.6A>

<EX-10.7>
 7
 v37326exv10w7.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 10.7

 AVIVO CORPORATION

 1999 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

 AS ADOPTED ON DECEMBER 15, 1999

 1. PURPOSE. The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives to
attract, retain and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential
contributions are important to the success of the Company, its Parent and
Subsidiaries, by offering them an opportunity to participate in the Company's
future performance through awards of Options and Restricted Stock. Capitalized
terms not defined in the text are defined in Section 22 hereof. This Plan is
intended to be a written compensatory benefit plan within the meaning of Rule
701 promulgated under the Securities Act.

 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

2.1 Number of Shares Available. Subject to Sections 2.2 and 17 hereof, the
total number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to
this Plan will be 705,833 Shares or such lesser number of Shares as permitted
under Section 260.140.45 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations.
Subject to Sections 2.2, 5.10 and 17 hereof, Shares subject to Awards previously
granted will again be available for grant and issuance in connection with future
Awards under this Plan to the extent such Shares: (i) cease to be subject to
issuance upon exercise of an Option, other than due to exercise of such Option;
(ii) are subject to an Award granted hereunder but the Shares subject to such
Award are forfeited or repurchased by the Company at the original issue price;
or (iii) are subject to an Award that otherwise terminates without Shares being
issued. At all times the Company will reserve and keep available a sufficient
number of Shares as will be required to satisfy the requirements of all Awards
granted and outstanding under this Plan.

 2.2 Adjustment of Shares. In the event that the number of
outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock is changed by a stock dividend,
recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination,
reclassification or similar change in the capital structure of the Company
without consideration, then (i) the number of Shares reserved for issuance under
this Plan, (ii) the Exercise Prices of and number of Shares subject to
outstanding Options and (iii) the Purchase Prices of and number of Shares
subject to other outstanding Awards will be proportionately adjusted, subject to
any required action by the Board or the shareholders of the Company and
compliance with applicable securities laws; provided, however, that fractions of
a Share will not be issued but will either be paid in cash at the Fair Market
Value of such fraction of a Share or will be rounded down to the nearest whole
Share, as determined by the Committee.

 3. ELIGIBILITY. ISOs (as defined in Section 5 hereof) may be granted
only to employees (including officers and directors who are also employees) of
the Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. NQSOs (as defined in
Section 5 hereof) and Restricted Stock Awards may be granted to employees,
officers, directors and consultants of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary
of the Company; provided such consultants render bona fide services

 1

not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising
transaction. A person may be granted more than one Award under this Plan.

 4. ADMINISTRATION.

 4.1 Committee Authority. This Plan will be administered by the
Committee or the Board if no Committee is created by the Board. Subject to the
general purposes, terms and conditions of this Plan, and to the direction of the
Board, the Committee will have full power to implement and carry out this Plan.
Without limitation, the Committee will have the authority to:

 (a) construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement and any
 other agreement or document executed pursuant to this Plan;

 (b) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to
 this Plan;

 (c) approve persons to receive Awards;

 (d) determine the form and terms of Awards;

 (e) determine the number of Shares or other consideration subject
 to Awards;

 (f) determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in
 combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as
 alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or awards under
 any other incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any
 Parent or Subsidiary of the Company;

 (g) grant waivers of any conditions of this Plan or any Award;

 (h) determine the terms of vesting, exercisability and payment of
 Awards;

 (i) correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any
 inconsistency in this Plan, any Award, any Award Agreement,
 any Exercise Agreement or any Restricted Stock Purchase
 Agreement;

 (j) determine whether an Award has been earned;

 (k) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the
 administration of this Plan; and

 (l) extend the vesting period beyond a Participant's Termination
 Date.

 4.2 Committee Discretion. Unless in contravention of any express
terms of this Plan or Award, any determination made by the Committee with
respect to any Award will be made in its sole discretion either (i) at the time
of grant of the Award, or (ii) subject to Section 5.9 hereof, at any later time.
Any such determination will be final and binding on the Company and on all
persons having an interest in any Award under this Plan. The Committee may
delegate to one or more officers of the Company the authority to grant an Award
under this Plan, provided such officer or officers are members of the Board.

 5. OPTIONS. The Committee may grant Options to eligible persons
described in Section 3 hereof and will determine whether such Options will be
Incentive Stock Options within

 2

the meaning of the Code ("ISOS") or Nonqualified Stock Options ("NQSOS"), the
number of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the
period during which the Option may be exercised, and all other terms and
conditions of the Option, subject to the following:

 5.1 Form of Option Grant. Each Option granted under this Plan will
be evidenced by an Award Agreement which will expressly identify the Option as
an ISO or an NQSO ("STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT"), and will be in such form and
contain such provisions (which need not be the same for each Participant) as the
Committee may from time to time approve, and which will comply with and be
subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan.

 5.2 Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option will be the date
on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such Option, unless a
later date is otherwise specified by the Committee. The Stock Option Agreement
and a copy of this Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable
time after the granting of the Option.

 5.3 Exercise Period. Options may be exercisable immediately but
subject to repurchase pursuant to Section 11 hereof or may be exercisable within
the times or upon the events determined by the Committee as set forth in the
Stock Option Agreement governing such Option; provided, however, that no Option
will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the
Option is granted; and provided further that no ISO granted to a person who
directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10 of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Parent or
Subsidiary of the Company ("TEN PERCENT SHAREHOLDER") will be exercisable after
the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee
also may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from time to
time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or percentage of
Shares as the Committee determines. Subject to earlier termination of the Option
as provided herein, each Participant who is not an officer, director or
consultant of the Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company shall have
the right to exercise an Option granted hereunder at the rate of no less than
twenty percent (20 per year over five (5) years from the date such Option is
granted.

 5.4 Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of an Option will be
determined by the Committee when the Option is granted and may not be less than
eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of
grant; provided that (i) the Exercise Price of an ISO will not be less than one
hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of
grant and (ii) the Exercise Price of any Option granted to a Ten Percent
Shareholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair
Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. Payment for the Shares
purchased must be made in accordance with Section 7 hereof.

 5.5 Method of Exercise. Options may be exercised only by delivery
to the Company of a written stock option exercise agreement (the "EXERCISE
AGREEMENT") in a form approved by the Committee (which need not be the same for
each Participant). The Exercise Agreement will state (i) the number of Shares
being purchased, (ii) the restrictions imposed on the Shares purchased under
such Exercise Agreement, if any, and (iii) such representations and agreements
regarding Participant's investment intent and access to information and other
matters, if any, as may be required or desirable by the Company to comply with
applicable securities laws. Participant shall execute and deliver to the Company
the Exercise Agreement together

 3

with payment in full of the Exercise Price, and any applicable taxes, for the
number of Shares being purchased.

 5.6 Termination. Subject to earlier termination pursuant to
Sections 17 and 18 hereof and notwithstanding the exercise periods set forth in
the Stock Option Agreement, exercise of an Option will always be subject to the
following:

 (a) If the Participant is Terminated for any reason other than
 death, Disability or for Cause, then the Participant may
 exercise such Participant's Options only to the extent that
 such Options are exercisable upon the Termination Date or as
 otherwise determined by the Committee. Such Options must be
 exercised by the Participant, if at all, as to all or some of
 the Vested Shares calculated as of the Termination Date or
 such other date determined by the Committee, within three (3)
 months after the Termination Date (or within such shorter time
 period, not less than thirty (30) days, or within such longer
 time period, not exceeding five (5) years, after the
 Termination Date as may be determined by the Committee, with
 any exercise beyond three (3) months after the Termination
 Date deemed to be an NQSO) but in any event, no later than the
 expiration date of the Options.

 (b) If the Participant is Terminated because of Participant's
 death or Disability (or the Participant dies within three (3)
 months after a Termination other than for Cause), then
 Participant's Options may be exercised only to the extent that
 such Options are exercisable by Participant on the Termination
 Date or as otherwise determined by the Committee. Such options
 must be exercised by Participant (or Participant's legal
 representative or authorized assignee), if at all, as to all
 or some of the Vested Shares calculated as of the Termination
 Date or such other date determined by the Committee, within
 twelve (12) months after the Termination Date (or within such
 shorter time period, not less than six (6) months, or within
 such longer time period, not exceeding five (5) years, after
 the Termination Date as may be determined by the Committee,
 with any exercise beyond (i) three (3) months after the
 Termination Date when the Termination is for any reason other
 than the Participant's death or disability, within the meaning
 of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or (ii) twelve (12) months
 after the Termination Date when the Termination is for
 Participant's disability, within the meaning of Section
 22(e)(3) of the Code, deemed to be an NQSO) but in any event
 no later than the expiration date of the Options.

 (c) If the Participant is terminated for Cause, then Participant's
 Options shall expire on such Participant's Termination Date,
 or at such later time and on such conditions as are determined
 by the Committee.

 5.7 Limitations on Exercise. The Committee may specify a
reasonable minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of an
Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent Participant from
exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for which it is then
exercisable.

 4

5.8 Limitations on ISOs. The aggregate Fair Market Value
(determined as of the date of grant) of Shares with respect to which ISOs are
exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year (under
this Plan or under any other incentive stock option plan of the Company or any
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company) will not exceed One Hundred Thousand
Dollars 100,000). If the Fair Market Value of Shares on the date of grant with
respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during
any calendar year exceeds One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000), then the
Options for the first One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) worth of Shares to
become exercisable in such calendar year will be ISOs and the Options for the
amount in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) that become
exercisable in that calendar year will be NQSOs. In the event that the Code or
the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the Effective Date (as
defined in Section 18 hereof) to provide for a different limit on the Fair
Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, then such different
limit will be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options
granted after the effective date of such amendment.

 5.9 Modification, Extension or Renewal. The Committee may modify,
extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of new Options in
substitution therefor, provided that any such action may not, without the
written consent of a Participant, impair any of such Participant's rights under
any Option previously granted. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended,
renewed or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h)
of the Code. Subject to Section 5.10 hereof, the Committee may reduce the
Exercise Price of outstanding Options without the consent of Participants by a
written notice to them; provided, however, that the Exercise Price may not be
reduced below the minimum Exercise Price that would be permitted under Section
5.4 hereof for Options granted on the date the action is taken to reduce the
Exercise Price.

 5.10 No Disqualification. Notwithstanding any other provision in
this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be interpreted, amended or
altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under this Plan be
exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under Section 422 of the Code or,
without the consent of the Participant, to disqualify any Participant's ISO
under Section 422 of the Code. In no event shall the total number of Shares
issued (counting each reissuance of a Share that was previously issued and then
forfeited or repurchased by the Company as a separate issuance) under the Plan
upon exercise of ISOs exceed 5,000,000 Shares (adjusted in proportion to any
adjustments under Section 2.2. hereof) over the term of the Plan.

 6. RESTRICTED STOCK. A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the
Company to sell to an eligible person Shares that are subject to certain
specified restrictions. The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be
made, the number of Shares the person may purchase, the Purchase Price, the
restrictions to which the Shares will be subject, and all other terms and
conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the following:

 6.1 Form of Restricted Stock Award. All purchases under a
Restricted Stock Award made pursuant to this Plan will be evidenced by an Award
Agreement ("RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT") that will be in such form
(which need not be the same for each Participant) as the Committee will from
time to time approve, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and
conditions of this Plan. The Restricted Stock Award will be accepted by the
Participant's execution and delivery of the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement
and full payment for the Shares to the Company within thirty (30) days from the
date the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement is delivered to the person. If such
person does not execute and deliver the

 5

Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement along with full payment for the Shares to
the Company within such thirty (30) days, then the offer will terminate, unless
otherwise determined by the Committee.

 6.2 Purchase Price. The Purchase Price of Shares sold pursuant to
a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and will be at
least eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the
date the Restricted Stock Award is granted or at the time the purchase is
consummated, except in the case of a sale to a Ten Percent Shareholder, in which
case the Purchase Price will be one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market
Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted or at the time the
purchase is consummated. Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in
accordance with Section 7 hereof.

 6.3 Restrictions. Restricted Stock Awards may be subject to the
restrictions set forth in Section 11 hereof or such other restrictions not
inconsistent with Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations Code.

 7. PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES.

 7.1 Payment. Payment for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan
may be made in cash (by check) or, where expressly approved for the Participant
by the Committee and where permitted by law:

 (a) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company owed to the
 Participant;

 (b) by surrender of shares that: (i) either (A) have been owned by
 Participant for more than six (6) months and have been paid
 for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144 (and, if such shares
 were purchased from the Company by use of a promissory note,
 such note has been fully paid with respect to such shares) or
 (B) were obtained by Participant in the public market and (ii)
 are clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances or security
 interests;

 (c) by tender of a full recourse promissory note having such terms
 as may be approved by the Committee and bearing interest at a
 rate sufficient to avoid imputation of income under Sections
 483 and 1274 of the Code; provided, however, that Participants
 who are not employees or directors of the Company will not be
 entitled to purchase Shares with a promissory note unless the
 note is adequately secured by collateral other than the
 Shares;

 (d) by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant
 from the Company for services rendered;

 (e) with respect only to purchases upon exercise of an Option, and
 provided that a public market for the Company's stock exists:

 (i) through a "same day sale" commitment from the
 Participant and a broker-dealer that is a member of the
 National Association of Securities Dealers (an "NASD
 DEALER") whereby the Participant irrevocably elects to
 exercise the Option and to sell a portion of the Shares
 so purchased sufficient to pay the total Exercise Price,
 and

 6

whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt
 of such Shares to forward the total Exercise Price
 directly to the Company; or

 (ii) through a "margin" commitment from the Participant and
 an NASD Dealer whereby the Participant irrevocably
 elects to exercise the Option and to pledge the Shares
 so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin account as
 security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount
 of the total Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer
 irrevocably commits upon receipt of such Shares to
 forward the total Exercise Price directly to the
 Company; or

 (f) by any combination of the foregoing.

 7.2 Loan Guarantees. The Committee may, in its sole discretion,
elect to assist the Participant in paying for Shares purchased under this Plan
by authorizing a guarantee by the Company of a third-party loan to the
Participant.

 8. WITHHOLDING TAXES.

 8.1 Withholding Generally. Whenever Shares are to be issued in
satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan, the Company may require the
Participant to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy federal,
state and local withholding tax requirements prior to the delivery of any
certificate or certificates for such Shares. Whenever, under this Plan, payments
in satisfaction of Awards are to be made in cash by the Company, such payment
will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local
withholding tax requirements.

 8.2 Stock Withholding. When, under applicable tax laws, a
Participant incurs tax liability in connection with the exercise or vesting of
any Award that is subject to tax withholding and the Participant is obligated to
pay the Company the amount required to be withheld, the Committee may in its
sole discretion allow the Participant to satisfy the minimum withholding tax
obligation by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued
that minimum number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum
amount required to be withheld, determined on the date that the amount of tax to
be withheld is to be determined; but in no event will the Company withhold
Shares if such withholding would result in adverse accounting consequences to
the Company. All elections by a Participant to have Shares withheld for this
purpose will be made in accordance with the requirements established by the
Committee for such elections and be in writing in a form acceptable to the
Committee.

 9. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP.

 9.1 Voting and Dividends. No Participant will have any of the
rights of a shareholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued
to the Participant. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant
will be a shareholder and have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to
such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other
distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares; provided, that if such
Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities
the Participant may become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by
virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or
capital structure of the Company will be subject to the same

 7

restrictions as the Restricted Stock. The Participant will have no right to
retain such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Unvested
Shares that are repurchased pursuant to Section 11 hereof. The Company will
comply with Section 260.140.1 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations
with respect to the voting rights of Common Stock.

 9.2 Financial Statements. The Company will provide financial
statements to each Participant annually during the period such Participant has
Awards outstanding, or as otherwise required under Section 260.140.46 of Title
10 of the California Code of Regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company will not be required to provide such financial statements to
Participants when issuance is limited to key employees whose services in
connection with the Company assure them access to equivalent information.

 10. TRANSFERABILITY. Awards granted under this Plan, and any interest
therein, will not be transferable or assignable by Participant, other than by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be made subject to
execution, attachment or similar process. During the lifetime of the Participant
an Award will be exercisable only by the Participant or Participant's legal
representative and any elections with respect to an Award may be made only by
the Participant or Participant's legal representative.

 11. RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES.

 11.1 Right of First Refusal. At the discretion of the Committee,
the Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) in the Award Agreement
a right of first refusal to purchase all Shares that a Participant (or a
subsequent transferee) may propose to transfer to a third party, unless
otherwise not permitted by Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations Code,
provided that such right of first refusal terminates upon the Company's initial
public offering of Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration statement
filed under the Securities Act.

 11.2 Right of Repurchase. At the discretion of the Committee, the
Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) in the Award Agreement a
right to repurchase Unvested Shares held by a Participant for cash and/or
cancellation of purchase money indebtedness owed to the Company by the
Participant following such Participant's Termination at any time within the
later of ninety (90) days after the Participant's Termination Date and the date
the Participant purchases Shares under the Plan at the Participant's Exercise
Price or Purchase Price, as the case may be, provided that, unless the
Participant is an officer, director or consultant of the Company or of a Parent
or Subsidiary of the Company, such right of repurchase lapses at the rate of no
less than twenty percent (20 per year over five (5) years from: (a) the date
of grant of the Option or (b) in the case of Restricted Stock, the date the
Participant purchases the Shares.

 12. CERTIFICATES. All certificates for Shares or other securities
delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer orders, legends
and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable,
including restrictions under any applicable federal, state or foreign securities
law, or any rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any stock
exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed or
quoted.

 13. ESCROW; PLEDGE OF SHARES. To enforce any restrictions on a
Participant's Shares set forth in Section 11 hereof, the Committee may require
the Participant to

 8

deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or
other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed
in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in
escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated. The Committee may
cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the
certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to execute a promissory note as
partial or full consideration for the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be
required to pledge and deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so
purchased as collateral to secure the payment of Participant's obligation to the
Company under the promissory note; provided, however, that the Committee may
require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the payment
of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse
against the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of
the Participant's Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of
the Shares, Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written pledge
agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time approve.

 14. EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS. The Committee may, at any time or
from time to time, authorize the Company, with the consent of the respective
Participants, to issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation
of any or all outstanding Awards. The Committee may at any time buy from a
Participant an Award previously granted with payment in cash, shares of Common
Stock of the Company (including Restricted Stock) or other consideration, based
on such terms and conditions as the Committee and the Participant may agree.

 15. SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE. This Plan is
intended to comply with Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations Code.
Any provision of this Plan which is inconsistent with Section 25102(o) shall,
without further act or amendment by the Company or the Board, be reformed to
comply with the requirements of Section 25102(o). An Award will not be effective
unless such Award is in compliance with all applicable federal and state
securities laws, rules and regulations of any governmental body, and the
requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the
Shares may then be listed or quoted, as they are in effect on the date of grant
of the Award and also on the date of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue
or deliver certificates for Shares under this Plan prior to (i) obtaining any
approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary
or advisable, and/or (ii) compliance with any exemption, completion of any
registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal
law or ruling of any governmental body that the Company determines to be
necessary or advisable. The Company will be under no obligation to register the
Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance with the exemption, registration,
qualification or listing requirements of any state securities laws, stock
exchange or automated quotation system, and the Company will have no liability
for any inability or failure to do so.

 16. NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY. Nothing in this Plan or any Award granted
under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any Participant any right
to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the
Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company or limit in any way the right
of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to terminate
Participant's employment or other relationship at any time, with or without
Cause.

 9

17. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.

 17.1 Change in Control. In the event of (i) a dissolution or
liquidation of the Company, (ii) a merger or consolidation in which the Company
is not the surviving corporation (other than a merger or consolidation with a
wholly-owned subsidiary, a reincorporation of the Company in a different
jurisdiction, or other transaction in which there is no substantial change in
the shareholders of the Company or their relative stock holdings and the Awards
granted under this Plan are assumed, converted or replaced by the successor or
acquiring corporation, which assumption, conversion or replacement will be
binding on all Participants), (iii) a merger in which the Company is the
surviving corporation but after which the shareholders of the Company
immediately prior to such merger (other than any shareholder which merges with
the Company in such merger, or which owns or controls another corporation which
merges with the Company in such merger) cease to own their shares or other
equity interests in the Company, or (iv) the sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company (each of the above events constitute a "Change of
Control Transaction"), then, with respect to each Award held by a Participant
which is outstanding immediately prior to such Change of Control Transaction and
which is not then vested with respect to any Shares and which does not vest
based upon satisfaction of performance criteria, unless the Award specifies
otherwise, effective immediately prior to such Change of Control Transaction
(the "Vesting Adjustment Date"), such Award shall be deemed as having vested
from the vesting commencement date until the Vesting Adjustment Date, and shall
continue to vest following the Vesting Adjustment Date and otherwise in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Award (such as, if applicable,
subject to Participant continuing to provide services to the Company or any
Subsidiary or Parent of the Company), as to 2.0833 of the Shares subject to
such Award for each full month following the vesting commencement date, until
the Award is vested as to 100 of the Shares subject to such Award. If the
application of the accelerated vesting or monthly percentage vesting upon such
Change of Control Transaction causes a fractional share, such share shall be
rounded down to the nearest whole share for each such period except for the last
month of the vesting period of the Award, at the end of which the Award shall
vest as to the full remainder of the Shares. In the event of a Change of Control
Transaction, any and all outstanding Awards may be (i) assumed, converted or
replaced by the successor or acquiring corporation (if any), which assumption,
conversion or replacement will be binding on all Participants. In the
alternative, the successor or acquiring corporation may substitute equivalent
Awards or provide substantially similar consideration to Participants as was
provided to shareholders (after taking into account the existing provisions of
the Awards). The successor or acquiring corporation may also substitute by
issuing, in place of outstanding Shares of the Company held by the Participant,
substantially similar shares or other property subject to repurchase
restrictions and other provisions no less favorable to the Participant than
those which applied to such outstanding Shares immediately prior to such Change
of Control Transaction described in this Section 17.1.

 17.2 Other Treatment of Awards. Subject to any greater rights
granted to Participants under the foregoing provisions of this Section 17, in
the event of the occurrence of any transaction described in Section 17.1 hereof,
any outstanding Awards will be treated as provided in the applicable agreement
or plan of merger, consolidation, dissolution, liquidation or sale of assets.

 17.3 Assumption of Awards by the Company. The Company, from time to
time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another
company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or
otherwise, by either (i) granting an

 10

Award under this Plan in substitution of such other company's award or (ii)
assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms of
such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted under this Plan. Such
substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the substituted
or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan
if the other company had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the
event the Company assumes an award granted by another company, the terms and
conditions of such award will remain unchanged (except that the exercise price
and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise of any such option
will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code). In the
event the Company elects to grant a new Option rather than assuming an existing
option, such new Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price.

 18. ADOPTION AND SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL. This Plan will become effective
on the date that it is adopted by the Board (the "EFFECTIVE DATE"). This Plan
will be approved by the shareholders of the Company (excluding Shares issued
pursuant to this Plan), consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12)
months before or after the Effective Date. Upon the Effective Date, the Board
may grant Awards pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that: (i) no Option
may be exercised prior to initial shareholder approval of this Plan; (ii) no
Option granted pursuant to an increase in the number of Shares approved by the
Board shall be exercised prior to the time such increase has been approved by
the shareholders of the Company; (iii) in the event that initial shareholder
approval is not obtained within the time period provided herein, all Awards
granted hereunder shall be canceled, any Shares issued pursuant to any Award
shall be canceled and any purchase of Shares issued hereunder shall be
rescinded; and (iv) Awards granted pursuant to an increase in the number of
Shares approved by the Board which increase is not timely approved by
shareholders shall be canceled, any Shares issued pursuant to any such Awards
shall be canceled, and any purchase of Shares subject to any such Award shall be
rescinded.

 19. TERM OF PLAN/GOVERNING LAW. Unless earlier terminated as provided
herein, this Plan will terminate ten (10) years from the Effective Date or, if
earlier, the date of shareholder approval. This Plan and all agreements
hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of California.

 20. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN. Subject to Section 5.9 hereof, the
Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including
without limitation amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be
executed pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that the Board will not,
without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, amend this Plan in any
manner that requires such shareholder approval pursuant to Section 25102(o) of
the California Corporations Code or the Code or the regulations promulgated
thereunder as such provisions apply to ISO plans.

 21. NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN. Neither the adoption of this Plan by the
Board, the submission of this Plan to the shareholders of the Company for
approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as creating any
limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation
arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the
granting of stock options and other equity awards otherwise than under this
Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable
only in specific cases.

 22. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Plan, the following terms will have the
following meanings:

 11

"AWARD" means any award under this Plan, including any Option or
Restricted Stock Award.

 "AWARD AGREEMENT" means, with respect to each Award, the signed
written agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the
terms and conditions of the Award, including the Stock Option Agreement and
Restricted Stock Agreement.

 "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

 "CAUSE" means Termination because of (i) any willful, material
violation by the Participant of any law or regulation applicable to the business
of the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the Participant's
conviction for, or guilty plea to, a felony or a crime involving moral
turpitude, or any willful perpetration by the Participant of a common law fraud,
(ii) the Participant's commission of an act of personal dishonesty which
involves personal profit in connection with the Company or any other entity
having a business relationship with the Company, (iii) any material breach by
the Participant of any provision of any agreement or understanding between the
Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company and the Participant regarding
the terms of the Participant's service as an employee, officer, director or
consultant to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, including
without limitation, the willful and continued failure or refusal of the
Participant to perform the material duties required of such Participant as an
employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or a Parent or
Subsidiary of the Company, other than as a result of having a Disability, or a
breach of any applicable invention assignment and confidentiality agreement or
similar agreement between the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company
and the Participant, (iv) Participant's disregard of the policies of the Company
or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company so as to cause loss, damage or injury
to the property, reputation or employees of the Company or a Parent or
Subsidiary of the Company, or (v) any other misconduct by the Participant which
is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or
is otherwise materially injurious to, the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of
the Company.

 "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

 "COMMITTEE" means the committee created and appointed by the Board
to administer this Plan, or if no committee is created and appointed, the Board.

 "COMPANY" means Avivo Corporation, or any successor corporation.

 "DISABILITY" means a disability, whether temporary or permanent,
partial or total, as determined by the Committee.

 "EXERCISE PRICE" means the price at which a holder of an Option may
purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Option.

 "FAIR MARKET VALUE" means, as of any date, the value of a share of
the Company's Common Stock determined as follows:

 (a) if such Common Stock is then quoted on the Nasdaq National
 Market, its closing price on the Nasdaq National Market on the
 date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal;

 12

(b) if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on
 a national securities exchange, its closing price on the date
 of determination on the principal national securities exchange
 on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as
 reported in The Wall Street Journal;

 (c) if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is not quoted on
 the Nasdaq National Market nor listed or admitted to trading
 on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing
 bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported
 by The Wall Street Journal (or, if not so reported, as
 otherwise reported by any newspaper or other source as the
 Board may determine); or

 (d) if none of the foregoing is applicable, by the Committee in
 good faith.

 "OPTION" means an award of an option to purchase Shares pursuant to
Section 5 hereof.

 "PARENT" means any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of such
corporations other than the Company owns stock representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the
other corporations in such chain.

 "PARTICIPANT" means a person who receives an Award under this Plan.

 "PLAN" means this Avivo Corporation 1999 Equity Incentive Plan, as
amended from time to time.

 "PURCHASE PRICE" means the price at which a Participant may purchase
Restricted Stock.

 "RESTRICTED STOCK" means Shares purchased pursuant to a Restricted
Stock Award.

 "RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD" means an award of Shares pursuant to
Section 6 hereof.

 "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 "SHARES" means shares of the Company's Common Stock reserved for
issuance under this Plan, as adjusted pursuant to Sections 2 and 17 hereof, and
any successor security.

 "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the
corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock
representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of
all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.

 "TERMINATION" or "TERMINATED" means, for purposes of this Plan with
respect to a Participant, that the Participant has for any reason ceased to
provide services as an employee, officer, director or consultant to the Company
or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. A Participant will not be deemed to
have ceased to provide services in the case of (i) sick leave, (ii)

 13

military leave, or (iii) any other leave of absence approved by the Committee,
provided that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days (a)
unless reinstatement (or, in the case of an employee with an ISO, reemployment)
upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute, or (b)
unless provided otherwise pursuant to formal policy adopted from time to time by
the Company's Board and issued and promulgated in writing. In the case of any
Participant on (i) sick leave, (ii) military leave or (iii) an approved leave of
absence, the Committee may make such provisions respecting suspension of vesting
of the Award while on leave from the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company as it may deem appropriate, except that in no event may an Option be
exercised after the expiration of the term set forth in the Stock Option
Agreement. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether a
Participant has ceased to provide services and the effective date on which the
Participant ceased to provide services (the "TERMINATION DATE").

 "UNVESTED SHARES" means "Unvested Shares" as defined in the Award
Agreement.

 "VESTED SHARES" means "Vested Shares" as defined in the Award
Agreement.

 14

NO._________

 AVIVO CORPORATION

 1999 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

 This Stock Option Agreement (the "AGREEMENT") is made and entered
into as of the date of grant set forth below (the "DATE OF GRANT") by and
between Avivo Corporation, a California corporation (the "Company"), and the
participant named below (the "PARTICIPANT"). Capitalized terms not defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Company's 1999 Equity
Incentive Plan (the "PLAN").

PARTICIPANT: [First_Name] [Last_Name]

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: [SSN]

ADDRESS: [Address]

 [City], [ST] [Zip_Code]

TOTAL OPTION SHARES: _____________________________________________________

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: _____________________________________________________

DATE OF GRANT: _____________________________________________________

FIRST VESTING DATE: _____________________________________________________

EXPIRATION DATE: _____________________________________________________
 (unless earlier terminated under Section 5.6 of the
 Plan)
TYPE OF STOCK OPTION

(CHECK ONE): [ ] INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION

 [ ] NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

 1. GRANT OF OPTION. The Company hereby grants to Participant an
option (this "OPTION") to purchase the total number of shares of Common Stock of
the Company set forth above as Total Option Shares (the "SHARES") at the
Exercise Price Per Share set forth above (the "EXERCISE PRICE"), subject to all
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an
Incentive Stock Option above, the Option is intended to qualify as an "incentive
stock option" (the "ISO") within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE").

 2. EXERCISE PERIOD.

 2.1 Exercise Period of Option. This Option is immediately
exercisable although the Shares issued upon exercise of the Option will be
subject to the restrictions on transfer and Repurchase Options set forth in
Sections 7, 8 and 9 below. Provided Participant continues to provide services to
the Company or to any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Option will become vested with respect to twenty five
percent (25 of the Shares on the First Vesting Date set forth on the first
page of this Agreement (the "FIRST VESTING DATE") and thereafter at the end of
each full succeeding month after the First Vesting Date an additional Two and
Eight Hundred Thirty Three Ten Thousandths percent (2.0833 of the Shares will
become vested until the Shares are vested with respect to one hundred percent
(100 of the Shares. If application of the vesting percentage causes a
fractional share, such share shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share
for

 1

each month except for the last month in such vesting period, at the end of which
last month this Option shall become vested for the full remainder of the Shares.
Unvested Shares may not be sold or otherwise transferred by Participant without
the Company's prior written consent. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan
or this Agreement to the contrary, Options for Unvested Shares (as defined in
Section 2.2 of this Agreement) will not be exercisable on or after Participant's
Termination Date.

 2.2 Vesting of Options. Shares that are vested pursuant to
the schedule set forth in Section 2.1 are "VESTED SHARES." Shares that are not
vested pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2.1 are "UNVESTED SHARES."

 2.3 Expiration. The Option shall expire on the Expiration
Date set forth above or earlier as provided in Section 3 below or pursuant to
Section 5.6 of the Plan.

 3. TERMINATION.

 3.1 Termination for Any Reason Except Death, Disability or
Cause. If Participant is Terminated for any reason, except death, Disability or
for Cause, the Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it would have
been exercisable by Participant on the Termination Date, may be exercised by
Participant no later than three (3) months after the Termination Date, but in
any event no later than the Expiration Date.

 3.2 Termination Because of Death or Disability. If
Participant is Terminated because of death or Disability of Participant (or
Participant dies within three (3) months of Termination when Termination is for
any reason other than Participant's Disability or for Cause), the Option, to the
extent that it is exercisable by Participant on the Termination Date, may be
exercised by Participant (or Participant's legal representative) no later than
twelve (12) months after the Termination Date, but in any event no later than
the Expiration Date. Any exercise beyond (i) three (3) months after the
Termination Date when the Termination is for any reason other than the
Participant's death or disability, within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the
Code; or (ii) twelve (12) months after the Termination Date when the termination
is for Participant's disability, within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the
Code, is deemed to be an NQSO.

 3.3 Termination for Cause. If Participant is Terminated for
Cause, then the Option will expire on Participant's Termination Date, or at such
later time and on such conditions as are determined by the Committee.

 3.4 No Obligation to Employ. Nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall confer on Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or
other relationship with, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company,
or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company to terminate Participant's employment or other relationship at any time,
with or without Cause.

 4. MANNER OF EXERCISE.

 4.1 Stock Option Exercise Agreement. To exercise this
Option, Participant (or in the case of exercise after Participant's death or
incapacity, Participant's executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case
may be) must deliver to the Company an executed stock option exercise agreement
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, or in such other form as may be
approved by the Committee from time to time (the "EXERCISE AGREEMENT"), which
shall set forth, inter alia, (i) Participant's election to exercise the Option,
(ii) the number of Shares being purchased, (iii) any restrictions imposed on the
Shares and (iv) any representations, warranties and agreements regarding
Participant's investment intent and access to information as may be required by
the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. If someone other than
Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation
reasonably acceptable to the Company verifying that such person has the legal
right to exercise the Option.

 4.2 Limitations on Exercise. The Option may not be exercised
unless such exercise is in compliance with all applicable federal and state
securities laws, as they are in effect on the date of exercise.

 2

The Option may not be exercised as to fewer than one hundred (100) Shares unless
it is exercised as to all Shares as to which the Option is then exercisable.

 4.3 Payment. The Exercise Agreement shall be accompanied by
full payment of the Exercise Price for the shares being purchased in cash (by
check), or where permitted by law:

 (a) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the
 Participant;

 (b) by surrender of shares of the Company's Common Stock that (i)
 either (A) have been owned by Participant for more than six
 (6) months and have been paid for within the meaning of SEC
 Rule 144 (and, if such shares were purchased from the Company
 by use of a promissory note, such note has been fully paid
 with respect to such shares); or (B) were obtained by
 Participant in the open public market; and (ii) are clear of
 all liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests;

 (c) by tender of a full recourse promissory note having such terms
 as may be approved by the Committee and bearing interest at a
 rate sufficient to avoid imputation of income under Sections
 483 and 1274 of the Code; provided, however, that Participants
 who are not employees or directors of the Company shall not be
 entitled to purchase Shares with a promissory note unless the
 note is adequately secured by collateral other than the
 Shares;

 (d) by waiver of compensation due or accrued to Participant for
 services rendered;

 (e) provided that a public market for the Company's stock exists:
 (i) through a "same day sale" commitment from Participant and
 a broker-dealer that is a member of the National Association
 of Securities Dealers (an "NASD Dealer") whereby Participant
 irrevocably elects to exercise the Option and to sell a
 portion of the Shares so purchased sufficient to pay for the
 total Exercise Price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably
 commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the total
 Exercise Price directly to the Company, or (ii) through a
 "margin" commitment from Participant and an NASD Dealer
 whereby Participant irrevocably elects to exercise the Option
 and to pledge the Shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a
 margin account as security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in
 the amount of the total Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD
 Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt of such Shares to
 forward the total Exercise Price directly to the Company; or

 (f) any other form of consideration approved by the Committee; or

 (g) by any combination of the foregoing.

 4.4 Tax Withholding. Prior to the issuance of the Shares
upon exercise of the Option, Participant must pay or provide for any applicable
federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. If the
Committee permits, Participant may provide for payment of withholding taxes upon
exercise of the Option by requesting that the Company retain the minimum number
of Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount of taxes required
to be withheld; but in no event will the Company withhold Shares if such
withholding would result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company. In
such case, the Company shall issue the net number of Shares to the Participant
by deducting the Shares retained from the Shares issuable upon exercise.

 4.5 Issuance of Shares. Provided that the Exercise Agreement
and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Company,
the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the name of Participant,
Participant's authorized assignee, or Participant's legal representative, and
shall deliver certificates representing the Shares with the appropriate legends
affixed thereto.

 3

5. NOTICE OF DISQUALIFYING DISPOSITION OF ISO SHARES. If the
Option is an ISO, and if Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the
Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two
(2) years after the Date of Grant, and (ii) the date one (1) year after transfer
of such Shares to Participant upon exercise of the Option, Participant shall
immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Participant
agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company
on the compensation income recognized by Participant from the early disposition
by payment in cash or out of the current wages or other compensation payable to
Participant.

 6. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS. The Plan and this
Agreement are intended to comply with Section 25102(o) of the California
Corporations Code and any regulations relating thereto. Any provision of this
Agreement which is inconsistent with Section 25102(o) or any regulations
relating thereto shall, without further act or amendment by the Company or the
Board, be reformed to comply with the requirements of Section 25102(o) and any
regulations relating thereto. The exercise of the Option and the issuance and
transfer of Shares shall be subject to compliance by the Company and Participant
with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with
all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company's Common
Stock may be listed at the time of such issuance or transfer. Participant
understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the
Shares with the SEC, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to
effect such compliance.

 7. NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION. The Option may not be
transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by
Participant or in the event of Participant's incapacity, by Participant's legal
representative. The terms of the Option shall be binding upon the executors,
administrators, successors and assigns of Participant.

 8. COMPANY'S REPURCHASE OPTION FOR UNVESTED SHARES. The Company,
or its assignee, shall have the option to repurchase Participant's Unvested
Shares (as defined in Section 2.2 of this Agreement) on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Exercise Agreement (the "REPURCHASE OPTION") if Participant is
Terminated (as defined in the Plan) for any reason, or no reason, including
without limitation Participant's death, Disability (as defined in the Plan),
voluntary resignation or termination by the Company with or without Cause.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall retain the Repurchase Option
for Unvested Shares only as to that number of Unvested Shares (whether or not
exercised) that exceeds the number of shares which remain unexercised.

 9. COMPANY'S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. Unvested Shares may not be
sold or otherwise transferred by Participant without the Company's prior written
consent. Before any Vested Shares held by Participant or any transferee of such
Vested Shares may be sold or otherwise transferred (including without limitation
a transfer by gift or operation of law), the Company and/or its assignee(s)
shall have an assignable right of first refusal to purchase the Vested Shares to
be sold or transferred on the terms and conditions set forth in the Exercise
Agreement (the "RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL"). The Company's Right of First Refusal
will terminate when the Company's securities become publicly traded.

 10. TAX CONSEQUENCES. Set forth below is a brief summary as of the
Effective Date of the Plan of some of the federal and California tax
consequences of exercise of the Option and disposition of the Shares. THIS
SUMMARY IS NECESSARILY INCOMPLETE, AND THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT
TO CHANGE. PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THE OPTION
OR DISPOSING OF THE SHARES.

 10.1 Exercise of ISO. If the Option qualifies as an ISO,
there will be no regular federal or California income tax liability upon the
exercise of the Option, although the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of
the Shares on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price will be treated as a
tax preference item for federal alternative minimum tax purposes and may subject
the Participant to the alternative minimum tax in the year of exercise.

 10.2 Exercise of Nonqualified Stock Option. If the Option
does not qualify as an ISO, there may be a regular federal and California income
tax liability upon the exercise of the Option. Participant

 4

will be treated as having received compensation income (taxable at ordinary
income tax rates) equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the
Shares on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price. If Participant is a
current or former employee of the Company, the Company may be required to
withhold from Participant's compensation or collect from Participant and pay to
the applicable taxing authorities an amount equal to a percentage of this
compensation income at the time of exercise.

 10.3 Disposition of Shares. The following tax consequences
may apply upon disposition of the Shares.

 (a) Incentive Stock Options. If the Shares are held
for more than twelve (12) months after the date of the transfer of the Shares
pursuant to the exercise of an ISO and are disposed of more than two (2) years
after the Date of Grant, any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will be
treated as long term capital gain for federal and California income tax
purposes. If Shares purchased under an ISO are disposed of within the applicable
one (1) year or two (2) year period, any gain realized on such disposition will
be treated as compensation income (taxable at ordinary income rates) to the
extent of the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date
of exercise over the Exercise Price.

 (b) Nonqualified Stock Options. If the Shares are held
for more than twelve (12) months after the date of the transfer of the Shares
pursuant to the exercise of an NQSO, any gain realized on disposition of the
Shares will be treated as long term capital gain.

 (c) Withholding. The Company may be required to
withhold from the Participant's compensation or collect from the Participant and
pay to the applicable taxing authorities an amount equal to a percentage of this
compensation income.

 10.4. Section 83(b) Election for Unvested Shares. With respect
to Unvested Shares, which are subject to the Repurchase Option, unless an
election is filed by the Participant with the Internal Revenue Service (and, if
necessary, the proper state taxing authorities), within 30 days of the purchase
of the Unvested Shares, electing pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code (and
similar state tax provisions, if applicable) to be taxed currently on any
difference between the Exercise Price of the Unvested Shares and their Fair
Market Value on the date of purchase, there may be a recognition of taxable
income (including, where applicable, alternative minimum taxable income) to the
Participant, measured by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the
Unvested Shares at the time they cease to be Unvested Shares, over the Exercise
Price of the Unvested Shares.

 11. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP. Participant shall not have any
of the rights of a shareholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are
issued to Participant.

 12. INTERPRETATION. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of
this Agreement shall be submitted by Participant or the Company to the Committee
for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be final and
binding on the Company and Participant.

 13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Plan is incorporated herein by
reference. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement of the
parties and supersede all prior undertakings and agreements with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

 14. NOTICES. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the
Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to
the Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any
notice required to be given or delivered to Participant shall be in writing and
addressed to Participant at the address indicated above or to such other address
as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the Company. All
notices shall be deemed to have been given or delivered upon: (i) personal
delivery; (ii) three (3) days after deposit in the United States mail by
certified or registered mail (return receipt requested); (iii) one (1) business
day after deposit with any return receipt express courier (prepaid); or (iv) one
(1) business day after transmission by facsimile, rapifax or telecopier.

 5

15. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. The Company may assign any of its
rights under this Agreement including its rights to purchase Shares under the
Repurchase Option and the Right of First Refusal. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the
Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this
Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and Participant's heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

 16. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California as such laws
are applied to agreements between California residents entered into and to be
performed entirely within California. If any provision of this Agreement is
determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, then such provision
will be enforced to the maximum extent possible and the other provisions will
remain fully effective and enforceable.

 17. ACCEPTANCE. Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy
of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant has read and understands the terms
and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all the terms and
conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant acknowledges that there
may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of
the Shares and that Participant should consult a tax adviser prior to such
exercise or disposition.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be
executed in triplicate by its duly authorized representative and Participant has
executed this Agreement in triplicate, effective as of the Date of Grant.

AVIVO CORPORATION PARTICIPANT

By:________________________________ ___________________________________
 (Signature)

___________________________________ ___________________________________
(Please print name) (Please print name)

___________________________________
(Please print title)

 6

EXHIBIT A

 FORM OF STOCK OPTION EXERCISE AGREEMENT

 1

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 8
 v37326exv10w8.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

exv10w8 

EXHIBIT
10.8

WEBSIDESTORY, INC. 
2006 EMPLOYMENT COMMENCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 

ARTICLE 1 

PURPOSE 

The purpose of the WebSideStory, Inc. 2006 Employment Commencement Equity Incentive Award Plan
(the Plan is to promote the success and enhance the value of WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company by linking the personal interests of Eligible Individuals to those of the Company s stockholders
and by providing an incentive to Eligible Individuals for performance to generate returns to the
Company s stockholders. The Plan is also intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its
ability to motivate, attract, and retain the services of Eligible Individuals upon whose judgment,
interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company s operation largely depends.
All Awards granted under the Plan are intended to constitute employment inducement awards within
the meaning of NASD Rule 4350(i)(1)(A)(iv). Awards under the Plan may only be made in compliance
with such rule and other requirements as may be imposed by The Nasdaq Stock Market in connection
with employment inducement awards.

ARTICLE 2 

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 

Wherever the following terms are used in the Plan they will have the meanings given below,
unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. The singular pronoun includes the plural where the
context so indicates.

2.1 Award means an Option, a Restricted Stock award, a Stock Appreciation Right award, a
Dividend Equivalents award, a Stock Payment award, a Restricted Stock Unit award or an Other
Stock-Based Award granted to a Participant pursuant to the Plan.

2.2 Award Agreement means any written or electronic agreement, contract, or other instrument
or document evidencing an Award.

2.3 Board means the board of directors of the Company.

2.4 Change in Control means and includes each of the following:

(a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Stock to the general
public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby
any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2)
of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan
maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction,
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company)
directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act) of securities of the Company

possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities
outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or

(b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such
period, constitute the Board together with any new director(s) (other than a director designated by
a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction
described in Section 2.4(a) or Section 2.4(c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the
directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the two year period or
whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to
constitute a majority thereof; or

(c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly
involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each
case other than a transaction:

(i) Which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the
transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into
voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls,
directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of
the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such
person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting
power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction,
and

(ii) After which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or
more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or
group will be treated for purposes of this Section 2.4(c)(ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of
combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the
Company prior to the consummation of the transaction; or

(d) The Company s stockholders approve a liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

The Committee will have full and final authority, which will be exercised in its discretion, to
determine conclusively whether a Change in Control of the Company has occurred pursuant to the
above definition, and the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental
matters relating thereto.

2.5 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the
regulations issued thereunder.

2.6 Committee means the Board or a committee of the Board described in Article 12.

2.7 Consultant means any consultant or adviser if:

2

(a) The consultant or adviser renders bona fide services to the Company or any Subsidiary;

(b) The services rendered by the consultant or adviser are not in connection with the offer or
sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or
maintain a market for the Company s securities; and

(c) The consultant or adviser is a natural person who has contracted directly with the Company
or any Subsidiary to render such services.

2.8 Disability means a permanent and total disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3)
of the Code, as it may be amended from time to time.

2.9 Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 8 to
receive the equivalent value (in cash or Stock) of dividends that otherwise would have been paid on
Stock which is subject to an Award.

2.10 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

2.11 Eligible Individual means any Employee who has not previously been an Employee or
member of the Board of the Company or an Employee or member of the board of directors of any
Subsidiary, or following a bona fide period of non-employment by the Company or a Subsidiary, if he
or she is granted an Award in connection with his or her commencement of employment with the
Company or a Subsidiary and such grant is an inducement material to his or her entering into
employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. The Committee may, in its discretion, adopt
procedures from time to time to ensure that an Employee is eligible to participate in the Plan
prior to the granting of any Awards to such Employee under the Plan.

2.12 Employee means any officer or other employee (as defined in accordance with Section
3401(c) of the Code) of the Company or any Subsidiary.

2.13 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

2.14 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Stock determined as follows:

(a) If the Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system,
including without limitation the Nasdaq National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq
Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing
bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system for the last market trading
day prior to the date of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source
that the Committee deems reliable;

(b) If the Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are
not reported, its Fair Market Value will be the mean of the closing bid and asked prices for the
Stock on the date prior to the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such
other source as the Committee deems reliable; or

3

(c) In the absence of an established market for the Stock, the Fair Market Value thereof will
be determined in good faith by the Committee.

2.15 Independent Director means a member of the Board who is not an Employee of the Company
and who qualifies as independent within the meaning of NASD Rule 4200(a)(14), if the Company s
securities are traded on the Nasdaq National Market, or the requirements of any other established
stock exchange on which the Company s securities are traded, as such rules or requirements may be
amended from time to time.

2.16 NASD means the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

2.17 Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option that is not intended to be or otherwise does
not qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code.

2.18 Option means a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 5 of the Plan to
purchase a specified number of shares of Stock at a specified price during specified time periods.

2.19 Other Stock-Based Award means an Award granted or denominated in Stock or units of
Stock pursuant to Section 8.4 of the Plan.

2.20 Participant means any Eligible Individual who has been granted an Award pursuant to the
Plan.

2.21 Plan means this WebSideStory, Inc. 2006 Employment Commencement Equity Incentive Award
Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

2.22 Restricted Stock means Stock awarded to a Participant pursuant to Article 6 that is
subject to certain restrictions and may be subject to risk of forfeiture or repurchase.

2.23 Restricted Stock Unit means an Award granted pursuant to Section 8.3.

2.24 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

2.25 Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share, and such other
securities of the Company that may be substituted for Stock pursuant to Article 11.

2.26 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right granted pursuant to Article 7 to
receive a payment equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a specified number of shares of
Stock on the date the SAR is exercised over the Fair Market Value of such number of shares of Stock
on the date the SAR was granted as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

2.27 Stock Payment means (a) a payment in the form of shares of Stock, or (b) an option or
other right to purchase shares of Stock, as part of any bonus, deferred compensation or other
arrangement, made in lieu of all or any portion of the compensation, granted pursuant to Article 8.

2.28 Subsidiary means any subsidiary corporation as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code
and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder of the Company or any other

4

entity of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially
owned directly or indirectly by the Company.

ARTICLE 3 

SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 

3.1 Number of Shares .

(a) Subject to Article 11 and Section 3.1(b), the aggregate number of shares of Stock which
may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards under the Plan will be 500,000 shares.

(b) To the extent that an Award terminates, expires, or lapses for any reason, any shares of
Stock subject to the Award will again be available for the grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan.
Additionally, any shares of Stock tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant or exercise price or
tax withholding obligation pursuant to any Award will again be available for the grant of an Award
pursuant to the Plan. If shares of Stock issued pursuant to Awards are repurchased by the Company
at no less than their original purchase price, such shares of Stock shall become available for
future grant under the Plan. To the extent permitted by applicable law or any exchange rule,
shares of Stock issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards of any
entity acquired in any form of combination by the Company or any Subsidiary will not be counted
against shares of Stock available for grant pursuant to this Plan.

3.2 Stock Distributed . Any Stock distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in
whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Stock, treasury Stock or Stock purchased on the open
market.

ARTICLE 4 

ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

4.1 Eligibility .

(a) General . Only Eligible Individuals are eligible to participate in this Plan, as
determined by the Committee.

(b) Foreign Participants . In order to assure the viability of Awards granted to
Participants employed in foreign countries, the Committee may provide for such special terms as it
may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy, or
custom. Moreover, the Committee may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements, or
alternative versions of, the Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes
without thereby affecting the terms of the Plan as in effect for any other purpose; provided,
however , that no such supplements, amendments, restatements, or alternative versions will increase
the share limitation contained in Section 3.1 of the Plan.

4.2 Participation . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee may, from
time to time, select from among all Eligible Individuals, those to whom Awards will be granted and
will determine the nature and amount of each Award. No individual will have any right to

5

be granted an Award pursuant to this Plan.

ARTICLE 5 

STOCK OPTIONS 

5.1 General . The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Participants on the
following terms and conditions:

(a) Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of Stock subject to an Option will
be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement; provided that the exercise
price for any Option will not be less than par value of a share of Stock on the date of grant.

(b) Time and Conditions of Exercise . The Committee will determine the time or times
at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part; provided that the term of any Option
granted under the Plan will not exceed ten years. The Committee will also determine the
performance or other conditions, if any, that must be satisfied before all or part of an Option may
be exercised.

(c) Payment . The Committee will determine the methods by which the exercise price of
an Option may be paid, the form of payment, including, without limitation, cash, promissory note
bearing interest at no less than such rate as will then preclude the imputation of interest under
the Code, shares of Stock held for such period of time as may be required by the Committee in order
to avoid adverse accounting consequences and having a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery
equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion thereof, or other property
acceptable to the Committee (including through the delivery of a notice that the Participant has
placed a market sell order with a broker with respect to shares of Stock then issuable upon
exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the
net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the Option exercise price; provided that
payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company upon settlement of such sale), and the methods
by which shares of Stock will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Participant who is a member of
the Board or an executive officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the
Exchange Act will be permitted to pay the exercise price of an Option in any method which would
violate Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

(d) Evidence of Grant . All Options will be evidenced by a written or electronic Award
Agreement between the Company and the Participant. The Award Agreement will include such
additional provisions as may be specified by the Committee.

(e) Non-Qualified Stock Options . All Options granted under the Plan shall be
Non-Qualified Stock Options.

5.2 Substitution of Stock Appreciation Rights . The Committee may provide in the Award
Agreement evidencing the grant of an Option that the Committee, in its sole discretion, will have
to right to substitute a Stock Appreciation Right for such Option at any time prior to or upon
exercise of such Option, subject to the provisions of Section 7.2 hereof; provided that such

6

Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable for the same number of shares of Stock for which
such substituted Option would have been exercisable.

5.3 Paperless Exercise . In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or
using the services of a third party, an automated system for the exercise of Options, such as a
system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then the paperless exercise of
Options by a Participant may be permitted through the use of such an automated system.

ARTICLE 6 

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 

6.1 Grant of Restricted Stock . The Committee is authorized to make Awards of
Restricted Stock to any Participant selected by the Committee in such amounts and subject to such
terms and conditions as determined by the Committee. All Awards of Restricted Stock will be
evidenced by a written Restricted Stock Award Agreement.

6.2 Issuance and Restrictions . Restricted Stock will be subject to such repurchase
restrictions, forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as
the Committee may impose (including, without limitation, limitations on the right to vote
Restricted Stock or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These restrictions
may lapse separately or in combination at such times, pursuant to such circumstances, in such
installments, or otherwise, as the Committee determines at the time of the grant of the Award or
thereafter.

6.3 Forfeiture . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of the
grant of the Award or thereafter, upon termination of employment or service during the applicable
restriction period, Restricted Stock that is at that time subject to restrictions will be forfeited
or subject to repurchase by the Company under such terms as the Committee shall determine;
 provided, however , that, the Committee may (a) provide in any Restricted Stock Award Agreement that
restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to Restricted Stock will be waived in whole or in
part in the event of terminations resulting from specified causes, and (b) in other cases waive in
whole or in part restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to Restricted Stock.

6.4 Certificates for Restricted Stock . Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the Plan
may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine. If certificates representing
shares of Restricted Stock are registered in the name of the Participant, certificates must bear an
appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such
Restricted Stock, and the Company may, at its discretion, retain physical possession of the
certificate until such time as all applicable restrictions lapse.

ARTICLE 7 

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

7.1 Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to
any Participant selected by the Committee. A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted (a) in
connection and simultaneously with the grant of an Option, (b) with respect to a previously granted
Option, or (c) independent of an Option. A Stock Appreciation Right will be subject to

7

such terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee shall impose and
will be evidenced by an Award Agreement.

7.2 Coupled Stock Appreciation Rights .

(a) A Coupled Stock Appreciation Right CSAR will be related to a particular Option and
will be exercisable only when and to the extent the related Option is exercisable.

(b) A CSAR may be granted to a Participant for no more than the number of shares subject to
the simultaneously or previously granted Option to which it is coupled.

(c) A CSAR will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Option
pursuant to the Plan) to surrender to the Company the unexercised portion of the Option to which
the CSAR relates (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the
Company in exchange therefor an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by
subtracting the Option exercise price from the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of
exercise of the CSAR by the number of shares of Stock with respect to which the CSAR will have been
exercised, subject to any limitations the Committee may impose.

7.3 Independent Stock Appreciation Rights .

(a) An Independent Stock Appreciation Right ISAR will be unrelated to any Option and will
have a term set by the Committee. An ISAR will be exercisable in such installments as the
Committee may determine. An ISAR will cover such number of shares of Stock as the Committee may
determine. The exercise price per share of Stock subject to each ISAR will be set by the
Committee; provided , however, that the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may provide
that the ISAR may be exercised subsequent to a termination of employment or service, as applicable,
or following a Change in Control of the Company, or because of the Participant s retirement, death
or disability, or otherwise.

(b) An ISAR will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the ISAR
pursuant to the Plan) to exercise all or a specified portion of the ISAR (to the extent then
exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the Company an amount determined by
multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the exercise price per share of the ISAR from
the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of exercise of the ISAR by the number of
shares of Stock with respect to which the ISAR will have been exercised, subject to any limitations
the Committee may impose.

8

7.4 Payment and Limitations on Exercise . Payment of the amounts determined under
Sections 7.2(c) and 7.3(b) above will be in cash, in Stock (based on its Fair Market Value as of
the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised) or a combination of both, as determined by the
Committee.

ARTICLE 8 

OTHER TYPES OF AWARDS 

8.1 Dividend Equivalents . Any Participant selected by the Committee may be granted
Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends declared on the shares of Stock that are subject to any
Award, to be credited as of dividend payment dates, during the period between the date the Award is
granted and the date the Award is exercised, vests or expires, as determined by the Committee.
Such Dividend Equivalents will be converted to cash or additional shares of Stock by such formula
and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Committee.

8.2 Stock Payments . Any Participant selected by the Committee may receive Stock
Payments in the manner determined from time to time by the Committee. The number of shares will be
determined by the Committee and may be based upon specific performance criteria determined
appropriate by the Committee, determined on the date such Stock Payment is made or on any date
thereafter.

8.3 Restricted Stock Units . The Committee is authorized to make Awards of Restricted
Stock Units to any Participant selected by the Committee in such amounts and subject to such terms
and conditions as determined by the Committee. At the time of grant, the Committee will specify
the date or dates on which the Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested and nonforfeitable,
and may specify such conditions to vesting as it deems appropriate. At the time of grant, the
Committee will specify the maturity date applicable to each grant of Restricted Stock Units which
will be no earlier than the vesting date or dates of the Award and may be determined at the
election of the grantee. On the maturity date, the Company will transfer to the Participant one
unrestricted, fully transferable share of Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit scheduled to be paid
out on such date and not previously forfeited. The Committee will specify the purchase price, if
any, to be paid by the grantee to the Company for such shares of Stock.

8.4 Other Stock-Based Awards . Any Participant selected by the Committee may be
granted one or more Awards that provide Participants with shares of Stock or the right to purchase
shares of Stock or that have a value derived from the value of, or an exercise or conversion
privilege at a price related to, or that are otherwise payable in shares of Stock and which may be
linked to any one or more specific performance criteria determined appropriate by the Committee, in
each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Committee.

8.5 Term . Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of any Award of Dividend
Equivalents, Stock Payments, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock-Based Awards will be set by the
Committee in its discretion.

9

8.6 Exercise or Purchase Price . The Committee may establish the exercise or purchase
price, if any, of any Award of Stock Payments, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock-Based Awards;
 provided, however , that such price will not be less than the par value of a share of Stock on the
date of grant, unless otherwise permitted by applicable state law.

8.7 Form of Payment . Payments with respect to any Awards granted under this Article 8
will be made in cash, in Stock or a combination of both, as determined by the Committee.

8.8 Award Agreement . All Awards under this Article 8 will be subject to such
additional terms and conditions as determined by the Committee and will be evidenced by a written
Award Agreement.

ARTICLE 9 

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 409A OF THE CODE 

9.1 Awards Subject to Code Section 409A . Any Award that constitutes, or provides
for, a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code (a Section 409A Award shall
satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and this Article 9, to the extent applicable.
The Award Agreement with respect to a Section 409A Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions
required by Section 409A of the Code and this Article 9.

9.2 Distributions under a Section 409A Award .

(a) Subject to subsection (b), any shares of Stock or other property or amounts to be paid or
distributed upon the grant, issuance, vesting, exercise or payment of a Section 409A Award shall be
distributed in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code, and shall not be
distributed earlier than:

(i) the Participant s separation from service, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury;

(ii) the date the Participant becomes disabled, as determined by the Secretary of the
Treasury;

(iii) the Participant s death;

(iv) a specified time (or pursuant to a fixed schedule) specified under the Award Agreement at
the date of the deferral compensation;

(v) to the extent provided by the Secretary of the Treasury, a change in the ownership or
effective control of the Company or a parent or Subsidiary, or in the ownership of a substantial
portion of the assets of the Company or a parent or Subsidiary; or

(vi) the occurrence of an unforeseeable emergency with respect to the Participant, as
determined by the Secretary of the Treasury.

10

(b) In the case of a Participant who is a specified employee, the requirement of paragraph
(a)(i) shall be met only if the distributions with respect to the Section 409A Award may not be
made before the date which is six months after the Participant s separation from service (or, if
earlier, the date of the Participant s death). For purposes of this subsection (b), a Participant
shall be a specified employee if such Participant is a key employee (as defined in Section 416(i)
of the Code without regard to paragraph (5) thereof) of a corporation any stock of which is
publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, as determined under Section
409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

(c) The requirement of paragraph (a)(vi) shall be met only if, as determined under Treasury
Regulations under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(ii) of the Code, the amounts distributed with respect to
the unforeseeable emergency do not exceed the amounts necessary to satisfy such unforeseeable
emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the
distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such unforeseeable emergency is or may
be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise or by liquidation of
the Participant s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause
severe financial hardship).

(d) For purposes of this Section, the terms specified therein shall have the respective
meanings ascribed thereto under Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

9.3 Prohibition on Acceleration of Benefits . The time or schedule of any distribution
or payment of any shares of Stock or other property or amounts under a Section 409A Award shall not
be accelerated, except as otherwise permitted under Section 409A(a)(3) of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations thereunder.

9.4 Elections under Section 409A Awards .

(a) Any deferral election provided under or with respect to an Award to any Eligible
Individual, or to a Participant holding a Section 409A Award, shall satisfy the requirements of
Section 409A(a)(4)(B) of the Code, to the extent applicable, and, except as otherwise permitted
under paragraph (i) or (ii) below, any such deferral election with respect to compensation for
services performed during a taxable year shall be made not later than the close of the preceding
taxable year, or at such other time as provided in the Treasury Regulations.

(i) In the case of the first year in which an Eligible Individual, or a Participant holding a
Section 409A Award, becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, any such deferral election may be
made with respect to services to be performed subsequent to the election within thirty days after
the date the Eligible Individual, or the Participant holding a Section 409A Award, becomes eligible
to participate in the Plan, as provided under Section 409A(a)(4)(B)(ii) of the Code.

(ii) In the case of any performance-based compensation based on services performed by an
Eligible Individual, or the Participant holding a Section 409A Award, over a period of at least
twelve months, any such deferral election may be made no later than six months before the end of
the period, as provided under Section 409A(a)(4)(B)(iii) of the Code.

11

(b) In the event that a Section 409A Award permits, under a subsequent election by the
Participant holding such Section 409A Award, a delay in a distribution or payment of any shares of
Stock or other property or amounts under such Section 409A Award, or a change in the form of
distribution or payment, such subsequent election shall satisfy the requirements of Section
409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code, and:

(i) such subsequent election may not take effect until at least twelve months after the date
on which the election is made,

(ii) in the case such subsequent election relates to a distribution or payment not described
in Section 9.2(a)(ii), (iii) or (vi), the first payment with respect to such election may be
deferred for a period of not less than five years from the date such distribution or payment
otherwise would have been made, and

(iii) in the case such subsequent election relates to a distribution or payment described in
Section 9.2(a)(iv), such election may not be made less than twelve months prior to the date of the
first scheduled distribution or payment under Section 9.2(a)(iv).

9.5 Compliance in Form and Operation . A Section 409A Award, and any election under or
with respect to such Section 409A Award, shall comply in form and operation with the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

ARTICLE 10 

PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS 

10.1 Stand-Alone and Tandem Awards . Awards granted pursuant to the Plan may, in the
discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with, any other
Award granted pursuant to the Plan. Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards
may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other
Awards.

10.2 Award Agreement . Awards under the Plan will be evidenced by Award Agreements
that set forth the terms, conditions and limitations for each Award which may include the term of
an Award, the provisions applicable in the event the Participant s employment or service
terminates, and the Company s authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend,
cancel or rescind an Award.

10.3 Limits on Transfer . No right or interest of a Participant in any Award may be
pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated to or in favor of any party other than the Company or a
Subsidiary, or will be subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant to any
other party other than the Company or a Subsidiary. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee,
no Award will be assigned, transferred, or otherwise disposed of by a Participant other than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution. The Committee by express provision in the Award or
an amendment thereto may permit an Award to be transferred to, exercised by and paid to certain
persons or entities related to the Participant, including but not limited to members of the
Participant s family, charitable institutions, or trusts or other entities whose beneficiaries or
beneficial owners are members of the Participant s family and/or charitable institutions, or to
such other persons or entities as may be expressly approved by the Committee, pursuant to such

12

conditions and procedures as the Committee may establish. Any permitted transfer will be
subject to the condition that the Committee receive evidence satisfactory to it that the transfer
is being made for estate and/or tax planning purposes (or to a blind trust in connection with the
Participant s termination of employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary to assume a
position with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit institution) and on a
basis consistent with the Company s lawful issue of securities.

10.4 Beneficiaries . Notwithstanding Section 10.3, a Participant may, in the manner
determined by the Committee, designate a beneficiary to exercise the rights of the Participant and
to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon the Participant s death. A beneficiary,
legal guardian, legal representative, or other person claiming any rights pursuant to the Plan is
subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Agreement applicable to the
Participant, except to the extent the Plan and Award Agreement otherwise provide, and to any
additional restrictions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. If the Participant is
married and resides in a community property state, a designation of a person other than the
Participant s spouse as his or her beneficiary with respect to more than 50 of the Participant s
interest in the Award will not be effective without the prior written consent of the Participant s
spouse. If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the Participant, payment will be made to
the person entitled thereto pursuant to the Participant s will or the laws of descent and
distribution. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed or revoked by a
Participant at any time provided the change or revocation is filed with the Committee.

10.5 Stock Certificates; Book Entry Procedures .

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company will not be required to issue
or deliver any certificates evidencing shares of Stock pursuant to the exercise of any Award,
unless and until the Board has determined, with advice of counsel, that the issuance and delivery
of such certificates is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental
authorities and, if applicable, the requirements of any exchange on which the shares of Stock are
listed or traded. All Stock certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan are subject to any
stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to comply
with federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, securities or other laws, rules and regulations and
the rules of any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Stock is
listed, quoted, or traded. The Committee may place legends on any Stock certificate to reference
restrictions applicable to the Stock. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the
Board may require that a Participant make such reasonable covenants, agreements, and
representations as the Board, in its discretion, deems advisable in order to comply with any such
laws, regulations, or requirements. The Committee will have the right to require any Participant
to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement or exercise of any
Award, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the Committee.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the
Committee or required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, the Company will not deliver to
any Participant certificates evidencing shares of Stock issued in connection with any Award and
instead such shares of Stock will be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its
transfer agent or stock plan administrator).

13

ARTICLE 11 

CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE 

11.1 Adjustments .

(a) In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares,
merger, consolidation, spin-off, recapitalization or other distribution (other than normal cash
dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Stock or
the share price of the Stock, the Committee will make such proportionate adjustments, if any, as
the Committee in its discretion may deem appropriate to reflect such change with respect to (i) the
aggregate number and type of shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited
to, adjustments of the limitation in Section 3.1); (ii) the terms and conditions of any outstanding
Awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect
thereto); and (iii) the grant or exercise price per share for any outstanding Awards under the
Plan.

(b) In the event of any transaction or event described in Section 11.1(a) or any unusual or
nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the
financial statements of the Company or any affiliate (including without limitation any Change in
Control), or of changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles, the Committee, in
its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms
of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event and either
automatically or upon the Participant s request, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of
the following actions whenever the Committee determines that such action is appropriate in order to
prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available
under the Plan or with respect to any Award under the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or
events or to give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or principles:

(i) To provide for either (A) termination of any such Award in exchange for an amount of cash
and/or other property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise
of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of
the date of the occurrence of the transaction or event described in this Section 11.1(b), the
Committee determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of
such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, then such Award may be terminated by the
Company without payment) or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property
selected by the Committee in its sole discretion;

(ii) To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a
parent or subsidiary thereof, or will be substituted for by similar options, rights or awards
covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof,
with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; and

(iii) To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Stock (or other securities or
property) subject to outstanding Awards, and in the number and kind of outstanding Restricted Stock
and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or

14

exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding options, rights and awards and
options, rights and awards which may be granted in the future.

11.2 Acceleration Upon Change in Control . Notwithstanding Section 11.1, if a Change
in Control occurs and a Participant s Awards are not converted, assumed, or replaced by a successor
entity or its parent or Subsidiary, then immediately prior to the Change in Control such Awards
will become fully exercisable and all forfeiture restrictions on such Awards will lapse. Upon, or
in anticipation of, a Change in Control, the Committee may cause any and all Awards outstanding
under this Plan to terminate at a specific time in the future, including but not limited to the
date of such Change in Control, and will give each Participant the right to exercise such Awards
during a period of time as the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine.
The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether an Award has been converted, assumed
or replaced by the surviving or successor entity or its parent or Subsidiary in connection with a
Change in Control.

11.3 Outstanding Awards Certain Mergers . Subject to any required action by the
stockholders of the Company, in the event that the Company is the surviving corporation in any
merger or consolidation (except a merger or consolidation as a result of which the holders of
shares of Stock receive securities of another corporation), each Award outstanding on the date of
such merger or consolidation will pertain to and apply to the securities that a holder of the
number of shares of Stock subject to such Award would have received in such merger or
consolidation.

11.4 Outstanding Awards Other Changes . In the event of any other change in the
capitalization of the Company or corporate change other than those specifically referred to in this
Article 11, the Committee may, in its absolute discretion, make such adjustments in the number and
kind of shares or other securities subject to Awards outstanding on the date on which such change
occurs and in the per share grant or exercise price of each Award as the Committee may consider
appropriate to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights.

11.5 No Other Rights . Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no Participant will
have any rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the
payment of any dividend, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class or
any dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or any other corporation.
Except as expressly provided in the Plan or pursuant to action of the Committee under the Plan, no
issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of
stock of any class, will affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof will be made with respect to,
the number of shares of Stock subject to an Award or the grant or exercise price of any Award.

ARTICLE 12 

ADMINISTRATION 

12.1 Committee . The Plan will be administered by a Committee or Committees of two or
more Independent Directors, and the term Committee will apply to any person or persons to whom
such authority has been delegated. As of the Effective Date, the Plan will be administered by the
Compensation Committee of the Board. The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and re-vest
in the Board the administration of the Plan and thereafter for purposes of the

15

Plan the term Committee as used in this Plan will be deemed to refer to the Board; provided ,
 however , that any action taken by the Board in connection with the administration of the Plan shall
not be deemed approved by the Board unless such action is approved by a majority of the Independent
Directors. Appointment of Committee members will be effective upon acceptance of appointment.
Committee members may resign at any time by delivering written notice to the Board. Vacancies in
the Committee may only be filled by the Board. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions
hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, Awards under the Plan
shall be made by the entire Board provided , however , that any action taken by the Board in
connection with the administration of the Plan shall not be deemed approved by the Board unless
such action is approved by a majority of the Independent Directors) or a Committee meeting the
requirements set forth above and such other requirements as may be established from time to time by
the Securities and Exchange Commission for Awards intended to qualify for exemption under Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

12.2 Action by the Committee . A majority of the Committee will constitute a quorum.
The acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present, and acts
approved in writing by a majority of the Committee in lieu of a meeting, will be deemed the acts of
the Committee. Each member of the Committee is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any
report or other information furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the
Company or any Subsidiary, the Company s independent certified public accountants, or any executive
compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the
administration of the Plan.

12.3 Authority of Committee . Subject to any specific designation in the Plan, the
Committee has the exclusive power, authority and discretion to:

(a) Designate Participants to receive Awards;

(b) Determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant;

(c) Determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of shares of Stock to which an
Award will relate;

(d) Determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted pursuant to the Plan, including,
but not limited to, the exercise price, grant price, or purchase price, any reload provision, any
restrictions or limitations on the Award, any schedule for lapse of forfeiture restrictions or
restrictions on the exercisability of an Award, and accelerations or waivers thereof, any
provisions related to non-competition and recapture of gain on an Award, based in each case on such
considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion determines;

(e) Determine whether, to what extent, and pursuant to what circumstances an Award may be
settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid in, cash, Stock, other Awards, or other
property, or an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered;

(f) Prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each
Participant;

(g) Decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award;

16

(h) Establish, adopt, or revise any rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or
advisable to administer the Plan;

(i) Interpret the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to, the Plan or any Award
Agreement; and

(j) Make all other decisions and determinations that may be required pursuant to the Plan or
as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to administer the Plan.

12.4 Decisions Binding . The Committee s interpretation of the Plan, any Awards
granted pursuant to the Plan, any Award Agreement and all decisions and determinations by the
Committee with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive on all parties.

ARTICLE 13 

EFFECTIVE AND EXPIRATION DATE 

13.1 Effective Date . The Plan is effective as of the date this Plan is approved by
the Board (the Effective Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Awards may be granted under
the Plan until 15 days after the Company files a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares 
with the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. relating to the Stock which may be issued upon exercise of
Awards granted under the Plan.

13.2 Expiration Date . The Plan will expire on, and no Award may be granted pursuant
to the Plan after, the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date ). Any Awards
that are outstanding on the Expiration Date will remain in force according to the terms of the Plan
and the applicable Award Agreement.

13.3 Stockholder Approval Not Required . It is expressly intended that
approval of the Company s stockholders not be required as a condition of the effectiveness of the
Plan, and the Plan s provisions shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent for
all purposes. Specifically, Rule 4350(i) promulgated by the NASD generally requires stockholder
approval for stock option plans or other equity compensation arrangements adopted by companies
whose securities are listed on the Nasdaq National Market pursuant to which stock awards or stock
may be acquired by officers, directors, employees, or consultants of such companies. NASD Rule
4350(i)(1)(A)(iv) provides an exception to this requirement for issuances of securities to a person
not previously an Employee or director of the issuer, or following a bona fide period of
non-employment, as an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with the
issuer, provided such issuances are approved by either the issuer s compensation committee
comprised of a majority of independent directors or a majority of the issuer s independent
directors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Awards under this Plan may only be
made to Employees who have not previously been an Employee or member of the Board of the Company or
an Employee or director of a Subsidiary, or following a bona fide period of non-employment by the
Company or a Subsidiary, as an inducement material to the Employee s entering into employment with
the Company or a Subsidiary. Awards under the Plan will be approved by (i) the Committee, provided
it is comprised solely of two or more Independent Directors or (ii) a majority of the Company s
Independent Directors. Accordingly, pursuant to NASD Rule 4350(i)(1)(A)(iv), the issuance of
Awards and the shares of Stock issuable upon

17

exercise or vesting of such Awards pursuant to this Plan are not subject to the approval of
the Company s stockholders.

ARTICLE 14 

AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION 

14.1 Amendment, Modification, And Termination . The Board or the Committee may
terminate, amend or modify the Plan; provided, however , that to the extent necessary to comply with
any applicable law, regulation, or stock exchange rule, the Company will obtain stockholder
approval of any Plan amendment in such a manner and to such a degree as required. Notwithstanding
any provision in this Plan to the contrary, absent approval of the stockholders of the Company, no
Option may be amended to reduce the per share exercise price of the shares subject to such Option
below the per share exercise price as of the date the Option is granted and, except as permitted by
Article 11, no Option may be granted in exchange for, or in connection with, the cancellation or
surrender of an Option having a higher per share exercise price.

14.2 Awards Previously Granted . No termination, amendment, or modification of the
Plan will adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted pursuant to the Plan
without the prior written consent of the Participant.

ARTICLE 15 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

15.1 No Rights to Awards . No Participant, employee, or other person will have any
claim to be granted any Award pursuant to the Plan, and neither the Company nor the Committee is
obligated to treat Participants, employees, and other persons uniformly.

15.2 No Stockholders Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein, a Participant will
have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to shares of Stock covered by any Award until
the Participant becomes the record owner of such shares of Stock.

15.3 Withholding . The Company or any Subsidiary will have the authority and the right
to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to
satisfy federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including the Participant s payroll, social
security or other tax obligations) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event
concerning a Participant arising as a result of this Plan. The Committee may in its discretion and
in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement allow a Participant to elect to have the Company
withhold shares of Stock otherwise issuable under an Award (or allow the return of shares of Stock)
having a Fair Market Value equal to the sums required to be withheld. Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan, the number of shares of Stock which may be withheld with respect to the
issuance, vesting, exercise or payment of any Award (or which may be repurchased from the
Participant of such Award within six months (or such other period as may be determined by the
Committee) after such shares of Stock were acquired by the Participant from the Company) in order
to satisfy the Participant s federal, state, local and foreign tax liabilities with respect to the
issuance, vesting, exercise or payment of the Award will be limited to the number of shares which
have a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding or repurchase equal to the aggregate amount of
such liabilities based on the minimum statutory

18

withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes that are applicable to
such taxable income.

15.4 No Right to Employment or Services . Nothing in the Plan or any Award Agreement
will interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate any
Participant s employment or services at any time, nor confer upon any Participant any right to
continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary.

15.5 Unfunded Status of Awards . The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for
incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an
Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement will give the Participant any rights
that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary.

15.6 Indemnification . To the extent allowable pursuant to applicable law, each member
of the Committee or of the Board will be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from any
loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in
connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be
a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action or failure to act pursuant to
the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in satisfaction of judgment in
such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her; provided he or she gives the Company an
opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to
handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification will not be
exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled pursuant to
the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any
power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless.

15.7 Relationship to other Benefits . No payment pursuant to the Plan will be taken
into account in determining any benefits pursuant to any pension, retirement, savings, profit
sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except to
the extent otherwise expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder.

15.8 Expenses . The expenses of administering the Plan will be borne by the Company
and its Subsidiaries.

15.9 Titles and Headings . The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for
convenience of reference only and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than
such titles or headings, will control.

15.10 Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Stock will be issued and the
Committee will determine, in its discretion, whether cash will be given in lieu of fractional
shares or whether such fractional shares will be eliminated by rounding up or down as appropriate.

15.11 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan, the Plan, and any Award granted or awarded to any Participant who is then
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, will be subject to any additional limitations set forth
in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to
Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such

19

exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and Awards granted or
awarded under this Plan will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such
applicable exemptive rule.

15.12 Government and Other Regulations . The obligation of the Company to make payment
of awards in Stock or otherwise will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and
to such approvals by government agencies as may be required. The Company will be under no
obligation to register pursuant to the Securities Act any of the shares of Stock paid pursuant to
the Plan. If the shares paid pursuant to the Plan may in certain circumstances be exempt from
registration pursuant to the Securities Act, the Company may restrict the transfer of such shares
in such manner as it deems advisable to ensure the availability of any such exemption.

15.13 Governing Law . The Plan and all Award Agreements will be construed in
accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware excluding that body of
law pertaining to conflicts of law.

I certify that the foregoing Plan was duly adopted by the board of directors of WebSideStory,
Inc. on May 17, 2006.

/s/ DRU GREENHALGH 

Dru Greenhalgh, Corporate Secretary 

20

WEBSIDESTORY, INC. 

FORM OF STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 2006 EMPLOYMENT COMMENCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 

WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2006 Employment Commencement Equity
Incentive Award Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the Optionee listed below Optionee ), an
option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Stock set forth below. This Option is
subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Plan and the attached
Stock Option Agreement, each of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise
defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock
Option Grant Notice and the attached Stock Option Agreement.

Optionee: 

Grant Date: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Exercise Price per Share: 

per share 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 

Total Exercise Price: 

Expiration Date: 

Type of Option: Non-Qualified Stock Option

Vesting Schedule: To be specified in individual agreements 

By his or her signature and the Company s signature below, Optionee agrees to be bound by the
terms and conditions of the Plan and the attached Stock Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed
the attached Stock Option Agreement and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to
obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this option and fully understands all provisions of
this Stock Option Grant Notice, the attached Stock Option Agreement and the Plan. Optionee hereby
agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the
administrator of the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan or this option. Optionee
further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.: 

OPTIONEE: 

By:

By: 

Print Name:

Print Name: 

Title:

Address:

10182 Telesis Court, 6 th Floor

Address: 

San Diego, CA 92121 

GRANT NOTICE PAGE 1

WEBSIDESTORY, INC. 
2006 EMPLOYMENT COMMENCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Pursuant to the Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice to which this Stock Option
Agreement (this Agreement is attached, WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company has granted to the
Optionee an option under the Company s 2006 Employment Commencement Equity Incentive Award Plan
(the Plan to purchase the number of shares of Stock indicated in the Grant Notice at the
exercise price indicated in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein
shall have the meanings specified in the Plan. The Option is subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan which are incorporated herein by reference.

ARTICLE I 
GRANT OF OPTION 

1.1 Grant of Option . In consideration of the Optionee s agreement to enter into
employment with the Company or a Subsidiary and for other good and valuable consideration,
effective as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ), the Company
irrevocably grants to the Optionee the Option to purchase any part or all of an aggregate of the
number of shares of Stock set forth in the Grant Notice, upon the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement. The Optionee acknowledges that the grant of the Option is an essential inducement
to the Optionee s entering into employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. The Option shall be a
Non-Qualified Stock Option.

1.2 Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of the shares of Stock subject to
the Option shall be as set forth in the Grant Notice, without commission or other charge.

1.3 Consideration to the Company . In consideration of the granting of the Option by
the Company, the Optionee agrees to render faithful and efficient services to the Company or any
Subsidiary, with such duties and responsibilities as the Company shall from time to time prescribe.
Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Optionee any right to (a) continue in
the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the
rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge the
Optionee, if the Optionee is an Employee, or (b) continue to provide services to the Company or any
Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, which are hereby expressly reserved, to terminate the services of Optionee, if the
Optionee is a Consultant, at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to
the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company and the
Optionee.

ARTICLE II 
PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY 

2.1 Commencement of Exercisability .

(a) Subject to Sections 2.3 and 4.8, the Option shall become exercisable in such amounts and
at such times as are set forth in the Grant Notice.

(b) No portion of the Option which has not become exercisable at Termination of Service (as
defined below) shall thereafter become exercisable, except as may be otherwise provided by the
Committee or as set forth in a written agreement between the Company and the Optionee.

2.2 Duration of Exercisability . The installments provided for in the vesting schedule
set forth in the Grant Notice are cumulative. Each such installment which becomes exercisable
pursuant to Section 3.1 shall remain exercisable until it becomes unexercisable under Section 2.3.

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 1

2.3 Expiration of Option . The Option may not be exercised to any extent by
anyone after the first to occur of the following events:

(a) The expiration of seven years from the Grant Date; or

(b) The expiration of ninety days following the date of the Optionee s Termination of Service,
unless such Termination of Service occurs by reason of the Optionee s death or Disability; or

(c) The expiration of one year following the date of the Optionee s Termination of Service by
reason of the Optionee s death or Disability.

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, Termination of Service means the time when the service
relationship (whether as an Employee, member of the Board or a Consultant) between the Optionee and
the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or without cause, including, but
not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death or Disability; but
excluding a termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment or continuing employment or
consultancy of the Optionee by the Company or any Subsidiary or a parent corporation of the
Company (within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code). The Committee, in its absolute
discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to Termination of
Service for the purposes of this Agreement, and all questions of whether particular leaves of
absence for Optionees who are Employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries constitute
Terminations of Service.

ARTICLE III 
EXERCISE OF OPTION 

3.1 Person Eligible to Exercise . Except as provided in Sections 4.2(b) and 4.2(c),
during the lifetime of the Optionee, only the Optionee may exercise the Option or any portion
thereof. After the death of the Optionee, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the
time when the Option becomes unexercisable under Section 2.3, be exercised by the Optionee s
beneficiary designated in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan. If no beneficiary has been
designated or survives the Optionee, the Option may be exercised by the person entitled to such
exercise pursuant to the Optionee s will or the laws of descent and distribution.

3.2 Partial Exercise . Any exercisable portion of the Option or the entire Option, if
then wholly exercisable, may be exercised in whole or in part at any time prior to the time when
the Option or portion thereof becomes unexercisable under Section 2.3.

3.3 Manner of Exercise . The Option, or any exercisable portion thereof, may be
exercised solely by delivery to the Secretary of the Company or the Secretary s office of all of
the following prior to the time when the Option or such portion thereof becomes unexercisable under
Section 2.3:

(a) An exercise notice in writing signed by the Optionee or the other person then entitled to
exercise the Option or portion thereof, stating that the Option or portion thereof is thereby
exercised, such notice complying with all applicable rules established by the Committee. Such
notice shall be substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A (or such other form as is
prescribed by the Committee) (the Exercise Notice and

(b) (i) Full payment (in cash or by check) for the shares with respect to which the
Option or portion thereof is exercised, to the extent permitted under applicable laws; or

(ii) With the consent of the Committee, such payment may be made, in whole or in part,
through the delivery of shares of Stock which have been owned by the Optionee for at least
six months, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company with a Fair Market Value on the date
of delivery equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion
thereof; or

(iii) To the extent permitted under applicable laws, through the delivery of a notice
that the Optionee has placed a market sell order with a broker with respect to shares of
Stock then issuable upon exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to
pay a sufficient portion of the net

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 2

proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the Option exercise price,
 provided , that payment of such proceeds is made to the Company upon settlement of such sale;
or

(iv) With the consent of the Committee, any combination of the consideration provided
in the foregoing subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii); and

(c) A bona fide written representation and agreement, in such form as is prescribed by the
Committee, signed by the Optionee or other person then entitled to exercise such Option or portion
thereof, stating that the shares of Stock are being acquired for the Optionee s own account, for
investment and without any present intention of distributing or reselling said shares or any of
them except as may be permitted under the Securities Act and then applicable rules and regulations
thereunder, and that the Optionee or other person then entitled to exercise such Option or portion
thereof will indemnify the Company against and hold it free and harmless from any loss, damage,
expense or liability resulting to the Company if any sale or distribution of the shares by such
person is contrary to the representation and agreement referred to above. The Committee may, in
its absolute discretion, take whatever additional actions it deems appropriate to ensure the
observance and performance of such representation and agreement and to effect compliance with the
Securities Act and any other federal or state securities laws or regulations. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Committee may require an opinion of counsel acceptable to it to
the effect that any subsequent transfer of shares acquired on an Option exercise does not violate
the Securities Act, and may issue stop-transfer orders covering such shares. Share certificates
evidencing Stock issued on exercise of the Option shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the
provisions of this subsection (c) and the agreements herein. The written representation and
agreement referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (c) shall, however, not be required
if the shares to be issued pursuant to such exercise have been registered under the Securities Act,
and such registration is then effective in respect of such shares; and

(d) Full payment to the Company (or other employer corporation) of all amounts which, under
federal, state or local tax law, it is required to withhold upon exercise of the Option. With the
consent of the Committee, (i) shares of Stock owned by the Optionee for at least six months duly
endorsed for transfer or (ii) shares of Stock issuable to the Optionee upon exercise of the Option,
having a Fair Market Value at the date of Option exercise equal to the statutory minimum sums
required to be withheld, may be used to make all or part of such payment; and

(e) In the event the Option or portion thereof shall be exercised pursuant to Section 3.1 by
any person or persons other than the Optionee, appropriate proof of the right of such person or
persons to exercise the Option.

3.4 Conditions to Issuance of Stock Certificates . The shares of Stock deliverable
upon the exercise of the Option, or any portion thereof, may be either previously authorized but
unissued shares or issued shares which have then been reacquired by the Company. Such shares shall
be fully paid and nonassessable. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any shares
of Stock purchased upon the exercise of the Option or portion thereof prior to fulfillment of all
of the following conditions:

(a) The admission of such shares to listing on all stock exchanges on which such Stock is then
listed; and

(b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares under any state
or federal law or under rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or of any
other governmental regulatory body which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, deem
necessary or advisable; and

(c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental
agency which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or
advisable; and

(d) The receipt by the Company of full payment for such shares, including payment of all
amounts which, under federal, state or local tax law, the Company (or other employer corporation)
is required to withhold upon exercise of the Option; and

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 3

(e) The lapse of such reasonable period of time following the exercise of the Option as the
Committee may from time to time establish for reasons of administrative convenience.

3.5 Rights as Stockholder . The holder of the Option shall not be, nor have any of the
rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company in respect of any shares purchasable upon the
exercise of any part of the Option unless and until such shares shall have been issued by the
Company to such holder. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless
otherwise determined by the Committee or required by applicable law, rule or regulation, the
Company shall not deliver to the Optionee certificates evidencing shares of Stock issued in
connection with the exercise of this Option and instead such shares of Stock will be recorded in
the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator).

ARTICLE IV 
OTHER PROVISIONS 

4.1 Administration . The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this
Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the
Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith shall be final
and binding upon the Optionee, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the
Committee shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good
faith with respect to the Plan, this Agreement or the Option.

4.2 Option Not Transferable .

(a) Subject to Section 4.2(b), the Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in
any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution unless and until the Option
has been exercised, or the shares underlying such Option have been issued, and all restrictions
applicable to such shares have lapsed. Neither the Option nor any interest or right therein shall
be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of the Optionee or his or her successors in
interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge,
encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or
by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable
proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void
and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding
sentence.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, with the consent of the Committee,
the Option may be transferred to, exercised by and paid to certain persons or entities related to
the Optionee, including but not limited to members of the Optionee s family, charitable institutes
or trusts or other entities whose beneficiaries or beneficial owners are members of the Optionee s
family or to such other persons or entities as may be expressly approved by the Committee (each a
 Permitted Transferee ), pursuant to such conditions and procedures as the Committee may require.
Any permitted transfer will be subject to the condition that the Committee receive evidence
satisfactory to it that the transfer is being made for estate and/or tax planning purposes (or to a
 blind trust in connection with the Optionee s Termination of Service with the Company or a
Subsidiary to assume a position with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit
institution) and on a basis consistent with the Company s lawful issue of securities.

(c) Unless transferred to a Permitted Transferee in accordance with Section 4.2(b), during the
lifetime of the Optionee, only the Optionee may exercise the Option or any portion thereof.
Subject to such conditions and procedures as the Committee may require, a Permitted Transferee may
exercise the Option or any portion thereof during the Optionee s lifetime. After the death of the
Optionee, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time when the Option becomes
unexercisable under Section 2.3, be exercised by the Optionee s beneficiary designated in
accordance with Section 10.4 of the Plan. If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the
Optionee, the Option may be exercised by the person entitled to such exercise pursuant to the
Optionee s will or the laws of descent and distribution.

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 4

4.3 Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Orders .

(a) The share certificate or certificates evidencing the shares of Stock purchased hereunder
shall be endorsed with any legends that may be required by state or federal securities laws.

(b) The Optionee agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to
herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if
any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to
the same effect in its own records.

(c) The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any shares of Stock that
have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement, or
(ii) to treat as owner of such shares of Stock or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to
any purchaser or other transferee to whom such shares shall have been so transferred.

4.4 Shares to Be Reserved . The Company shall at all times during the term of the
Option reserve and keep available such number of shares of Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy
the requirements of this Agreement.

4.5 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company
shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company, and any notice to be
given to the Optionee shall be addressed to the Optionee at the address given beneath the
Optionee s signature on the Grant Notice. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 4.5, either
party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any
notice which is required to be given to the Optionee shall, if the Optionee is then deceased, be
given to the Optionee s designated beneficiary if any, or the person otherwise entitled to exercise
his or her Option pursuant to Section 3.1 by written notice under this Section 4.5. Any notice
shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt
requested) and deposited in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United
States Postal Service.

4.6 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a
basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

4.7 Governing Law; Severability . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware excluding that body of law pertaining to
conflicts of law. Should any provision of this Agreement be determined by a court of law to be
illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain
enforceable.

4.8 Conformity to Securities Laws . The Optionee acknowledges that the Plan is
intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission thereunder, and state securities laws and regulations. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Option is granted and may be exercised,
only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to
conform to such laws, rules and regulations.

4.9 Amendments . This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by
an instrument in writing, signed by the Optionee or such other person as may be permitted to
exercise the Option pursuant to Section 3.1 and by a duly authorized representative of the Company.

4.10 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this
Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the
successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth,
this Agreement shall be binding upon the Optionee and his or her heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns.

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PAGE 5

EXHIBIT A 

TO GRANT NOTICE AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 

Effective as of today, , , the undersigned Optionee hereby elects to
exercise the Optionee s option to purchase shares of the common stock (the Shares of
WebSideStory, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the WebSideStory, Inc. 2006 Employment
Commencement Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock
Option Agreement dated , (the Option Agreement ). Capitalized terms not
specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Option Agreement.

Grant Date: 

Number of Shares as to which Option is
Exercised: 

Exercise Price per Share: 

Total Exercise Price: 

Certificate to be issued in name of: 

Cash Payment delivered herewith: 

(Representing
the full Exercise Price for
the Shares, as well as any
applicable withholding tax) 

Type of Option: Non-Qualified Stock Option

1. Representations of Optionee . The Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee has
received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement. The Optionee agrees to abide by
and be bound by their terms and conditions.

2. Rights as Stockholder . Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the
appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the
Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist
with respect to Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. No
adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the
date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Article 11 of the Plan.

3. Tax Consultation . The Optionee understands that the Optionee may suffer adverse
tax consequences as a result of the Optionee s purchase or disposition of the Shares. The Optionee
represents that the Optionee has consulted with any tax consultants the Optionee deems advisable in
connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that the Optionee is not relying on
the Company for any tax advice.

4. Binding Effect . The Optionee agrees that the Shares are being acquired in
accordance with and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Plan and the Option
Agreement, to all of which the Optionee hereby expressly assents. This Agreement, the Plan and the
Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all
prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Optionee with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

Submitted by: 
 
 Accepted by: 

WEBSIDESTORY, INC. 

Optionee 

By: 

Address:

Print Name: 

Title: 

EXERCISE NOTICE PAGE 1

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.18G>
 9
 v37326exv10w18g.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18G

exv10w18g 

Exhibit 10.18G 

SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
BASIC LEASE INFORMATION AND 
CANYON PARK TECHNOLOGY CENTER 
OFFICE BUILDING LEASE AGREEMENT 

This Sixth Amendment (this Sixth Amendment to the Canyon Park Technology Center Office
Building Lease Agreement and the Basic Lease Information pertaining thereto dated as of May 9,
2003, as amended (the Lease ), is entered into effective for all purposes as of January 11, 2008,
by and between TCU-CANYON PARK, successor in interest to TCU PROPERTIES I, LLC, a Utah limited
liability company Landlord ), and Omniture, Inc., a Delaware corporation Tenant ), having an
office at 550 East Timpanogos Circle, Orem, Utah 84097.

Recitals 

A. Landlord and Tenant are parties to the Lease, together with the First, Second, Third,
Fourth and Fifth Amendments to the Lease, for certain office space in Canyon Park Technology Center CPTC in Orem, Utah, defined in the Lease as the Premises. 

B. Tenant has reconfigured the bathrooms and installed showers in the basement (G02) of the
Premises, and Landlord has agreed to permit such improvements upon the terms and conditions set
forth herein below.

Agreement 

Therefore, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1. 
 
 Tenant Improvements in Basement of G02 Premises . Landlord and Tenant
hereby acknowledge and agree that Tenant has constructed, installed, and furnished
showers in the basement of the Premises and reconfigure the basement bathroom(s)
according to the terms and conditions hereof (the Tenant Improvements ), and that
Landlord hereby consents to the same. The Tenant Improvements were done in compliance
with the floor plan(s) attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by
this reference. Landlord hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Tenant Improvements
met the Canyon Park Building Standards and that the Tenant Improvements were completed
in compliance with the provisions of the Lease, including without limitation Section 9
of the Lease. The Tenant Improvements were constructed and finished by Landlord s
contractor, Natural Builders, or such other contractor/subcontractors designated by
Landlord. 

2. 
 
 Tenant Improvement Allowance . Landlord shall provide Tenant with a
Tenant Improvement Allowance of one third (1/3 rd of the total cost of the 

bathroom reconfiguration and installation of showers, up to a maximum amount of
 25,000.00, for the Tenant Improvements which were constructed as described in this
Sixth Amendment (the Tenant Improvement Allowance ). Tenant shall be responsible and
pay all costs incurred in connection with the Tenant Improvements which exceed the
Tenant Improvement Allowance, including without limitation the costs of labor and
materials. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that neither Landlord nor any of Landlord s
representatives have represented or warranted that the Tenant Improvement Allowance
shall be sufficient to pay for all of the Tenant Improvements constructed as described
herein. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that it is likely that the total costs of the
Tenant Improvements shall exceed the Tenant Improvement Allowance. 

3. 
 
 Plans, Specifications and Permits . Tenant and Landlord acknowledge
and agree that the Tenant Improvements were constructed according to the attached
floor plan(s), which floor plan(s) was approved by Landlord. Landlord shall arrange
for the architect/engineer to transfer said floor plans into blueprints for submission
to the City of Orem Building and Development Department for issuance of building
Permit(s) and shall submit the same to the City of Orem for permit. 

4. 
 
 Amounts Spent by Tenant for Improvements . Tenant hereby acknowledges
and agrees that all amounts it has spent to improve and/or repair all of the Premises
prior to the effective date of this Sixth Amendment are non-refundable. The Landlord
is not responsible in any way for reimbursing Tenant for any such amounts. 

5. 
 
 As-Is Condition . Tenant accepts the Premises added under this Sixth
Amendment in its existing, as-is condition, except for any Tenant Improvements as
outlined above, and acknowledges and agrees that Landlord shall provide no funds for
Tenant Improvements with respect to such additional Premises except as provided for
herein. 

6. 
 
 Restoration Responsibility . With regard to Tenant s responsibility,
at Landlord s option, to restore the Premises to its original condition as set forth
in Section 9 of the Lease and Section 8 of the 5 th Amendment, Landlord and
Tenant hereby acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the said restoration
requirement and any similar requirements set forth in the Lease, Landlord shall not
require and Tenant shall not be required to restore the Tenant Improvements made to
the G02 basement bathrooms and addition of showers hereunder to the condition the said
area was in prior to Tenant requesting said improvements; provided , however,
that the restoration obligation of Tenant under the Lease shall continue in full
force and effect for all other portions of the Premises and all other existing and
future Tenant Improvements. 

2 

7. 
 
 Same Terms . Except as amended herein, all other terms and conditions
of the Lease, as previously amended, shall remain in full force and effect. 

TENANT: 
 
OMNITURE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael S Herring

Name: 
 Mike Herring 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

TCU PROPERTIES I, LLC 

By: 
 Canyon Park Management Company, Inc., its Manager 

By: 
 /s/ Allen Finlinson

Name: 
 Allen Finlinson 

Title: 
 Vice President 

3 

EXHIBIT A 

Floor Plans 

INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 

</EX-10.18G>

<EX-10.18H>
 10
 v37326exv10w18h.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18H

exv10w18h 

Exhibit 10.18H 

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
BASIC LEASE INFORMATION AND 
CANYON PARK TECHNOLOGY CENTER 
OFFICE BUILDING LEASE AGREEMENT 

This Seventh Amendment (this Seventh Amendment to the Canyon Park Technology Center Office
Building Lease Agreement and the Basic Lease Information pertaining thereto, as amended (the
 Lease ), is entered into effective for all purposes as of
the 11th day of January 2008 by and
between TCU-CANYON PARK, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, successor in interest to PROPERTIES
I, LLC Landlord ), and OMNITURE, INC., a Delaware corporation Tenant ), having an office at 550
East Timpanogos Circle, Orem, Utah 84097. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the
meaning set forth in the Lease.

Recitals 

A. Landlord and Tenant are parties to the Lease, together with the First, Second, Third,
Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments to the Lease, for certain office space in Canyon Park Technology
Center CPTC in Orem, Utah, defined in the Lease as the Premises. 

B. Tenant desires to expand the Premises to include space in Building H at CPTC.

C. Tenant also desires to amend certain other provisions of the Lease as set forth below.

Agreement 

Therefore, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1. 
 
 Premises . The definition of Premises under the Lease is amended by
adding approximately 32, 144 rentable square feet of space located in Building
H at CPTC as set forth below (referred to herein collectively as the Seventh
Amendment Premises ): 

H12 
H13 
H22 
H23

2,920 RSF 
12,658 RSF 
3,873 RSF 
12,693 RSF 

The Seventh Amendment Premises are shown cross-hatched on the floor plans attached
hereto as Exhibit A Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the above, Tenant agrees that
other tenants in Building H will have access to

hallways and the stairwell in H12 and H22 to access their premises or shared areas
within building H as needed and approved by Landlord. 

2. 
 
 Building . The definition of Building under the Lease shall be
amended and replaced in its entirety by the following definition: 

Building : 
 
 Collectively, the Buildings located in the Park known as Canyon Park
Technology Center CPTC and designated as Building G and Building H on the
site plan of the Park attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

3. 
 
 Land . The definition of Land under the Lease shall be amended and
replaced in its entirety by the following definition: 

Land : 
 
 The land upon which Building G and Building H at CPTC are located,
as hatched or otherwise set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 

4. 
 
 Rentable Area . The Rentable Area of the Premises under the Lease
shall increase from 102,566 rentable square feet to 134,710 rentable square feet. 

5. 
 
 Basic Rental . Tenant agrees that the Basic Rental fee for the
Seventh Amendment Premises shall be 18.00 per rentable square foot per year, or
 48,216.00 monthly, and 578,592.00,194.00 annually. Monthly rent for the Seventh
Amendment Premises shall be due in accordance with the payment terms in the Lease. 

6. 
 
 Applicable Leased Buildings . The definition of Applicable Leased
Buildings in Paragraph 7(a) of Exhibit E Operating Expenses attached to the Lease
is amended by indicating that such term refers to Building G and Building H at
CPTC. The remainder of such definition shall remain unchanged and shall be in full
force and effect. 

7. 
 
 Applicable Share . The definition of Applicable Share in Paragraph
7(b) of Exhibit E Operating Expenses attached to the Lease is amended by indicating
that such term refers to 14.75 . The remainder of such definition shall remain
unchanged and shall be in full force and effect. 

8. 
 
 Commencement Date . The Commencement Date with respect to the Seventh
Amendment Premises shall be March 1, 2008. 

9. 
 
 Annual Increases . With regard to the Seventh Amendment Premises,
Basic Rental under the Lease shall escalate 0.50 per rentable square foot on each
one-year anniversary of the Commencement Date set forth above for the duration of the
Term of the Lease. 

10. 
 
 Term . The Term for the Seventh Amendment Premises shall be
co-terminus with the Lease Term and will expire at midnight on March 31, 2011. 

11. 
 
 Security Deposit . An additional security deposit equal to the last
month s Rent during the regular Term of the Lease for the Seventh Amendment Premises
totaling 52,234.00 shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord upon execution of this Seventh
Amendment. 

12. 
 
 Fire or Other Casualty . Paragraph 17 of the Lease is hereby amended
and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

Fire or Other Casualty . If twenty-five percent (25 or more of the entire
Premises is rendered wholly untenantable, and Landlord is unable to restore the
Premises to an acceptable condition within a reasonable amount of time, then either
party may terminate this Lease by notice to the other within thirty (30) days after
the occurrence of the casualty, and this Lease shall terminate as of the date of
the casualty. If neither party terminates this Lease, Landlord shall proceed with
reasonable diligence and at its sole cost and expense to rebuild and repair the
Premises, and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If the casualty
is due wholly or in part to an act or omission of Tenant or Tenant s agents,
employees, invitees or contractors, Tenant shall pay to Landlord any deductible
under Landlord s insurance policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Holder
requires that the insurance proceeds be used to retire a debt, or if any Lessor
should terminate a Master Lease as a result of any such casualty, then Landlord may
elect not to rebuild and this Lease shall terminate upon delivery to Tenant of a
notice to that effect. Landlord s obligation to rebuild and repair under this
Paragraph 17 shall in all events be limited to restoring the Premises to
substantially the condition same were in immediately preceding the casualty,
excluding all signs, fixtures, equipment or furniture of Tenant and any
alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises made by Tenant, whether
prior to or after the Commencement Date. Tenant agrees that promptly after
completion of such work by Landlord, Tenant shall proceed with reasonable diligence
and at its sole cost and expense to rebuild, repair and restore all signs,
furniture, equipment, fixtures and other improvements which may have been placed by
Tenant within the Premises. Provided that the casualty did not occur by reason of
any act or omission of Tenant or Tenant s agents, employees, invitees or
contractors, Landlord shall allow Tenant a diminution of Basic Rental during the
time the Premises are unfit for occupancy, which diminution shall be based upon the
proportion of square feet which are unfit for occupancy to the total square feet in
the Premises. Except as hereinafter provided, any insurance which may be carried by
Landlord or Tenant against loss or damage to the Premises shall be for the 

sole benefit of the party carrying such insurance and under its sole control.
Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining fire and extended coverage insurance for
full replacement cost upon all improvements and fixtures installed in the Premises
at Tenant s expense, if any, and the contents of the Premises. 

13. 
 
 Tenant Improvements . Landlord hereby agrees to provide Tenant with
an allowance of 7.20 per rentable square foot for a total of 235,677.60 for mutually
approved Tenant Improvements with respect to the Seventh Amendment Premises. 

14. 
 
 Tenant Notice Regarding Term . For the duration of the Term of the
Lease (as may be extended), Tenant hereby agrees to give Landlord written notice no
later than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the then-current Term of the Lease
of Tenant s intent to either (a) extend the Term of the Lease or (b) permit the Term
of the Lease to expire upon the end of the Term. If Tenant fails to give such written
notice to Landlord, the Term of the Lease shall automatically be renewed in each case
for an additional one-year period, subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease.
For the avoidance of any doubt, if Tenant gives proper notice hereunder that it will
permit the current Term of the Lease to expire on March 31, 2011, Landlord shall be
entitled to retain 167,756.69 of Tenant s security deposit as previously agreed to in
paragraph 10 of the Fifth Amendment to the Basic Lease Information and Canyon Park
Technology Center Office Building Lease Agreement by and between Tenant and Landlord
dated January 25, 2006. 

15. 
 
 Plans, Specifications and Permits . Tenant agrees to provide Landlord
with a copy of the floor plans for the Seventh Amendment Premises, approved and signed
by Tenant. Upon approval from Landlord, Landlord shall arrange for the
architect/engineer, at Tenant s expense, to transfer Tenant s signed floor plans into
blueprints for submission to the City of Orem Building and Development Department for
issuance of building Permit(s) and shall submit the same to the City of Orem for
permit. 

16. 
 
 Change Orders . Tenant shall sign and Landlord and Tenant shall
approve all change orders with respect to the Tenant Improvements to be constructed by
Landlord hereunder. 

17. 
 
 As-Is Condition . Tenant accepts the Seventh Amendment Premises in
its existing, as-is condition, except for any Tenant Improvements as outlined above,
and acknowledges and agrees that Landlord shall provide no funds for Tenant
Improvements with respect to the Seventh Amendment Premises except as provided for
herein. 

18. 
 
 Same Terms . Except as amended herein, all terms and conditions of
the Lease, as previously amended, shall remain in full force and effect. 

TENANT: 

OMNITURE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael S. Herring

Name: 
 Mike Herring 

Title: 
 CFO 

TCU-CANYON PARK, LLC 

By: 
 Canyon Park Management

Company, Inc., its Manager 

By: 
 /s/ Allen Finlinson

Name: 
 Allen Finlinson 

Title: 
 Vice President/General Manager 

</EX-10.18H>

<EX-10.19>
 11
 v37326exv10w19.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

exv10w19 

Exhibit 10.19 

OFFICE LEASE 

Between 

BRANNAN PROPCO, LLC 

(Landlord) 

and 

OMNITURE, INC. 

(Tenant) 

OFFICE LEASE 

THIS OFFICE LEASE Lease ), dated January 8, 2008 Lease Date is made and entered into by
and between BRANNAN PROPCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and OMNITURE,
INC., a Delaware corporation Tenant upon the following terms and conditions:

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Unless the context otherwise specifies or requires, the following terms shall have the
meanings specified herein;

1.1 Building and Common Areas .

(A) The term Building shall mean that certain office building located at 250 Brannan Street,
San Francisco, California, together with any related land, improvements, parking garage, common
areas, driveways, sidewalks, courtyards and landscaping.

(B) During the Term, Tenant and its employees shall have the non-exclusive right to use the
courtyard along with other tenants of the Building.

1.2 Premises . The term Premises shall mean the entire 3rd floor in the Building.
On the Third Floor North Commencement Date (as hereinafter defined), the Premises shall be
comprised of the 3rd floor south (excluding the penthouse) 3rd Floor South and the 3rd floor
north (the 3rd Floor North ). From and after the Third Floor North Commencement Date, the
Premises shall be comprised of the 3rd Floor South and the 3rd floor North; provided, however, the
penthouse shall be included as part of the 3rd Floor South and not part of the 3rd Floor North.
The Premises are more particularly shown on the drawing attached hereto as Exhibit A and
incorporated herein by reference. As used herein, Premises shall not include any separate
storage area in the Building. Prior to the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date, Tenant s obligations
with respect to the Premises shall be limited to the extent set forth herein.

1.3 Rentable Area of the Premises . The term Rentable Area of the Premises shall
mean (x) prior to the Third Floor North Commencement Date, 19,731 square feet with respect to the
3rd Floor North and 15,688 square feet with respect to the 3rd Floor South for an aggregate of
35,419 square feet and (y) after the Third Floor North Commencement Date 18,738 square feet with
respect to the 3rd Floor North and 16,681 square feet with respect to the 3rd Floor South for an
aggregate of 35,419 square feet. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not have to pay any
Property Taxes, Operating Expenses or Direct Reimbursement Expenses with respect to the 3rd Floor
North prior to the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date. Landlord and Tenant have stipulated these
measurements as the Rentable Area of the Premises. Tenant acknowledges that the Rentable Area of
the Premises includes the usable area, without deduction for columns or projections, multiplied by
a load factor to reflect a share of certain areas, which may include lobbies, corridors,
mechanical, utility, janitorial, boiler and service rooms and closets, restrooms and other public,
common and service areas of the Building.

1 

1.4 Lease Term . The term Lease Term shall mean the period between the 3rd Floor
South Commencement Date and the Expiration Date (as such terms are hereinafter defined), unless
sooner terminated as otherwise provided in this Lease.

1.5 Commencement Dates .

(A) The term Commencement Date shall mean, (x) with respect to the 3rd Floor South, the
later of (i) February 1, 2008 or (ii) the date Landlord has delivered possession of the 3rd Floor
South to Tenant in the condition required pursuant to Section 2.2(b) of this Lease 3rd Floor
South Commencement Date and (y) with respect to the Third Floor North, the earlier of (i) the
date upon which Tenant first occupies the 3rd Floor North for the conduct of business or (ii) the
date upon which Substantial Completion of 3rd Floor North Work occurs in accordance with the Work
Letter Agreement (the Work Letter attached as Exhibit B (the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date)
which is estimated to be June 1, 2008.

(B) Within fifteen (15) days after the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date, Tenant will execute
and deliver a Commencement Date Certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D. Within
fifteen (15) days after the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date, Tenant will execute and deliver a
Commencement Date Certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

1.6 Expiration Date . The term Expiration Date shall mean (i) if the 3rd Floor North
Commencement Date is the first day of a month, the date that is sixty (60) months from the date
preceding the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date; or (ii) if the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date
is not the first day of a month, the date which is sixty (60) months from the last day of the month
in which the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date occurs.

1.7 Base Rent . The term Base Rent shall mean:

(A) For the period from the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date to the 3rd Floor North
Commencement Date:

Period 
 
 Annualized 

Monthly 

Month 1

NA 

0 

Months 2 to 3rd Floor North Commencement Date

643,208.00 

53,600.67 

(B) For the period from the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date for the remainder of the Term:

Period 
 
 Annualized 

Monthly 

Month 1

NA 

53,600.67 

Months 2 to 12

1,452,179.00 

121,014.92 

Months 13 to 24

1,487,598.00 

123,966.50 

Months 25 to 36

1,523,017.00 

126,918.08 

2 

Period 
 
 Annualized 

Monthly 

Months 36 to 48

1,558,436.00 

129,869.67 

Months 49 to 60

1,593,855.00 

132,821.25 

(C) Base Rent for the second month of the Term after the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date
shall be paid on the Lease Date.

(D) Tenant shall pay Direct Reimbursement Expenses for each month of the Term commencing on
the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date.

(E) All rental payments shall be made payable to Brannan Propco LLC, and should be sent to
P.O. Box 975040, Dallas Texas 75397-5040, or to such other person or at such other place as
Landlord may from time to time designate in writing . 

Alternatively, payments may be wired as follows: 

Bank:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, New York, NY 

Bank ABA:

Intentionally Omitted 

Credit Account:

Brannan Propco, LLC 

252 Clayton Street 

Denver, CO 80206 

Account number:

Intentionally Omitted 

Reference:

(Please include reference for payment cash application) 

Bank Contact:

David Rowe 

Intentionally Omitted 

1.8 Tenant s Percentage Share . The term Tenant s Percentage Share shall mean (x)
with respect to the 3rd Floor South, 16.88 , (y) with respect to the 3rd Floor North, 21.23 , and
(z) with respect to the Premises an aggregate of 38.11 . Landlord may reasonably redetermine
Tenant s Percentage Share from time to time to reflect reconfigurations, additions or modifications
to the Building.

1.9 Base Year . 2008.

1.10 Security Deposit .

The term Security Deposit shall mean an amount equal to 1,280,000.00. The Security Deposit
shall be paid upon the execution of this Lease by Tenant by cash or through a Letter of Credit (as
defined in Article V). If the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date is not June 1, 2008,

3 

then and in such event the Letter of Credit shall be amended to provide that the final
expiration date of the Letter of Credit shall be the date that is sixty (60) days after the
Expiration Date of the Lease.

Provided that an Event of Default has not occurred with respect to Tenant prior to the end of
the twelfth (12th) month following the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date, the Security Deposit
shall be reduced to 300,000 commencing on the first (1st) day of the fourteenth (14th) month
following the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date.

If the foregoing conditions are met, Landlord shall promptly notify the issuer of the Letter
of Credit that the Letter of Credit may be so reduced, and the security deposit shall be so reduced
in accordance with this Section 1.10. Such reduction shall occur by means of delivery by Tenant to
Landlord of an amendment to the Letter of Credit reducing the amount thereof, or a substitute
Letter of Credit, in the exact form of the existing Letter of Credit, in such amount, in which
latter event, the original Letter of Credit will be promptly returned to Tenant.

1.11 Tenant s Permitted Use . The term Tenant s Permitted Use shall mean general
office use, software research and development, sales and customer training and administrative and
other uses customarily part of general office uses and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

1.12 Business Hours . The term Business Hours shall mean the hours of 7:00 A.M. to
6:00 P.M., Monday through Friday (federal and state holidays excepted).

1.13 Landlord s Address For Notices . The term Landlord s Address for Notices shall
mean Brannan PropCo, LLC, 252 Clayton, Denver, CO 80206, Attn: Asset Manager.

1.14 Tenant s Address For Notices . The term Tenant s Address for Notices shall mean
Omniture, Inc., 550 E Timpanogos Circle, Orem, UT 84097, Attn: Shane Koller, and to Omniture, Inc.,
550 E Timpanogos Circle, Orem, UT 84097, Attn: Accounts Payable.

1.15 Broker(s) . The term Broker shall mean Colliers International which represents
Landlord and Colliers International which represents Tenant.

1.16 Parking Spaces . Tenant will be permitted to use the following parking spaces
during the Lease Term in accordance with Section 27.26:

Type of Space 
 
 Number of Such Spaces 
 
 Monthly Charge per Space 

Parking Garage 
Unreserved

35 

Prevailing market rent
in effect from time to
time during the Term
which as of the Lease
Date is 260.00 per
space per month 

4 

1.17 Allowance . 1,280,805.00

Tenant shall have the right (i) to utilize any portion of the Allowance and Additional
Allowance (as defined in Section 1.18) for tenant improvements on any portion of the Premises and
(ii) to utilize the Allowance and Additional Allowance for a period up to the later of (i)
completion of the 3rd Floor South Work (as defined in Section 1 of the Work Letter) and (ii)
eighteen (18) months from the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date (the Build Out Period ). Tenant
shall have no right to any credit or payment for any portion of the Allowance and/or the Additional
Allowance which is not used by Tenant during the Build Out Period.

1.18 Additional Allowance . In addition to the Allowance specified in Section 1.17
above, Landlord shall, at Tenant s written election, provide an additional tenant improvement
allowance to Tenant (the Additional Allowance in an amount up to 187,380.00. The amount of the
Additional Allowance funded by Landlord shall be amortized in equal monthly installments payable by
Tenant over the then remaining Term of the Lease, at an annual interest rate of 9 , compounded
monthly, with such monthly payments to commence on the date of expenditure of the Additional
Allowance and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter during the initial Term of the
Lease. The Monthly Base Rent owing hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such monthly
amortization payments due hereunder (such monthly amortization payments being referred to herein as
the Additional Allowance Monthly Payment ). For example, if the Additional Allowance funded by
Landlord is 100,000.00 and such amount were disbursed 12 months after the 3rd Floor North
Commencement Date, then, in addition to the Monthly Base Rent amount above, Tenant would owe an
Additional Allowance Monthly Payment equal to 2,488.50 per month during the remainder of the
initial Term of the Lease.

ARTICLE II 

PREMISES 

2.1 Lease of Premises . Landlord hereby leases the Premises to Tenant, and Tenant
hereby leases the Premises from Landlord, upon all of the terms, covenants and conditions contained
in this Lease.

2.2 Acceptance of 3rd Floor South .

(A) Except as expressly set forth herein, Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has not made any
representation or warranty with respect to the condition of the 3rd Floor South or the Building or
with respect to the suitability or fitness of either for the conduct of Tenant s Permitted Use or
for any other purpose.

(B) Except for the Base Building Work set forth in Schedule 1 to the Work Letter which
Landlord has agreed to perform in accordance with the terms of the Work Letter prior to the 3rd
Floor South Commencement Date and the 3rd Floor South Work, if and when constructed, Tenant agrees
to accept the 3rd Floor South in its as is physical condition without any agreements,
representations, understandings or obligations on the part of Landlord to perform any alterations,
repairs or improvements. As of the Lease Date, Landlord has completed

5 

all Base Building Work with respect to the 3rd Floor South described in paragraphs 1 through 5
of Schedule 1 of the Work Letter and Landlord shall complete the Base Building Work described in
paragraphs 6 a., 7 and 8 on or before February 1, 2008. The Base Building Work described in
paragraph 6 b. of Schedule 1 to the Work Letter shall be completed as provided in paragraph 6 b. of
Schedule 1 to the Work Letter and Tenant acknowledges that the completion of such work is not a
condition precedent to the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date.

(C) Tenant shall have the right to enter into the 3rd Floor South after the Lease Date for the
purpose of installing furniture, fixtures and equipment and installing tenant improvements or other
special leasehold improvements, including telephone/data cabling and millwork, which entry shall be
subject to all the terms and provisions of this Lease and Section 8 of the Work Letter and the
Lease shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant for the Term and enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except that Tenant s obligation to pay Rent with respect to the 3rd Floor South shall not
commence until the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date.

(D) Landlord shall repair within a commercially reasonable time period, at its sole cost, all
items set forth in the punch list described in Section 5 of the Work Letter. In addition, Landlord
will repair at its sole cost any defects in the Base Building Work for the 3rd Floor South of which
it is notified in writing within one year after the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date.

(E) Tenant shall not be charged for freight elevators, security, access to loading docks,
utilities, or temporary HVAC (i) prior to the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date and (ii) during the
3 rd Floor South Construction Period (defined below) with respect to the 3rd Floor South.

(F) Tenant hereby waives Sections 1941 and 1942 of the Civil Code of California or any
successor provision of law.

(G) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the parties acknowledge that from and
after the date Tenant vacates the 3 rd Floor South for construction of the 3rd Floor
South Work pursuant to the terms of the Work Letter, through Substantial Completion of the
3 rd Floor South Work (the 3rd Floor South Construction Period ), although the Third
Floor South shall remain part of the Premises for all purposes of this Lease and Tenant shall pay
Base Rent and Additional Rent with respect to the 3rd Floor South, Tenant shall have no repair or
maintenance obligations with respect to the 3rd Floor South during such period and no obligation to
indemnify Landlord with respect to the 3rd Floor South during the 3rd Floor South Construction
Period, except as and to the extent such claim, loss or liability is the result of Tenant s
activities within the 3rd Floor North during such period.

(H) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease to the contrary, subject to Tenant Delay
(as defined in the Work Letter), if the 3 rd Floor Work has not been completed by the
date that is forty five (45) days after the 3rd Floor South Scheduled Completion Date (as defined
in Section 5 of the Work Letter), then and in such event, as Tenant s sole right and remedy with
respect to such delay, Tenant shall be entitled to one (1) day of free Monthly Base Rent with
respect to the 3rd Floor South (but no abatement as to the Monthly Base Rent for the

6 

3rd Floor North) for each day between 3 rd Floor South Scheduled Completion Date and
the actual date of completion of the 3rd Floor South (the 3rd Floor South Actual Completion
Date ). Any such free Monthly Base Rent shall be credited to Tenant commencing on the 3rd Floor
South Actual Completion Date. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the vacation of the 3rd Floor
South and the commencement of the 3rd Floor South Work shall not occur until after all permits
necessary for the performance of such work have been obtained by Landlord and its contractor.

(I) Landlord shall repair within a commercially reasonable time period, at its sole cost, all
items set forth in the punch list described in Section 5 of the Work Letter with respect to the
Third Floor South Work. In addition, Landlord will repair at its sole cost any defects in the 3rd
Floor South Work of which it is notified in writing within one year after the 3rd Floor South
Completion Date.

2.3 Acceptance of 3rd Floor North .

(A) Except as expressly set forth herein, Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has not made any
representation or warranty with respect to the condition of the 3rd Floor North or the Building or
with respect to the suitability or fitness of either for the conduct of Tenant s Permitted Use or
for any other purpose.

(B) Except for the 3rd Floor North Work described in Schedules 1 and 2 of the Work Letter
which Landlord has agreed to perform in accordance with the terms of the Work Letter for the 3rd
Floor North, Tenant agrees to accept the 3rd Floor North in its as is physical condition without
any agreements, representations, understandings or obligations on the part of Landlord to perform
any alterations, repairs or improvements. The Base Building Work described in paragraph 6 b. of
Schedule 1 to the Work Letter shall be completed as provided in paragraph 6 b. of Schedule 1 to the
Work Letter and Tenant acknowledges that the completion of such work is not a condition precedent
to the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date.

(C) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease to the contrary, subject to Tenant
Delays, if the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date has not occurred by the date that is ninety (90)
days after the 3rd Floor North Scheduled Completion Date (as defined in the Work Letter), then and
in such event, as Tenant s sole right and remedy with respect to such delay (except as provided in
the next sentence), Tenant shall be entitled to one (1) day of free Monthly Base Rent with respect
to the 3rd Floor North (but no abatement as to the Monthly Base Rent for the 3rd Floor South) for
each day between the 3rd Floor North Scheduled Completion Date and the actual 3rd Floor North
Commencement Date. In addition, subject to Tenant Delays, Tenant shall have the right to terminate
this Lease by written notice to Landlord if the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date does not occur by
the date that is two hundred seventy (270) days after the 3rd Floor North Scheduled Completion Date Outside Completion Date ). If Tenant exercises such termination right, Tenant shall have no
other rights or remedies arising out of the failure of the Premises to be completed by the Outside
Completion Date. Any such free Monthly Base Rent shall be credited to Tenant commencing on the 3rd
Floor North Commencement Date.

(D) Landlord shall repair within a commercially reasonable time period, at its sole cost, all
items set forth in the punch list described in Section 5 of the Work Letter. In

7 

addition, Landlord will repair at its sole cost any defects in the Base Building Work for the
3rd Floor North and any defects in the 3rd Floor North Work (which is not Base Building Work) of
which it is notified in writing within one year after the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date.

(E) Provided that the same is not a Tenant Delay (as defined in the Work Letter), Tenant shall
have the right to enter into the 3rd Floor North after the Lease Date for the purpose of installing
furniture, fixtures and equipment and installing tenant improvements or other special leasehold
improvements, including telephone/data cabling and millwork, which entry shall be subject to all
the terms and provisions of this Lease and Section 8 of the Work Letter and the Lease shall be
binding upon Landlord and Tenant for the Term and enforceable in accordance with its terms, except
that Tenant s obligation to pay Rent shall not commence until the 3rd Floor North Commencement
Date.

(F) Tenant shall not be charged for freight elevators, security, access to loading docks,
utilities, or temporary HVAC prior to the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date with respect to the 3rd
Floor North.

(G) Tenant hereby waives Sections 1941 and 1942 of the Civil Code of California or any
successor provision of law.

ARTICLE III 

TERM; OPTION TO RENEW; RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER 

3.1 Term . The Lease Term shall be for the period described in Section 1.4 of this
Lease, commencing on the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date described in Section 1.5 of this Lease,
and, except as expressly set forth herein, Landlord shall not be liable for any damage caused to
Tenant, nor shall the Lease be void or voidable if Landlord is unable to deliver the Premises to
Tenant on any date certain so long as Landlord is using commercially reasonable efforts to so
deliver the Premises.

3.2 Option to Extend 

(A) Tenant shall have the option to renew this Lease with respect to the entire Premises for
one (1) additional term of five (5) years Renewal Options ), commencing upon expiration of the
Term. The Renewal Option must be exercised, if at all, by written notice given by Tenant to
Landlord no earlier than twelve (12) and no later than nine (9) months prior to expiration of the
Term. If Tenant properly exercises the Renewal Option, references in the Lease to the Term shall
be deemed to mean the renewal term, unless the context clearly provides otherwise. The Renewal
Option shall be null and void and Tenant shall have no right to renew this Lease if (i) as of the
date immediately preceding the commencement of the renewal term, Tenant or a Permitted Transferee
is not in occupancy of either the entirety of the 3rd Floor South or the 3rd Floor North, or (ii)
on the date Tenant exercises the Renewal Option an Event of Default (as defined in Section 15.1)
shall have occurred and be continuing, or (iii) on the commencement date of the renewal term, a
monetary Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

8 

(B) If Tenant properly exercises the Renewal Option, then during the renewal term all of the
terms and conditions set forth in this Lease as applicable to the Premises during the Term shall
apply during the renewal term, except that (i) Tenant shall have no further right to renew this
Lease, and (ii) Tenant shall take the Premises in their then as-is state and condition and
Landlord shall have no obligation to make or pay for any improvements to the Premises, and (iii)
during the renewal period the Base Rent payable by Tenant shall be the then fair market rent for
the Premises based upon the terms of this Lease, as renewed and (iv) the Base Year shall be the
Base Year in which the renewal term commences.

(C) For purposes of this Section, the term fair market rent shall mean the rental rate for
comparable renewal space under primary lease (and not sublease) to new tenants (without the
obligation to pay a tenant improvement allowance but taking into account the condition and value of
the existing tenant improvements), taking into consideration such amenities as existing Building
improvements, view, floor on which the Premises are situated and the like, situated in comparable
buildings of similar style and quality in the South of Market Street Area, taking into
consideration the then-prevailing ordinary rental market practices with respect to tenant
concessions (if any). The Base Rent payable during any renewal Term shall increase annually in
accordance with the increases assumed in the determination of the fair market rent. 

(D) If Tenant properly exercises the Renewal Option to extend the Term of the Lease, the Base
Rent shall be adjusted to an amount equal to the fair market rent for the Premises as specified by
Landlord by notice to Tenant not less than ninety (90) days prior to commencement of such renewal
Term, subject to Tenant s right of arbitration as set forth below. If Tenant believes that the
fair market rent specified by Landlord exceeds the actual fair market rent for the Premises as of
commencement of such renewal term, then Tenant shall so notify Landlord within ten (10) days
following receipt of Landlord s notice. If the parties are unable to agree upon the fair market
rent for the Premises within ten (10) days after Landlord s receipt of notice of Tenant s
objection, the amount of Base Rent as of commencement of the renewal Term shall be determined as
follows:

(E) Within twenty (20) days after receipt of Landlord s notice specifying fair market rent,
Tenant, at its sole expense, shall obtain and deliver in writing to Landlord a determination of the
fair market rent for the Premises for a term equal to the option term from an appraiser Tenant s
appraiser who shall be a Member of the American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers with not less
than 10 years experience in the South of Market Street area, San Francisco, California. If
Landlord accepts such determination, the Base Rent for the option term shall be adjusted to an
amount equal to the amount determined by Tenant s broker.

(F) If Landlord does not accept such determination, within twenty (20) days after receipt of
the determination of Tenant s appraiser, Landlord shall designate an appraiser Landlord s
appraiser who shall be a Member of the American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers with the same
qualifications and shall deliver in writing to Tenant a determination of the fair market rent for
the premises for a term equal to the option term from Landlord s appraiser.

9 

(G) If Tenant does not accept such determination, Landlord s appraiser and Tenant s appraiser
shall name a third appraiser, similarly qualified, within five (5) days after the appointment of
Landlord s appraiser. Each of said three appraisers shall determine the fair market rent for the
Premises as of the commencement of the renewal Term within fifteen (15) days after the appointment
of the third appraiser. The third appraiser shall choose the determination of the Landlord s
appraiser or the Tenant s appraiser which is closest to its own determination of fair market rent.
The Base Rent payable by Tenant effective as of the commencement of the renewal Term shall be the
rent proposed by either Landlord s appraiser or Tenant s appraiser which is closest to the
determination of the fair market rent by the third appraiser.

(H) Landlord shall pay the costs and fees of Landlord s appraiser in connection with any
determination hereunder, and Tenant shall pay the costs and fees of Tenant s appraiser in
connection with such determination. The costs and fees of any third appraiser shall be paid
one-half by Landlord and one-half by Tenant.

(I) If the amount of the fair market rent is not known as of the commencement of the renewal
Term, then Tenant shall continue to pay the Base Rent in effect at the expiration of the term until
the amount of the fair market rent is determined. When such determination is made, Tenant shall
pay any deficiency to Landlord within thirty (30) days after demand.

3.3 Right of First Offer .

(A) Landlord shall provide Tenant with a notice in the event that during the Term (including
during the renewal term), Available Premises (as hereinafter defined) becomes available (the Right
of First Offer ).

(B) As used in this Section, Available Premises shall mean space in the Building which becomes
available for leasing to third parties after the Lease Date. Space shall not be deemed to be
Available Premises if an existing tenant renews or extends its term whether pursuant to the terms
of an extension right or otherwise.

(C) For a period of fifteen (15) business days after receipt of Landlord s notice, Landlord
and Tenant shall negotiate in good faith concerning the leasing of such space but neither party
shall be obligated to enter into a lease of such space unless the parties mutually agree on the
terms and conditions of such lease. Such lease shall be upon market terms, taking into account,
among other criteria, the then creditworthiness of Tenant and Tenant acknowledges that the term for
such space may be different from the Term for the Premises and that the rent and tenant improvement
package for such space may be different than the rent and tenant improvement package for the
Premises. This Right of First Offer shall continue to exist during the Term (including the renewal
term) for other Available Premises and for Available Premises for which a lease has expired or
terminated.

(D) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained, herein, all rights of Tenant pursuant
to this Section shall automatically terminate without notice and shall be of no further force and
effect with respect to the then Available Premises, whether or not Tenant has

10 

timely exercised the option granted herein, (i) if an Event of Default exists at the time of
exercise of the option or at the time of commencement of the term for the Available Premises or
(ii) Tenant has assigned this Lease other than to a Permitted Transferee (as defined in Section
14.1) or (iii) Tenant or a Permitted Transferee is not in occupancy of at least 70 of the
Premises as it may then exist at the time a Right of First Offer notice is given to Tenant or at
the time the term for such Available Premises commences.

(E) If Tenant is entitled to and properly exercises its Right of First Offer, Landlord shall
prepare a reasonable amendment to reflect changes in the Base Rent, Term, Tenant Improvement
Allowance and other appropriate terms. Tenant shall execute and return the amendment to Landlord
within ten (10) days after Tenant s receipt of same.

ARTICLE IV 

RENTAL 

4.1 Definitions . As used herein,

(A) Property Taxes shall mean the aggregate amount of all real estate taxes, assessments
(whether they be general or special), sewer rents and charges, transit taxes, and any other
federal, state or local governmental charge, general, special, ordinary or extraordinary (but not
including income or franchise taxes, capital stock, inheritance, estate, gift, or any other taxes
imposed upon or measured by Landlord s gross income or profits, unless the same shall be imposed in
lieu of real estate taxes or other ad valorem taxes), which Landlord shall pay or become obligated
to pay in connection with the Building, or any part thereof. Property Taxes shall include any tax,
assessment, levy, imposition or charge imposed upon Landlord and measured by or based in whole or
in part upon the Building or the rents or other income from the Building, to the extent that such
taxes are in lieu of real property taxes. Property Taxes shall also include all fees and costs,
including attorneys fees, appraisals and consultants fees, reasonably incurred by Landlord in
seeking to obtain a reassessment, reduction of, or a limit on the increase in, any Property Taxes,
regardless of whether any reduction or limitation is obtained. Property Taxes for any calendar
year shall be Property Taxes which are assessed or become a lien during such year but in no event
shall be an amount in excess of the amount which would be payable if such tax or assessment were
paid in installments over the longest permitted term without a penalty or fee. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a reassessment of the Building for ad valorem property tax purposes, including any
reassessment pursuant to California Constitution Article 13A and Sections 60 through 67 of the
California Revenue Taxation Code, occurs, then Tenant shall be obligated to pay Tenant s
Percentage Share of any such additional Property Taxes resulting from any such reassessment with
respect to the Building. Property Taxes shall also include any personal property taxes imposed
upon the furniture, fixtures, machinery, equipment, apparatus, systems and appurtenances of
Landlord used at the Building.

(B) Operating Expenses shall mean all costs, fees, disbursements and expenses paid or
incurred by or on behalf of Landlord in the operation, ownership, maintenance, insurance,
management, replacement and repair of the Building, excluding Property Taxes and Direct
Reimbursement Expenses (as each is hereinafter defined) including without limitation:

11 

(i) Premiums for property, casualty, liability, rent interruption, earthquake or other types
of insurance carried by Landlord and commercially reasonable deductibles in connection with any
insured casualty; provided, however that (x) Tenant s Percentage Share of deductibles for
earthquake insured casualty shall not exceed 100,000.00 for any occurrence and (y) Tenant s
Percentage Share of any uninsured casualty or so long as Landlord has in place the insurance
required under this Lease, partially insured casualty shall not exceed 50,000.00.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if earthquake, terrorism or flood insurance is not carried in the
Base Year and is then obtained by Landlord in a subsequent year, the Base Year Operating Expenses
shall be grossed up to reflect the reasonable cost of such earthquake, terrorism or flood
insurance as if it had been included in the Base Year.

(ii) Salaries, wages and other amounts paid or payable for personnel including the building
manager, superintendent, operation and maintenance staff, and other employees of Landlord involved
in the maintenance and operation of the Building, including contributions and premiums towards
fringe benefits, unemployment, disability and worker s compensation insurance, pension plan
contributions and similar premiums and contributions and the total charges of any independent
contractors or property managers engaged in the operation, repair, care, maintenance and cleaning
of any portion of the Building.

(iii) Building and common area cleaning expenses, including without limitation janitorial
services, window cleaning, and garbage and refuse removal, excluding Direct Reimbursement Expenses.

(iv) Landscaping expenses, including without limitation irrigating, trimming, mowing,
fertilizing, seeding, and replacing plants.

(v) Heating, ventilating, air conditioning and steam/utilities expenses, including fuel, gas,
electricity, water, sewer, telephone, and other services to the common areas of the Building
(excluding Direct Reimbursement Expenses).

(vi) Subject to the provisions of Section 4.1(B)(xii) below, the cost of maintaining,
operating, repairing and replacing components of equipment or machinery, including without
limitation heating, refrigeration, ventilation, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, elevator,
escalator, sprinklers, fire/life safety, security, access control and energy management systems,
including service contracts, maintenance contracts, supplies and parts.

(vii) Other items of repair or maintenance of elements of the Building.

(viii) The costs of policing, security and supervision of the Building.

(ix) Fair market rental and other costs with respect to the management office located at the
Building.

(x) The cost of the rental of any machinery or equipment and the cost of supplies used in the
maintenance and operation of the Building.

12 

(xi) Audit fees and the cost of accounting services incurred in the preparation of statements
referred to in this Lease and financial statements, and in the computation of the rents and charges
payable by tenants of the Building.

(xii) Capital expenditures or improvements (collectively, Capital Improvements (a) made
primarily to reduce Operating Expenses, or to comply with any laws or other governmental
requirements enacted (or with respect to the ADA only, as interpreted or enforced) after the date
of this Lease, or (b) for replacements (as opposed to additions or new improvements) of
nonstructural items located in the common areas of the property required to keep such areas in good
condition; provided, all such permitted Capital Improvements in excess of 50,000.00 (together with
reasonable financing charges) shall be amortized for purposes of this Lease over the shorter of (i)
their useful lives, as reasonably determined by Landlord, or (ii) the period during which the
reasonably estimated savings in Operating Expenses equals the expenditures. Capital Improvements
of 50,000.00 or less may be expensed by Landlord in the year in which such expenditure occurs.

(xiii) Legal fees and expenses.

(xiv) A fee for the administration and management of the Building as reasonably determined by
Landlord from time to time.

Operating Expenses shall not include costs incurred in connection with the presence of Hazardous
Materials, except to the extent such costs are the responsibility of Tenant pursuant to Article VI
of the Lease, any management fee in excess of 3 of gross receipts of the Building, costs of
alteration of the premises of tenants of the Building, depreciation charges, interest and principal
payments on mortgages, ground rental payments, real estate brokerage, attorneys fees and leasing
commissions incurred in connection with any tenant leases, expenses incurred in enforcing
obligations of tenants of the Building, salaries and other compensation of executive officers of
the managing agent of the Building senior to the building manager, costs of any special service
provided to any one tenant of the Building but not to tenants of the Building generally, and costs
of marketing or advertising the Building. In addition, Operating Expenses shall not include and
Tenant shall have no obligation to perform or to pay directly, or to reimburse Landlord for the
following costs: (a) costs occasioned by the act, omission or violation of any law by Landlord or
its respective agents, employees or contractors; (b) increases in insurance costs to the extent
caused by the activities of another occupant of the Building, (c) expense reserves, (d) Capital
Improvements, except to the extent set forth in clause 4.1(B)(xii) above, (e) costs to comply with
any laws or other governmental requirements enacted (or with respect to the ADA only, as
interpreted or enforced) as of the date of this Lease, and (f) wages, compensation, and labor
burden for any employee not stationed on the Building except based on the percentage of their time
reasonably allocated to services for the Building.

(C) Direct Reimbursement Payments shall mean all charges for (i) utilities serving the
Premises, including heating, ventilating, air conditioning and steam/utilities expenses, fuel, gas,
electricity, water, sewer, telephone, and other services and (ii) janitorial services provided to
the Premises, whether such expenses are paid to the Landlord or directly to the utility provider or
service vendor.

13 

(D) If the Building is not fully occupied during an entire calendar year, or portion thereof,
during the Lease Term, then the variable cost component of Property Taxes and Operating
Expenses shall be equitably adjusted so that the total amount of Property Taxes and Operating
Expenses equals the total amount which would have been paid or incurred by Landlord had the
Building been fully occupied for the entire calendar year. In no event shall Landlord be entitled
to receive from Tenant and any other tenants in the Building an aggregate amount in excess of
actual Operating Expenses as a result of the foregoing provision.

4.2 Base Rent . During the Lease Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord as rental for the
Premises the Base Rent described in Section 1.7 above, subject to the following adjustments (herein
called the Rent Adjustments ): During each applicable calendar year, or portion thereof, during
the Lease Term, the Base Rent payable by Tenant to Landlord, as adjusted pursuant to Section 1.7
above, shall be increased by (collectively, the Tax and Operating Expense and Direct Reimbursement
Payments Adjustment ): (i) Tenant s Percentage Share of the increase in Operating Expenses
incurred by Landlord during each year during the Term of this Lease over the Base Year Operating
Expenses, (ii) Tenant s Percentage Share of the increase in Property Taxes incurred by Landlord
during each year during the Term of this Lease over the Base Year Property Taxes, and (iii) during
each year of the Term, Direct Reimbursement Payments to the extent reimbursable to Landlord and not
paid directly to the utility provider or service vendor (collectively, Rent Adjustments ). A
decrease in Property Taxes or Operating Expenses below the Base Year Operating Expenses or Base
Year Property Taxes shall not decrease the amount of the Base Rent due hereunder or give rise to a
credit in favor of Tenant.

4.3 Adjustment Procedure; Estimates . The Tax and Operating Expense and Direct
Reimbursement Payments Adjustment specified in Section 4.2 shall be determined and paid as follows:

(A) During each calendar year, or portion thereof, during the Lease Term, Landlord shall give
Tenant written notice of Base Year Operating Expenses and Base Year Taxes and its estimate of any
increased amounts payable under Section 4.2 for that calendar year for Operating Expenses, Property
Taxes and/or Direct Reimbursement Expenses, respectively as the case may be. On or before the
first day of each calendar month during the calendar year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord one-twelfth
(1/l2th) of such estimated amounts; provided, however, that, not more often than quarterly,
Landlord may, by written notice to Tenant, revise its estimate for such year, and subsequent
payments by Tenant for such year shall be based upon such revised estimate.

(B) Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of each calendar year or as soon
thereafter as is practicable, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to
Tenant a statement of that year s Property Taxes, Operating Expenses, and Direct Reimbursement
Expenses, and the actual Tax and Operating Expense and Direct Reimbursement Payments Adjustment to
be made pursuant to Section 4.2 for such calendar year, as determined by Landlord (the Landlord s
Statement and such Landlord s Statement shall be binding upon Tenant, except as provided in
Section 4.4 below. If the amount of the actual Tax and Operating Expense and Direct Payments
Adjustment is more than the estimated payments for such calendar year made by Tenant, Tenant shall
pay the deficiency to Landlord within thirty (30) days following receipt of Landlord s Statement.
If the amount of the actual Tax and Operating

14 

Expense and Direct Reimbursement Payments Adjustment is less than the estimated payments for
such calendar year made by Tenant, any excess shall be paid to Tenant within thirty (30) days. No
delay in providing the statement described in this subparagraph (B) shall act as a waiver of
Landlord s right to payment under Section 4.2 above.

(C) If this Lease shall terminate on a day other than the end of a calendar year, the amount
of the Tax and Operating Expense and Direct Reimbursement Payments Adjustment to be paid pursuant
to Section 4.2 that is applicable to the calendar year in which such termination occurs shall be
prorated on the basis of the number of days from January 1 of the calendar year to the termination
date bears to 365. The termination of this Lease shall not affect the obligations of Landlord and
Tenant pursuant to Section 4.3 to be performed after such termination.

4.4 Review of Landlord s Statement . Provided that (a) Tenant is not then in default
beyond any applicable cure period of its obligations to pay Base Rent, additional rent described in
Section 4.2, or any other payments required to be made by it under this Lease and (b) Tenant
strictly complies with the provisions of this Section 4.4, Tenant shall have the right, once each
calendar year, to reasonably review relevant supporting data for any portion of a Landlord s
Statement, in accordance with the following procedure:

(A) Tenant shall, within thirty (30) days after any such Landlord s Statement is delivered,
deliver a written notice to Landlord notifying Landlord of its election to inspect Landlord s books
and records relating to the Landlord s Statement, and Tenant shall simultaneously pay to Landlord
all amounts due from Tenant to Landlord as specified in the Landlord s Statement. In no event
shall Tenant be entitled to withhold, deduct, or offset any monetary obligation of Tenant to
Landlord under the Lease (including, without limitation, Tenant s obligation to make all payments
of Base Rent and all payments of Tenant s Tax and Operating Expense and Direct Reimbursement
Payments Adjustment) pending the completion of and regardless of the results of any review of
records under this Section 4.4. The right of Tenant under this Section 4.4 may only be exercised
once per year for any Landlord s Statement, and if Tenant fails to meet any of the above conditions
as a prerequisite to the exercise of such right, the right of Tenant under this Section 4.4 for a
particular Landlord s Statement shall be deemed waived.

(B) Tenant acknowledges that Landlord maintains its records for the Building at Landlord s
manager s corporate offices and Tenant agrees that any review of records under this Section 4.4
shall be at the sole expense of Tenant and shall, at Tenant s election, be conducted by an
independent firm of certified public accountants on an non-contingency basis or an auditing firm
provided that (i) the auditing firm is paid solely on a non-contingency basis and (ii) the person
performing such audit shall be a certified public accountant. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that
any records reviewed under this Section 4.4 constitute confidential information of Landlord, which
shall not be disclosed to anyone other than Tenant, the accountants performing the review and
Tenant s lawyers and real estate advisors. Tenant shall require each person or entity who is not
an employee of Tenant (excluding Tenant s attorneys) to execute an agreement obligating such person
or entity to comply with the nondisclosure requirements of this Section and shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to monitor the

15 

compliance with such agreement. The breach by Tenant of its obligations under this Section
shall constitute a material breach of this Lease.

4.5 Payment . Concurrently with the execution hereof, Tenant shall pay Landlord Base
Rent for the second calendar month of the Lease Term after the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date in
the amount of 121,014.92. Thereafter the Base Rent described in Section 1.7, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 4.2, shall be payable in advance on the first day of each calendar month.
If the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date or the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date is other than the
first day of a calendar month, the prepaid Base Rent for such partial month shall be prorated in
the proportion that the number of days this Lease is in effect during such partial month bears to
the total number of days in the calendar month. All Rent, and all other amounts payable to
Landlord by Tenant pursuant to the provisions of this Lease, shall be paid to Landlord, without
notice, demand, abatement, deduction or offset, in lawful money of the United States at Landlord s
office in the Building or to such other person or at such other place as Landlord may designate
from time to time by written notice given to Tenant. No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord
of a lesser amount than the correct Rent due hereunder shall be deemed to be other than a payment
on account; nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying any
check or payment be deemed to effect or evidence an accord and satisfaction; and Landlord may
accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover the balance or pursue
any other remedy in this Lease or at law or in equity provided.

4.6 Late Charge; Interest . Tenant acknowledges that the late payment of Base Rent or
any other amounts payable by Tenant to Landlord hereunder (all of which shall constitute additional
rental to the same extent as Base Rent) will cause Landlord to incur administrative costs and other
damages, the exact amount of which would be impracticable or extremely difficult to ascertain.
Landlord and Tenant agree that if Landlord does not receive any such payment on or before five (5)
days after the date the payment is due, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as additional rent, (a) a
late charge equal to five percent (5 of the overdue amount or 200.00 whichever is greater to
cover such additional administrative costs; and (b) interest on the delinquent amounts at the
lesser of the maximum rate permitted by law if any or twelve percent (12 per annum from the date
due to the date paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any non-regularly recurring payments
under this Lease (i.e, not payments of Monthly Base Rent or other payments made on a monthly
basis), Tenant shall be provided written notice and five (5) days to cure such non-regularly
recurring payment one (1) time each calendar year prior to the imposition of the foregoing late
charge and default interest.

4.7 Additional Rent . For purposes of this Lease, all amounts payable by Tenant to
Landlord pursuant to this Lease, whether or not denominated as such, shall constitute additional
rental hereunder. Such additional rental, together with the Base Rent and Rent Adjustments, shall
sometimes be referred to in this Lease as Rent .

16 

ARTICLE V 

SECURITY DEPOSIT 

(A) Upon the execution of this Lease, Tenant shall deposit with Landlord the Security Deposit
described in Section 1.10 above in cash or through a Letter of Credit (as hereinafter defined).

(B) For purposes of this Lease, Letter of Credit shall mean an unconditional, irrevocable
sight draft letter of credit, drawable in the San Francisco Bay Area, issued by Silicon Valley
Bank or another bank reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, naming Landlord as beneficiary and
otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Landlord. The Letter of Credit shall be for a one
(1) year term and shall provide: (i) that Landlord may make partial and multiple draws thereunder;
(ii) that if Tenant fails to pay rent or other charges due under the Lease, or otherwise defaults,
after applicable notice and cure periods, if any, with respect to any provision of the Lease, or if
Landlord is otherwise permitted under the terms of the Lease to draw upon the Letter of Credit,
Landlord may at its sole option draw upon the Letter of Credit and the bank will honor a sight
draft of Landlord; (iii) that other than the delivery of any required statement by Landlord, the
bank shall honor such draw without inquiry and the bank shall not have the authority, ability,
right or discretion to inquire as to the basis for such statement; (iv) that in the event of
Landlord s assignment or other transfer of its interest in the Lease, the Letter of Credit shall be
freely transferable by Landlord, one or more times, without recourse to the Landlord or the
assignee or transferee of such interest and Tenant shall be responsible for any transfer fees or
charges imposed by the issuer of the Letter of Credit in connection with Landlord s transfer or
assignment thereof; (v) that the Letter of Credit is governed by the Uniform Customs and Practice
for Documentary Credits (2007 revisions), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600;
(vi) that the Letter of Credit will be automatically renewed upon the expiration of its term for
additional one (1) year periods, not to extend beyond sixty (60) days after the Expiration Date of
the Lease; and, (vii) that if the bank does not confirm the extension of the Letter of Credit at
least sixty (60) days prior to the relevant annual expiration date or if Tenant does not substitute
a replacement Letter of Credit by such date, or if a Default occurs under the Lease, Landlord shall
be entitled to draw on the Letter of Credit and to hold and apply such funds as an additional
Security Deposit in accordance with the terms of the Lease. In the event that Landlord draws upon
the Letter of Credit solely due to Tenant s failure to renew the Letter of Credit at least sixty
(60) days before its expiration (i) such failure to renew shall not constitute a default hereunder
and (ii) Tenant shall at any time thereafter be entitled to provide Landlord with a replacement
Letter of Credit that satisfies the requirements hereunder, at which time Landlord shall return the
cash proceeds of the original Letter of Credit drawn by Landlord. Landlord and Tenant hereby
approve the form of Letter of Credit attached hereto as Exhibit G .

(C) If Landlord draws upon the Letter of Credit in accordance with the terms of this Lease,
Tenant shall within ten (10) days after Landlord s draw deposit with Landlord a cash sum or
substitute Letter of Credit in an amount which when added to the amount available to be drawn under
the Letter of Credit equals the face amount of the Letter of Credit. Tenant s failure to do so
shall be a material breach of this Lease and entitle Landlord to draw down the entire Letter of
Credit.

17 

(D) The Security Deposit is made by Tenant to secure the faithful performance of all the
terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed by Tenant. If Tenant shall default
with respect to any covenant or provision hereof beyond applicable notice and cure periods, if any,
Landlord may use, apply or retain all or any portion of the Security Deposit to cure such default
or to compensate Landlord for any loss or damage which Landlord may suffer thereby pursuant to
Section 1951.2 of the California Civil Code. If Landlord so uses or applies all or any portion of
the Security Deposit, Tenant shall immediately upon written demand deposit cash with Landlord in an
amount sufficient to restore the Security Deposit to the full amount hereinabove stated. Landlord
shall not be required to keep the Security Deposit separate from its general accounts and Tenant
shall not be entitled to interest on the Security Deposit. Within thirty (30) days after the
expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term, the Security Deposit or any balance thereof
shall be returned to Tenant (or, at Landlord s option, to Tenant s assignee), provided that
subsequent to the expiration of this Lease, Landlord may retain from said Security Deposit all
amounts necessary to compensate Landlord for any and all defaults by Tenant under the Lease,
including post termination damages. Tenant hereby waives the provisions of Section 1950.7 of the
California Civil Code and all other provisions of law, now or hereafter in effect, which provide
that Landlord may claim from a Security Deposit only those sums reasonably necessary to remedy
defaults in the payment of rent, to repair damage caused by Tenant or to clean the Premises, it
being agreed that Landlord may, in addition, claim those sums specified in this Article V above
and/or those sums reasonably necessary to compensate Landlord for any other loss or damage,
foreseeable or unforeseeable, caused by the acts or omissions of Tenant or any officer, employee,
agent, contractor or invitee of Tenant.

ARTICLE VI 

USE OF PREMISES 

6.1 Tenant s Permitted Use . Tenant shall have access to the Building and the Premises
seven (7) days a week, twenty-four (24) hours a day. Tenant shall use the Premises only for
Tenant s Permitted Use as set forth in Section 1.10 above and shall not use or permit the Premises
to be used for any other use or purpose whatsoever, without Landlord s prior written consent.
Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain all governmental licenses and permits required
to allow Tenant to conduct Tenant s Permitted Use. Landlord disclaims any warranty that the
Premises are suitable for Tenant s use, and Tenant acknowledges that it has had a full opportunity
to make its own determination in this regard.

6.2 Compliance With Laws and Other Requirements .

(A) Except as otherwise provide herein and in the Work Letter, Tenant shall cause the Premises
to comply in all material respects with all laws, ordinances, regulations and directives of any
governmental authority having jurisdiction including, without limitation, any certificate of
occupancy and any law, ordinance, regulation, covenant, condition or restriction affecting the
Building or the Premises which in the future may become applicable to the Premises.

(B) Tenant shall not use the Premises, or permit the Premises to be used, in any manner which:
(i) violates any Applicable Law; (ii) causes or is reasonably likely to cause

18 

damage to the Building or the Premises; (iii) violates a requirement or condition of any fire
and extended insurance policy covering the Building and/or the Premises, or increases the cost of
such policy; (iv) constitutes or is reasonably likely to constitute a nuisance, annoyance or
inconvenience to other tenants or occupants of the Building or its equipment, facilities or
systems; (v) interferes with, or is reasonably likely to interfere with, the transmission or
reception of microwave, television, radio, telephone or other communication signals by antennae or
other facilities located in the Building; or (vi) violates the Rules and Regulations described in
Article XIX.

(C) Tenant shall not place a load upon any floor of the Premises exceeding the floor load per
square foot area which such floor was designed to carry and which may be allowed by law. Landlord
reserves the right to prescribe the weight and position of all heavy equipment and similar items,
and to prescribe the reinforcing necessary, if any, which in the opinion of Landlord may be
required under the circumstances, such reinforcing to be at Tenant s prepaid expense.

(D) The parties acknowledge that safety and security devices, services and programs provided
by Landlord, if any, while intended to deter crime and ensure safety, may not in given instances
prevent theft or other criminal acts, or ensure safety of persons or property. The risk that any
safety or security device, service or program may not be effective, or may malfunction, or be
circumvented by a criminal, is assumed by Tenant with respect to Tenant s property and interests,
and Tenant shall obtain insurance coverage to the extent Tenant desires protection against such
criminal acts and other losses, as further described in this Lease. Tenant agrees to cooperate in
any reasonable safety or security program developed by Landlord or required by Law.

(E) Landlord shall be responsible, at its cost and expense and not as an Operating Expense,
for all code compliance work (i) to the common areas of the Building, if any, including but not
limited to the path of travel, common area bathrooms fixtures, drinking fountains and required
seismic upgrades and (ii) required to comply with any laws or other governmental requirements
enacted (or with respect to the ADA only, as interpreted or enforced) as of the date of this Lease.

(F) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Tenant shall not be required to comply
with or cause the Premises to comply with any laws, rules, regulations or insurance requirements
requiring the construction of alterations unless such compliance is necessitated solely due to
Tenant s particular use of the Premises.

6.3 Hazardous Materials .

(A) No Hazardous Materials, as defined herein, shall be Handled, as also defined herein, upon,
about, above or beneath the Premises or any portion of the Building by or on behalf of Tenant, its
subtenants or its assignees, or their respective contractors, clients, officers, managers, members,
partners, directors, employees, agents, or invitees. Any such Hazardous Materials so Handled shall
be known as Tenant s Hazardous Materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, normal quantities of
Tenant s Hazardous Materials customarily used in the conduct of general administrative and
executive office activities (e.g., copier fluids

19 

and cleaning supplies) may be Handled at the Premises without Landlord s prior written
consent. Tenant s Hazardous Materials shall be Handled at all times in compliance with the
manufacturer s instructions therefor and all applicable Environmental Laws, as defined herein.

(B) Notwithstanding the obligation of Tenant to indemnify Landlord pursuant to this Lease,
Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, promptly take all actions required by any Regulatory
Authority, as defined herein, which requirements or necessity arises from the Handling of Tenant s
Hazardous Materials upon, about, above or beneath the Premises or any portion of the Building.
Such actions shall include, but not be limited to, the investigation of the environmental condition
of the Premises or any portion of the Building, the preparation of any feasibility studies or
reports and the performance of any cleanup, remedial, removal or restoration work. Except as
otherwise agreed to by Landlord based upon advise of its environmental consultants, Tenant shall
take all actions necessary to restore the Premises or any portion of the Building to the condition
existing prior to the introduction of Tenant s Hazardous Materials, notwithstanding any less
stringent standards or remediation allowable under applicable Environmental Laws. Tenant shall
nevertheless obtain Landlord s written approval prior to undertaking any actions required by this
Section 6.3(B), which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld so long as such actions would not
potentially have a material adverse long-term or short-term effect on the Premises or any portion
of the Building.

(C) Tenant agrees to execute affidavits, representations, and the like from time to time at
Landlord s request describing the Hazardous Materials used at the Premises by Tenant.

(D) Landlord represents to its knowledge that (i) no Hazardous Materials is present on or
about the Building in violation of Environmental Laws and (ii) there is no action pending before
any Regulatory Authority regarding the presence of Hazardous Materials in the Building.

(E) Landlord has disclosed to Tenant and Tenant has acknowledged that a small amount of
non-friable encapsulated asbestos is located in the stairway leading to the penthouse and that such
encapsulated asbestos will not be removed by Landlord.

(F) In no event shall Tenant be liable for the removal or remediation of any Hazardous
Materials or for any costs or expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with such removal or
remediation except to the extent the removal or remediation of such Hazardous Materials is the
responsibility of Tenant pursuant to this Section 6.3. Except as expressly set forth herein with
respect to Tenant s obligations, Landlord shall pay or cause others to pay for the removal or
remediation of any Hazardous Materials in the Building or the Premises which are in violation of
Environmental Laws.

(G) Definitions 

(i) Environmental Laws means and includes all now and hereafter existing statutes, laws,
ordinances, codes, regulations, rules, rulings, orders, decrees, directives, policies and
requirements by any Regulatory Authority regulating, relating to, or imposing liability or
standards of conduct concerning public health and safety or the environment.

20 

(ii) Hazardous Materials means: any hazardous or toxic substance, material, or waste which
is or becomes regulated by any local governmental authority, the State of California or the United
States Government. The term Hazardous Material includes, without limitation, any material or
substance which is (i) defined as Hazardous Waste, Extremely Hazardous Waste, or Restricted
Hazardous Waste under Sections 25115, 25117 or 25122.7, or listed pursuant to Section 25140, of
the California Health and Safety Code, Division 20, Chapter 6.5 (Hazardous Waste Control Law); (ii)
defined as a Hazardous Substance under Section 25316 of the California Health and Safety Code,
Division 20, Chapter 6.8 (Carpenter-Presley-Tanner Hazardous Substance Account Act), (iii) defined
as a Hazardous Material, Hazardous Substance, or Hazardous Waste under Section 22501 of the
California Health and Safety Code, Division 20, Chapter 6.95 (Hazardous Materials Release Response
Plans and Inventory), (iv) defined as a Hazardous Substance under Section 25281 of the California
Health and Safety Code, Division 20, Chapter 6.7 (Underground Storage of Hazardous Substances), (v)
petroleum, (vi) asbestos, (vii) lead containing surface material, (viii) designated as a Hazardous
Substance pursuant to Section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1317),
(ix) defined as a Hazardous Waste pursuant to Section 1004 of the Federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. (42 U.S.C. 6903), or (x) defined as a Hazardous
Substance pursuant to Section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. (42 U.S.C. 9601).

(iii) Handle, handle, Handled, handled, Handling, or handling shall mean any
installation, handling, generation, storage, treatment, use, disposal, discharge, release,
manufacture, refinement, presence, migration, emission, abatement, removal, transportation, or any
other activity of any type in connection with or involving Hazardous Materials.

(iv) Regulatory Authority shall mean any federal, state or local governmental agency,
commission, board or political subdivision.

ARTICLE VII 

UTILITIES; SERVICES AND SIGNAGE 

7.1 Building Services . Landlord agrees to furnish or cause to be furnished to the
Premises the following utilities and services, subject to the conditions and standards set forth
herein, the cost of which shall either be Operating Expenses or a Direct Reimbursement Expenses in
accordance with the terms of this Lease:

(A) Non-attended automatic elevator service (if the Building has such equipment serving the
Premises), in common with Landlord and other tenants and occupants and their agents and invitees,
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

(B) During Business Hours, such air conditioning, heating and ventilation as, in Landlord s
reasonable judgment, are required for the comfortable use and occupancy of the Premises with
typical heat and occupancy loads for the Permitted Use; provided, however, that if Tenant shall
require heating, ventilation or air conditioning in excess of that which Landlord

21 

shall be required to provide hereunder, Landlord may provide such additional heating,
ventilation or air conditioning at such rates and upon such additional conditions as shall be
determined by Landlord from time to time. Tenant will have the right to request, upon reasonable
advance written or email notice to Landlord, HVAC services for the Premises after Business Hours,
and Tenant will be responsible for paying Landlord s then hourly charge for supplying such services
(as reasonably determined by Landlord from time to time) as additional Rent. Tenant acknowledges
that at present, notification for HVAC services during weekends would have to be provided no later
than 2:00 PM on the preceding Friday. The hourly cost for HVAC supplied after Building Hours as of
the Lease Date is 75.00 per hour

(C) Water for drinking and rest room purposes.

(D) Reasonable janitorial and cleaning services five (5) days per week to the Common Areas.

(E) At Tenant s sole cost, Tenant shall contract with Landlord s janitorial vendor to provide
janitorial and cleaning services to the Premises five (5) days a week and, the cost of removal of
Tenant s refuse and rubbish, to the extent that the same exceeds the refuse and rubbish attendant
to normal office usage.

(F) An access control security system for after-hours use by all tenants in the Building.

(G) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 7.1, Landlord and
Tenant acknowledge that the Premises will be separately metered for electricity serving the lights
and convenience outlets and server rooms in the Premises. Tenant will pay any costs of installing,
maintaining or replacing such separate utility meter, and Tenant will reimburse Landlord directly
for such separately metered electricity. Notwithstanding such separate metering of electricity
usage within the Premises if Tenant s increased electrical requirements or other sources of heat
will materially affect the temperature level in the Premises or the Building, Landlord may require
Tenant to pay such amounts as will be incurred by Landlord to install and operate any machinery or
equipment necessary to restore the temperature level to that otherwise required to be provided by
Landlord, including but not limited to the cost of modifications to the air conditioning system.
Landlord shall not, in any way, be liable or responsible to Tenant for any loss or damage or
expense which Tenant may incur or sustain if, for any reasons beyond Landlord s reasonable control,
either the quantity or character of electric service is changed or is no longer available or
suitable for Tenant s requirements. Tenant covenants that at all times its use of electric current
shall never exceed the capacity of the feeders, risers or electrical installations of the Building.

(H) Any amounts which Tenant is required to pay to Landlord pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall
be payable within thirty (30) days after written demand by Landlord and shall constitute additional
Rent.

7.2 Interruption of Services . Landlord shall not be liable for any failure to
furnish, stoppage of, or interruption in furnishing any of the services or utilities described in
Section 7.1, when such failure is caused by accident, breakage, repairs, strikes, lockouts, labor
disputes, labor

22 

disturbances, governmental regulation, civil disturbances, acts of war, moratorium or other
governmental action, or any other cause beyond Landlord s reasonable control, and, in such event,
Tenant shall not be entitled to any damages nor shall any failure or interruption abate or suspend
Tenant s obligation to pay Base Rent and additional rent required under this Lease or constitute or
be construed as a constructive or other eviction of Tenant. Further, in the event any governmental
authority or public utility promulgates or revises any law, ordinance, rule or regulation, or
issues mandatory controls or voluntary controls relating to the use or conservation of energy,
water, gas, light or electricity, the reduction of automobile or other emissions, or the provision
of any other utility or service, Landlord may take any reasonably appropriate action to comply with
such law, ordinance, rule, regulation, mandatory control or voluntary guideline and Tenant s
obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any such action of Landlord. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant hereby waives the provisions of Section 1932(l)
of the California Civil Code or any other applicable existing or future law, ordinance or
governmental regulation permitting the termination of this Lease due to such failure or
interruption. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Lease to the contrary,
in the event that any utility, communication or other building service is interrupted for more than
five (5) consecutive business days, or for more than ten (10) business days in a single month
whether or not consecutive, as a result of Landlord s or its agents, contractors or employees
active negligence or Landlord s breach of Landlord s obligations under this Lease (as distinct from
a failure of such utility or service which is area wide, a Force Majeure event or which occurred
and was not caused by Landlord s or its agents , employees or contractors active negligence or
breach of Landlord s obligations hereunder), then and in such event, Tenant shall receive an
abatement of Rent until such service(s) are restored; provided however that if and to the extent
such failure is covered by rent interruption insurance, Landlord shall process such claim and shall
provide Tenant with the benefit of any such payments from the date received.

7.3 Signage .

(A) Landlord, at its sole cost and expense, will provide (a) the initial Building standard
identification of Tenant on the main floor lobby directory, including a logo of appropriate size;
and (b) the initial Building standard identification signage at the entry to the Premises. Any
subsequent changes to the suite identification or directory signage (including any update of any
computer directory) will be at Tenant s sole cost. Tenant may, at its sole cost and expense,
install additional signage at the entrance to its Premises and in the elevator lobbies of its
Premises provided, however that all such additional signage shall be subject to the Landlord s
prior written approval as to the location, size, lettering, materials, color, lighting and content
of the sign, which approval may be given or withheld in the sole but reasonable discretion of
Landlord.

(B) Tenant shall have the non-exclusive right to display eyebrow signage on the exterior Exterior Signage of the South Building upon the following terms:

(i) An exhibit of Tenant s location and design of the proposed Exterior Signage is attached
hereto as Exhibit F. Notwithstanding anything in Exhibit F to the contrary, Landlord has approved
only the front view of the box and not the top view and mounting details associated with the top
view?

23 

(i) Landlord makes no representations and warranties regarding the approval of any Exterior
Signage or the conditions imposed by the City of San Francisco.

(ii) Tenant understands and agrees that the use of the Exterior Signage to identify any entity
except Omniture, Inc. will require the prior written approval of Landlord, which approval may be
given or denied in its sole and absolute discretion. In no event may Tenant assign the Exterior
Signage except in connection with the assignment of its entire interest under this Lease, and in no
event may Tenant sublease the Exterior Signage except in connection with a sublease to a permitted
subtenant occupying substantially all of the Premises of Tenant in the Building Signage
Transfer ). Landlord shall have the right to approve any Signage Transfer, including, without
limitation, a Signage Transfer to an Affiliate. Tenant understands and acknowledges that Landlord
may apply more stringent criteria to approve a Signage Transfer than to approve an assignment or
subletting under the Lease and Landlord may elect to consent to an assignment of this Lease or a
subletting of the Premises but to exercise the right to terminate the right to Exterior Signage
unless (x) after such assignment or subletting, Tenant remains an ongoing, active business entity
and (y) Tenant notifies Landlord that Tenant will continue to use such Exterior Signage solely to
identify Omniture, Inc. and no other entity.

(iii) Tenant shall comply, at its sole cost and expense, with any and all laws and
governmental requirements applicable to the Exterior Signage, including, without limitation, all
historical designation regulations and requirements.

(iv) Tenant shall not install any sign without having obtained all necessary permits and
licenses. If and to the extent different in any respect from the Signage Exhibit, all such signage
shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval as to the location, size, lettering,
materials, color, lighting and content of the sign, which approval may be given or withheld in the
sole but reasonable discretion of Landlord. Landlord shall provide its response to Tenant s
submittals of signage location, design and content under this subsection within seven (7) days
after Landlord s receipt of such information.

(v) Tenant shall pay for all engineering costs and all costs of designing, installing,
maintaining and removing the Exterior Signage. Upon the end of the Term, Tenant shall, at its sole
cost and expense, restore the exterior wall to the condition it was in prior to such installation,
ordinary wear and tear, acts of God, casualties and condemnation excepted.

ARTICLE VIII 

MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS 

8.1 Landlord s Obligations . Except as provided in Sections 8.2 and 8.3 below,
Landlord shall maintain the Building in reasonable order and repair throughout the Lease Term, and
except as expressly provided herein, Landlord shall not be liable for any failure to make any
repairs or to perform any maintenance. Landlord shall at its cost and not as an Operating Expense
for non-routine maintenance, repair and/or replacement of the roof and the parking garage,
including resurfacing of the parking garage to the extent directly caused by any construction
defects. Except as provided herein, there shall be no abatement of Rent, nor shall there be any
liability of Landlord, by reason of any injury or inconvenience to, or interference

24 

with, Tenant s business or operations arising from the making of, or failure to make, any
maintenance or repairs in or to any portion of the Building provided, however, that Landlord shall
not impair Tenant s operations more than reasonably necessary. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, Landlord shall perform and construct, and Tenant shall have no responsibility to
perform or construct, any repair, maintenance or improvements (a) necessitated by the acts or
omissions of Landlord or any other occupant of the Building, or their respective agents, employees
or contractors, (b) for which Landlord has received reimbursement from others, (c) to the
structural portions of the Premises, (d) to the heating, ventilating, air conditioning, electrical,
water, sewer, and plumbing systems serving the Premises and the Building, (e) to any portion of the
Building outside of the demising walls of the Premises, or (f) any Capital Improvements.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall pay for its share of the repairs described in (c), (d),
(e) and/or (f) above if and to the extent (x) such costs are properly included in Operating
Expenses or (y) such expenditures are required as a result of Tenant s negligence or willful
misconduct.

8.2 Tenant s Obligations . During the Lease Term, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and
expense, maintain the Premises in the condition received (including, without limitation, the
carpet, wall covering, doors, plumbing and other fixtures, equipment, alterations and improvements,
whether installed by Landlord or Tenant). Further, except to the extent of Landlord s waiver in
Section 10.6, Tenant shall be responsible for, and upon demand by Landlord shall promptly reimburse
Landlord for, any damage to any portion of the Building or the Premises caused by (a) Tenant s
activities in the Building or the Premises; (b) the performance or existence of any alterations,
additions or improvements made by Tenant in or to the Premises; (c) the installation, use,
operation or movement of Tenant s property in or about the Building or the Premises; or (d) any act
or omission by Tenant or its officers, managers, members, partners, employees, agents, contractors
or invitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall perform all Capital Improvements within
the Premises, which shall either be performed at Landlord s expenses, Tenant s expense or as an
Operating Expense as otherwise provided in this Lease.

8.3 Landlord s Rights . Landlord and its contractors shall have the right, at all
reasonable times and upon prior oral or telephonic notice to Tenant at the Premises, other than in
the case of any emergency in which case no notice shall be required, to enter upon the Premises to
make any repairs to the Premises or the Building reasonably required or deemed reasonably necessary
by Landlord and to erect such equipment, including scaffolding, as is reasonably necessary to
effect such repairs. Any entry by Landlord and Landlord s agents hereunder shall not impair
Tenant s operations more than reasonably necessary, and shall comply with Tenant s reasonable
security measures.

ARTICLE IX 

ALTERATIONS, ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS 

9.1 Landlord s Consent; Conditions . Tenant shall not make or permit to be made any
alterations, additions, or improvements in or to the Premises Alterations without the prior
written consent of Landlord, which consent, with respect to nonstructural alterations, shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Landlord may impose as a condition to making any Alterations such

25 

requirements as Landlord in its reasonable discretion deems necessary or desirable including
without limitation: Tenant s submission to Landlord, for Landlord s prior written approval, of all
plans and specifications relating to the Alterations; Landlord s prior written approval of the time
or times when the Alterations are to be performed; Landlord s prior written approval of the
contractors and subcontractors performing work in connection with the Alterations; Tenant s receipt
of all necessary permits and approvals from all governmental authorities having jurisdiction over
the Premises prior to the construction of the Alterations; and Tenant s payment to Landlord of all
costs and expenses incurred by Landlord because of Tenant s Alterations, including but not limited
to costs incurred in reviewing the plans and specifications for, and the progress of, the
Alterations. Subject to the foregoing, Landlord shall not charge Tenant with a construction
management fee in connection with any Alteration. Tenant is required to provide Landlord written
notice of whether the Alterations include the Handling of any Hazardous Materials and whether these
materials are of a customary and typical nature for industry practices. Upon completion of the
Alterations, Tenant shall provide Landlord with copies of as-built plans. Neither the approval by
Landlord of plans and specifications relating to any Alterations nor Landlord s supervision or
monitoring of any Alterations shall constitute any warranty by Landlord to Tenant of the adequacy
of the design for Tenant s intended use or the proper performance of the Alterations.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Tenant may construct non-structural Alterations in
the Premises without Landlord s prior approval but upon prior written notice to Landlord, if the
costs of any projects do not exceed Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 25,000) and Tenant shall, at the
request of Landlord remove such Alterations at the end of the Term.

9.2 Performance of Alterations Work . All work relating to the Alterations shall be
performed in compliance with the plans and specifications approved by Landlord, all applicable
laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and directives of all governmental authorities having
jurisdiction and the requirements of all carriers of insurance on the Premises and the Building,
the Board of Underwriters, Fire Rating Bureau, or similar organization, including, without
limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as it may be amended
from time to time, and any governmental regulations with respect thereto and Title 24 of the
California Administrative Code. All work shall be performed in a diligent, first class manner and
so as not to unreasonably interfere with any other tenants or occupants of the Building. All costs
incurred by Landlord relating to the Alterations shall be payable to Landlord by Tenant as
additional rent upon demand. No asbestos-containing materials shall be used or incorporated in the
Alterations. No lead-containing surfacing material, solder, or other construction materials or
fixtures where the presence of lead might create a condition of exposure not in compliance with
Environmental Laws shall be incorporated in the Alterations.

9.3 Liens . Tenant shall pay when due all costs for work performed and materials
supplied to the Premises. Tenant shall keep Landlord, the Premises and the Building free from all
liens, stop notices and violation notices relating to the Alterations or any other work performed
for, materials furnished to or obligations incurred by or for Tenant and Tenant shall protect,
indemnify, hold harmless and defend Landlord, the Premises and the Building of and from any and all
loss, cost, damage, liability and expense, including attorneys fees, arising out of or related to
any such liens or notices. Further, Tenant shall give Landlord not less than seven (7) business
days prior written notice before commencing any Alterations in or about the Premises to permit
Landlord to post appropriate notices of non-responsibility. During the

26 

progress of such work, Tenant shall, upon Landlord s request, furnish Landlord with lien
waivers covering all work theretofore performed. Tenant shall satisfy or otherwise discharge all
liens, stop notices or other claims or encumbrances within ten (10) days after Landlord notifies
Tenant in writing that any such lien, stop notice, claim or encumbrance has been filed. If Tenant
fails to pay and remove such lien, claim or encumbrance within such ten (10) days, Landlord, at its
election, may pay and satisfy the same and in such event the sums so paid by Landlord, with
interest from the date of payment at the rate set forth in Section 4.6 hereof for amounts owed
Landlord by Tenant shall be deemed to be additional rent due and payable by Tenant within thirty
(30) days following without notice or demand.

9.4 Lease Termination . Except as provided in this Section 9.4, upon expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord in the same
condition as existed on the completion of the 3 rd Floor North Work and the
3 rd Floor South Work, as applicable, subject to reasonable wear and tear, casualty,
condemnation, Hazardous Materials (other than those released or emitted by Tenant), and alterations
or other interior improvements which it is permitted to surrender at the termination of this Lease.
In no event shall Tenant be required to remove Landlord s Work. All Alterations shall become a
part of the Premises and shall become the property of Landlord upon the expiration or earlier
termination of this Lease, unless Landlord shall, by written notice given to Tenant at the time
Landlord consents to such Alterations, require Tenant to remove some or all of Tenant s
Alterations, in which event Tenant shall promptly remove the designated Alterations at the end of
the Lease Term and shall promptly repair any resulting damage, all at Tenant s sole expense. All
business and trade fixtures, machinery and equipment, furniture, movable partitions and items of
personal property owned by Tenant or installed by Tenant at its expense in the Premises shall be
and remain the property of Tenant; upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant
shall, at its sole expense, remove all such items and repair any damage to the Premises or the
Building caused by such removal. If Tenant fails to remove any such items or repair such damage
promptly after the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, Landlord may, but need not, do
so with no liability to Tenant, and Tenant shall pay Landlord the cost thereof upon demand.
Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, in the event that Landlord gives its consent,
pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.1 of this Lease, to allow Tenant to make an Alteration in
the Premises, Landlord agrees to notify Tenant in writing at the time of the giving of such consent
whether Landlord will require Tenant, at Tenant s cost, to remove such Alteration at the end of the
Lease Term.

ARTICLE X 

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 

10.1 Indemnification .

(A) Except to the extent of Landlord s waiver in Section 10.7, Tenant agrees to protect,
indemnify, hold harmless and defend Landlord and any Mortgagee, as defined herein, and each of
their respective partners, directors, officers, managers, members, agents and employees, successors
and assigns, (except to the extent of the losses described below are caused by the gross negligence
of Landlord, its agents and employees), from and against:

27 

(i) any and all loss, cost, damage, liability or expense as incurred (including but not
limited to reasonable attorneys fees and legal costs) to the extent arising out of or related to
any claim, suit or judgment brought by or in favor of any person or persons for damage, loss or
expense due to, but not limited to, bodily injury, including death, or property damage sustained by
such person or persons to the extent arising out of, or attributable to the use or occupancy of the
Premises or any portion of the Building by Tenant or the acts or omissions of Tenant or its agents,
employees, contractors, clients, invitees or subtenants. Such loss or damage shall include, but
not be limited to, any injury or damage to, or death of, Landlord s employees or agents or damage
to the Premises or any portion of the Building.

(ii) any and all environmental damages which arise from: (i) the Handling of any Tenant s
Hazardous Materials, as defined in Section 6.3 (ii) the breach of any of the provisions of Section
6.3 of this Lease. For the purpose of this Lease, environmental damages shall mean (a) all
claims, judgments, damages, penalties, fines, costs, liabilities, and losses (including without
limitation, diminution in the value of the Premises or any portion of the Building, damages for the
loss of or restriction on use of rentable or usable space or of any amenity of the Premises or any
portion of the Building, and from any adverse impact of Landlord s marketing of space); (b) all
reasonable sums paid for settlement of claims, attorneys fees, consultants fees and experts 
fees; and (c) all costs incurred by Landlord in connection with investigation or remediation
relating to the Handling of Tenant s Hazardous Materials, whether or not required by Environmental
Laws. To the extent that Landlord is held strictly liable by a court or other governmental agency
of competent jurisdiction under any Environmental Laws as a result of Tenant s use of Hazardous
Materials, Tenant s obligation to Landlord and the other indemnities under the foregoing
indemnification shall likewise be without regard to fault on Tenant s part with respect to the
violation of any Environmental Law which results in liability to the indemnitee. Tenant s
obligations and liabilities pursuant to this Section 10.1 shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Lease.

(B) Except to the extent of Tenant s waivers in Section 10.7, Landlord agrees to protect,
indemnify, hold harmless and defend Tenant from and against any and all loss, cost, damage,
liability or expense, including reasonable attorneys fees, with respect to any claim of damage or
injury to persons or property at the Premises, caused by the active negligence or willful
misconduct of Landlord or its agents or employees, violation of law or default of its obligations
hereunder, after applicable notice and cure periods.

(C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing shall be interpreted or
used to in any way affect, limit, reduce or abrogate any insurance coverage provided by any
insurers to either Tenant or Landlord.

(D) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, nothing herein shall be
construed to infer or imply that Tenant is a partner, joint venturer, agent, employee, or otherwise
acting by or at the direction of Landlord.

10.2 Property Insurance .

(A) At all times during the Lease Term, Tenant shall procure and maintain, at its sole
expense, all-risk property insurance, for damage or other loss caused by fire or other

28 

casualty or cause including, but not limited to, vandalism and malicious mischief, theft,
sprinkler leakage, bursting of pipes and explosion, in an amount not less than one hundred percent
(100 of the replacement cost covering (a) all Alterations made by or for Tenant in the Premises
(excluding Landlord s Work); and (b) Tenant s trade fixtures, equipment and other personal property
from time to time situated in the Premises. The proceeds of such insurance shall be used for the
repair or replacement of the property so insured, except that if not so applied or if this Lease is
terminated following a casualty, the proceeds applicable to the leasehold improvements shall be
paid to Landlord and the proceeds applicable to Tenant s personal property shall be paid to Tenant.

(B) At all times during the Lease Term, Tenant shall procure and maintain rental value
insurance covering a period of one year which shall also cover all real estate taxes and insurance
costs for said period attributable to all perils insured against in Section 10.2(A).

10.3 Landlord s Insurance . Landlord agrees to purchase and keep in full force and
effect during the Term hereof, including any extensions or renewals thereof, insurance under
policies issued by insurers of recognized responsibility, qualified to do business in the State of
California on the Building in amounts not less than the then full replacement cost (without
depreciation) of the Building (above foundations and including the Landlord Work), insuring against
fire and such other risks as may be included in standard forms of All Risk (also known as causes
of loss special form) coverage insurance reasonably available from time to time. The policy of
 All-Risk property insurance shall provide that the policy shall not be invalidated should the
insured waive in writing prior to a loss, any or all rights of recovery against any other party for
losses covered by the policy.

10.4 Liability Insurance .

(A) At all times during the Lease Term, Tenant shall procure and maintain, at its sole
expense, commercial general liability insurance applying to the use and occupancy of the Premises
and the business operated by Tenant in the Premises. Such insurance shall have a minimum combined
single limit of liability of at least Two Million Dollars 2,000,000) per occurrence and a general
aggregate limit of at least Two Million Dollars 2,000,000). All such policies shall be written
to apply to all bodily injury, property damage, personal injury losses and shall be endorsed to
include Landlord and its agents, beneficiaries, partners, employees, and any Mortgagee of Landlord
or any ground lessor as additional insureds. Such liability insurance shall be written as primary
policies, not excess or contributing with or secondary to any other insurance as may be available
to the additional insureds.

(B) Landlord shall, at all times during the Lease Term, procure and maintain commercial
general liability insurance for the Building in which the Premises are located. Such insurance
shall have minimum combined single limit of liability of at least One Million Dollars 1,000,000)
per occurrence, and a general aggregate limit of at least Two Million Dollars 2,000,000).

10.5 Workers Compensation Insurance . At all times during the Lease Term, Tenant
shall procure and maintain Workers Compensation Insurance in accordance with the laws of the State
of California, and Employer s Liability insurance with a limit not less than One Million

29 

Dollars 1,000,000) Bodily Injury Each Accident; One Million Dollars 1,000,000) Bodily
Injury By Disease Each Person; and One Million Dollars 1,000,000) Bodily Injury to Disease
Policy Limit.

10.6 Policy Requirements . All insurance required to be maintained by Tenant shall be
issued by insurance companies authorized to do insurance business in the State of California and
rated not less than AVIII in Best s Insurance Guide. A certificate of insurance (or, at Landlord s
option, copies of the applicable policies) evidencing the insurance required under this Article X
shall be delivered to Landlord prior to the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date or the date Tenant
enters the Premises for the purpose of installing personal property, and the certificate and/or
policy for Tenant s commercial general liability insurance will name Landlord and the other parties
required under Section 10.3(A) as additional insureds. No such policy shall be subject to
cancellation or reduction without thirty (30) days prior written notice to Landlord and to any
Mortgagee designated by Landlord to Tenant. Tenant shall furnish Landlord with a replacement
certificate with respect to any insurance not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of
the current policy. Tenant shall have the right to provide the insurance required by this Article
X pursuant to blanket policies, but only if such blanket policies expressly provide coverage to the
Premises and Landlord as required by this Lease.

10.7 Waiver of Subrogation .

(A) Landlord agrees that so long as the same is permitted under the laws of the State of
California, it will include in its All Risk policies appropriate clauses pursuant to which the
insurance companies (i) waive all right of subrogation against Tenant and its employees, agents and
visitors with respect to losses payable under such policies (including claims for damage to
foundations whether insured or not) and/or (ii) agree that such policies shall not be invalidated
should the insured waive in writing prior to a loss any or all right of recovery against any party
for losses covered by such policies. If Landlord is unable to obtain in such policy or policies
either of the clauses described in the preceding sentence, Landlord shall, if legally possible and
without necessitating a change in insurance carriers, have Tenant named in such policy or policies
as an additional insured. If Tenant shall be named as an additional insured in accordance with the
foregoing, Tenant agrees to endorse promptly to the order of Landlord, without recourse, any check,
draft, or order for the payment of money representing the proceeds of any such policy or
representing any other payment growing out of or connected with said policies, and Tenant does
hereby irrevocably waive any and all rights in and to such proceeds and payments.

(B) Tenant agrees to include so long as the same is permitted under the laws of the State of
California, it will include in its All Risk insurance policy or policies required under this
Lease appropriate clauses pursuant to which the insurance company or companies (i) waive the right
of subrogation against Landlord, its employees, agents or visitors with respect to losses payable
under such policy or policies and/or (ii) agree that such policy or policies shall not be
invalidated should the insured waive in writing prior to a loss any or all right of recovery
against any party for losses covered by such policy or policies. If Tenant is unable to obtain in
such policy or policies either of the clauses described in the preceding sentence, Tenant shall, if
legally possible and without necessitating a change in insurance carriers, have Landlord named in
such policy or policies as an additional insured. If Landlord shall be named as an additional

30 

insured in accordance with the foregoing, Landlord agrees to endorse promptly to the order of
Tenant, without recourse, any check, draft, or order for the payment of money representing the
proceeds of any such policy or representing any other payment growing out of or connected with said
policies, and Landlord does hereby irrevocably waive any and all rights in and to such proceeds and
payments.

(C) Landlord hereby waives any and all right of recovery which it might otherwise have against
Tenant, its servants, agents and employees, for loss or damage occurring to the Real Property and
the fixtures, appurtenances and equipment therein, to the extent the same arises from a risk or
peril that is required to be insured against under a property insurance policy or policies Landlord
is required to maintain pursuant to this Lease, notwithstanding that such loss or damage may result
from the negligence or fault of Tenant, its servants, agents or employees. Tenant hereby waives any
and all right of recovery which it might otherwise have against Landlord, its servants, and
employees, for loss or damage occurring to any item which Tenant is required to insure hereunder to
the extent the same arises from a risk or peril that is required to be insured against under a
property insurance policy or policies Tenant is required to maintain pursuant to this Lease,
notwithstanding that such loss or damage may result from the negligence or fault of Landlord, its
servants, agents or employees.

(D) The waivers in this Section 10.7 shall apply whether or not the parties are able to obtain
such waivers in their respective insurance policies. Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to advise the
other promptly if the clauses to be included in their respective insurance policies pursuant to
subparagraphs (A) and (B) above cannot be obtained on the terms hereinbefore provided and
thereafter to furnish the other with a certificate of insurance or copy of such policies showing
the naming of the other as an additional insured, as aforesaid. Landlord and Tenant hereby also
agree to notify the other promptly of any cancellation or change of the terms of any such policy
that would affect such clauses or naming. All such policies which name both Landlord and Tenant as
additional insureds shall, to the extent obtainable, contain agreements by the insurers to the
effect that no act or omission of any additional insured will invalidate the policy as to the other
additional insureds.

10.8 Failure to Insure . If Tenant fails to maintain any insurance which Tenant is
required to maintain pursuant to this Article X, Tenant shall be liable to Landlord for any loss or
cost resulting from such failure to maintain. Tenant may not self-insure against any risks
required to be covered by insurance without Landlord s prior written consent.

10.9 Exemption of Landlord from Liability . Landlord shall not be liable for injury to
Tenant s business, or loss of income therefrom, or, except in connection with damage or injury
resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, or its authorized agents,
for damage that may be sustained by the person, goods, wares, merchandise or property of Tenant,
its employees, invitees, customers, agents, or contractors, or any other person in, on or about the
Premises directly or indirectly caused by or resulting from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water,
or rain which may leak or flow from or into any part of the Premises, or from the breakage,
leakage, obstruction or other defects of the pipes, sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, air
conditioning, light fixtures, or mechanical or electrical systems or from intrabuilding network
cable, whether such damage or injury results from conditions arising upon the Premises or upon
other portions of the Building or from other sources or places and

31 

regardless of whether the cause of such damage or injury or the means of repairing the same is
inaccessible to Tenant. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any damages arising from any
act or neglect of any other tenant of the Building. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord s election
to provide mechanical surveillance or to post security personnel in the Building is solely within
Landlord s discretion; Landlord shall have no liability in connection with the decision whether or
not to provide such services and Tenant hereby waives all claims based thereon. Landlord shall not
be liable for losses due to theft, vandalism or like causes. Tenant shall defend, indemnify and
hold Landlord harmless from any such claims made by any employee, contractor, or agent of Tenant.

ARTICLE XI 

DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION 

11.1 Total Destruction . Except as provided in Section 11.3 below, this Lease shall
automatically terminate if the Building is totally destroyed.

11.2 Partial Destruction of Premises . If the Premises are damaged by any casualty
and, in Landlord s opinion, the Premises (exclusive of any Alterations made to the Premises by
Tenant) can be restored to its preexisting condition within two hundred seventy (270) days after
the date of the damage or destruction, Landlord shall, upon written notice from Tenant to Landlord
of such damage, except as provided in Section 11.3, promptly and with due diligence repair any
damage to the Premises (exclusive of any Alterations to the Premises made by Tenant, which shall be
promptly repaired by Tenant at its sole expense) and, until such repairs are completed, the Rent
shall be abated from the date of damage or destruction in the same proportion that the rentable
area of the portion of the Premises which is unusable by Tenant in the conduct of its business
bears to the total rentable area of the Premises. If such repairs cannot, in Landlord s opinion,
be made within said two hundred seventy (270) day period, then Landlord may, at its option,
exercisable by written notice given to Tenant within thirty (30) days after the date of the damage
or destruction, elect to make the repairs within a reasonable time after the damage or destruction,
in which event this Lease shall remain in full force and effect but the Rent shall be abated as
provided in the preceding sentence; if Landlord does not so elect to make the repairs, then either
Landlord or Tenant shall have the right, by written notice given to the other within sixty (60)
days after the date of the damage or destruction, to terminate this Lease as of the date of the
damage or destruction.

11.3 Exceptions to Landlord s Obligations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Article XI, Landlord shall have no obligation to repair the Premises if either:
(a) there is an uninsured casualty or partially insured casualty and damage to the Building that is
uninsured exceeds twenty percent (20 of the full insurable value of the Building; or (b) Landlord
elects to demolish the Building in which the Premises are located; or (c) the damage or destruction
occurs less than one (1) year prior to the Expiration Date and Tenant does not elect to exercise
its Renewal Option at that time. Further, Tenant s Rent shall not be abated if Tenant, or any
officers, managers, members, partners, employees, agents or invitees, or any assignee or subtenant
of Tenant, is, in whole or in part, responsible for the damage or destruction.

32 

11.4 Waiver . The provisions contained in this Lease shall supersede any contrary laws
(whether statutory, common law or otherwise) now or hereafter in effect relating to damage,
destruction, self-help or termination. With respect to any damage which Landlord is obligated to
repair or elects to repair, Tenant, as a material inducement to Landlord entering into this Lease,
irrevocably waives and releases its rights under the provisions of Sections 1932 and 1933 of the
California Civil Code.

ARTICLE XII 

CONDEMNATION 

12.1 Taking . If the entire Premises or so much of the Premises as to render the
balance unusable by Tenant shall be taken by condemnation, sale in lieu of condemnation or in any
other manner for any public or quasi-public purpose (collectively Condemnation ), and if Landlord,
at its option, is unable or unwilling to provide substitute premises containing at least as much
rentable area as described in Section 1.2 above, then this Lease shall terminate on the date that
title or possession to the Premises is taken by the condemning authority, whichever is earlier.
Tenant hereby waives any and all rights it might otherwise have pursuant to Section 1265.130 of the
California Code of Civil Procedure.

12.2 Award . In the event of any Condemnation, the entire award for such taking shall
belong to Landlord. Tenant shall have no claim against Landlord or the award for the value of any
unexpired term of this Lease or otherwise. Tenant shall be entitled to independently pursue a
separate award in a separate proceeding for Tenant s relocation costs directly associated with the
taking and for the taking of personal property or trade fixtures, provided such separate award does
not diminish Landlord s award.

12.3 Temporary Taking . No temporary taking of the Premises shall terminate this Lease
or entitle Tenant to any abatement of the Rent payable to Landlord under this Lease; provided,
further, that any award for such temporary taking shall belong to Tenant to the extent that the
award applies to any time period during the Lease Term and to Landlord to the extent that the award
applies to any time period outside the Lease Term.

ARTICLE XIII 

OMITTED 

ARTICLE XIV 

ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING 

14.1 Restriction .

(A) Without the prior written consent of Landlord, Tenant shall not, either voluntarily or by
operation of law, assign, encumber, or otherwise transfer this Lease or any interest herein, or
sublet the Premises or any part thereof, or permit the Premises to be occupied by anyone other than
Tenant or Tenant s employees (any such assignment, encumbrance,

33 

subletting, occupation or transfer is hereinafter referred to as a Transfer ), subject,
however, to the terms and conditions of this Article XIV, which terms and conditions Tenant and
Landlord agree are reasonable. An assignment, subletting or other action in violation of the
foregoing shall be void and, at Landlord s option, shall constitute a material breach of this
Lease.

(B) So long as Tenant is not entering into a transaction described herein for the purpose of
avoiding or otherwise circumventing the remaining terms of this Article, Tenant may, subject to
Section 14.2, assign its entire interest under this Lease or sublease all or a portion of the
Premises, without the consent of Landlord and without complying with the provisions of Section 14.3
and 14.5 below (each, a Permitted Transferee ), to (i) an Affiliate (as hereinafter defined), or
(ii) a successor to Tenant by purchase or other acquisition of Tenant s capital stock or
substantially all of Tenant s assets, merger, consolidation or reorganization, provided that all of
the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is no uncured Event of Default under this Lease
with respect to Tenant; (2) Tenant shall give Landlord written notice at least five (5) days prior
to the effective date of the proposed transfer together with the information required hereunder and
such entity shall expressly assume Tenant s obligations hereunder; and (3) with respect to a
purchase, merger, consolidation or reorganization which results in Tenant ceasing to exist as a
separate legal entity, Tenant s successor shall have a net worth equal to Tenant s net worth at the
date immediately prior to such transfer. For purposes of this provision, the term Affiliate 
shall mean any corporation or other entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with
(directly or indirectly) Tenant, including, without limitation, any parent corporation controlling
Tenant or any subsidiary that Tenant controls. The term control, as used herein, shall mean the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the controlled entity
through the ownership of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting securities in such controlled
entity.

(C) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article XIV to the contrary, Tenant expressly
covenants and agrees not to enter into any lease, sublease, license, concession or other agreement
for use, occupancy or utilization of the Premises which provides for rental or other payment for
such use, occupancy or utilization based in whole or in part on the net income or profits derived
by any person from the property leased, used, occupied or utilized (other than an amount based on a
fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales), and that any such purported lease, sublease,
license, concession or other agreement shall be absolutely void and ineffective as a conveyance of
any right or interest in the possession, use, occupancy or utilization of any part of the Premises.

14.2 Notice to Landlord . If Tenant desires to assign this Lease or any interest
herein, or to sublet all or any part of the Premises, then at least thirty (30) days but not more
than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the effective date of the proposed assignment or
subletting, Tenant shall submit to Landlord in connection with Tenant s request for Landlord s
consent:

(A) A statement containing (i) the name and address of the proposed assignee or subtenant;
(ii) such financial information with respect to the proposed assignee or subtenant as Landlord
shall reasonably require; (iii) the type of use proposed for the Premises; and (iv) all of the
principal terms of the proposed assignment or subletting; and

34 

(B) Four (4) originals of the assignment or sublease on a form approved by Landlord and four
(4) originals of the Landlord s Consent to Sublease or Assignment and Assumption of Lease and
Consent.

14.3 Landlord s Recapture Rights . At any time within twenty (20) business days after
Landlord s receipt of all (but not less than all) of the information and documents described in
Section 14.2 above (or in the event of a spin-off transaction regarding the sale of a substantial
portion of Tenant s assets, within fourteen (14) days after its receipt of such information and
documents), Landlord may, at its option by written notice to Tenant, elect to: (a) sublease the
Premises or the portion thereof proposed to be sublet by Tenant upon the same terms as those
offered to the proposed subtenant if the proposed sublease is for substantially all of the 3rd
Floor South or the 3rd Floor North, respectively, as the case may be and for substantially all of
the remaining Term (but not if the proposed sublease is for less than substantially all of the 3rd
Floor South or 3rd Floor North or not for substantially all of the remaining Term); (b) take an
assignment of the Lease upon the same terms as those offered to the proposed assignee; or (c)
terminate the Lease in its entirety or as to the portion of the Premises proposed to be assigned or
sublet (if the sublease meets the criteria set forth in clause (a) above), with a proportionate
adjustment in the Rent payable hereunder if the Lease is terminated as to less than all of the
Premises. If Landlord does not exercise any of the options described in the preceding sentence,
then, during the above-described twenty (20) business day period (or in the event of a spin-off 
transaction regarding the sale of a substantial portion of Tenant s assets, within fourteen (14)
days after its receipt of such information and documents), Landlord shall either consent or deny
its consent to the proposed assignment or subletting.

14.4 Landlord s Consent; Standards . Landlord s consent to a proposed assignment or
subletting shall not be unreasonably withheld, and without limiting the foregoing, Landlord s
consent shall be deemed reasonably withheld if, in Landlord s good faith judgment: (i) the
proposed assignee or subtenant may not have the financial strength to perform its obligations under
this Lease or any proposed sublease; (ii) the business and operations of the proposed assignee or
subtenant are not of comparable quality or image to the business and operations being conducted by
other tenants in the Building; (iii) the proposed assignee or subtenant intends to use any part of
the Premises for a purpose not permitted under this Lease; (iv) Landlord has sufficient vacant
space in the Building and either the proposed assignee or subtenant, or any person which directly
or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the proposed assignee or
subtenant occupies space in the Building and is, or within a period of thirty (30) days prior to
Tenant s request has been, actively negotiating (exchanging written proposals) with Landlord to
lease space in the Building; (v) the proposed assignee or subtenant is disreputable; (vi) the use
of the Premises or the Building by the proposed assignee or subtenant would, in Landlord s
reasonable judgment, impact the Building in a negative manner including but not limited to
significantly increasing the pedestrian traffic in and out of the Building or requiring any
alterations to the Building to comply with applicable laws; (vii) the transferee is a government
(or agency or instrumentality thereof); or (viii) Tenant has failed to cure a default within
applicable notice and cure periods, if any, at the time Tenant requests consent to the proposed
Transfer.

14.5 Additional Rent . If Landlord consents to any such assignment or subletting,
fifty percent (50 of the amount by which all sums or other economic consideration received by

35 

Tenant attributable to such assignment or subletting, whether denominated as rental or
otherwise, exceeds, in the aggregate, the total sum which Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord under
this Lease (prorated to reflect obligations allocable to less than all of the Premises under a
sublease) less Assignment and Subletting Costs (as hereinafter defined) shall be paid to Landlord
promptly after receipt as additional Rent under the Lease without affecting or reducing any other
obligation of Tenant hereunder. Assignment or Subletting Costs shall mean (x) any reasonable
brokerage commissions paid by Tenant in connection with the subletting or assignment, and (y) the
cost of any Alterations made by Tenant to the space which is the subject of the assignment or
sublet to prepare the same for the assignee s or subtenant s occupancy and (z) reasonable attorneys
fees incurred by Tenant in connection with such assignment or subletting.

14.6 Landlord s Costs . If Tenant shall Transfer this Lease or all or any part of the
Premises or shall request the consent of Landlord to any Transfer, Tenant shall pay to Landlord as
additional rent Landlord s costs related thereto, including Landlord s reasonable attorneys fees
and an administration fee to Landlord of Seven Hundred Fifty Dollars 750.00) but in no event
shall such sum exceed a maximum of 5,000 per request for approval of an assignment or sublet.

14.7 Continuing Liability of Tenant . Notwithstanding any Transfer, Tenant shall
remain as fully and primarily liable for the payment of Rent and for the performance of all other
obligations of Tenant contained in this Lease to the same extent as if the Transfer had not
occurred; provided, however, that any act or omission of any transferee, other than Landlord, that
violates the terms of this Lease shall be deemed a violation of this Lease by Tenant.

14.8 Non-Waiver . The consent by Landlord to any Transfer shall not relieve Tenant, or
any person claiming through or by Tenant, of the obligation to obtain the consent of Landlord,
pursuant to this Article XIV, to any further Transfer. In the event of an assignment or
subletting, Landlord may collect rent from the assignee or the subtenant without waiving any rights
hereunder and collection of the rent from a person other than Tenant shall not be deemed a waiver
of any of Landlord s rights under this Article XIV, an acceptance of assignee or subtenant as
Tenant, or a release of Tenant from the performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease. If
Tenant shall default under this Lease and fail to cure within the time permitted, Landlord is
irrevocably authorized to direct any transferee to make all payments under or in connection with
the Transfer directly to Landlord (which Landlord shall apply towards Tenant s obligations under
this Lease) until such default is cured.

ARTICLE XV 

DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

15.1 Events of Default By Tenant . The occurrence of any of the following shall
constitute a material default and breach of this Lease by Tenant an Event of Default ).

(A) The failure by Tenant to pay Base Rent or make any other payment required to be made by
Tenant hereunder on its due date, provided that Tenant shall have a grace period of three (3) days Grace Period to make such payments of Base Rent; provided, however, that Landlord shall
provide Tenant with written notice and five (5) days in which to

36 

cure such non-payment once each calendar year during the Term prior to the occurrence of an
Event of Default and further provided that if Tenant pays Base Rent later than the first day of a
calendar month more than four (4) times in any one (1) calendar year, the Grace Period shall
terminate and all payments of Base shall be made on its due date.

(B) The abandonment of the Premises by Tenant.

(C) The failure by Tenant to observe or perform any other provision of this Lease to be
observed or performed by Tenant, other than those described in Sections 15.1(A) and 15.1(B) above,
if such failure continues for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by Landlord to Tenant;
provided, however, that if the nature of the default is such that it cannot be cured within the
thirty (30) day period, no default shall exist if Tenant commences the curing of the default within
the thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion and
completes the same within ninety (90) days.

(D) The making by Tenant of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing by
or against Tenant of a petition under any federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency laws (unless,
in the case of a petition filed against Tenant the same is dismissed within sixty (60) days after
filing); the appointment of a trustee or receiver to take possession of substantially all of
Tenant s assets at the Premises or Tenant s interest in this Lease or the Premises, when possession
is not restored to Tenant within sixty (60) days; or the attachment, execution or other seizure of
substantially all of Tenant s assets located at the Premises or Tenant s interest in this Lease or
the Premises, if such seizure is not discharged within sixty (60) days.

(E) Any material misrepresentation herein, or material misrepresentation or omission in any
financial statements or other materials provided by Tenant or any Guarantor to Landlord.

Time is of the essence with respect to Tenant s compliance with this Section 15.1.

15.2 Remedies . Upon the occurrence of any default by Tenant as provided in Section
15.1, Landlord may exercise all of its remedies as may be permitted by law, including but not
limited to the remedy provided by Section 1951.4 of the California Civil Code, and including
without limitation, terminating this Lease, reentering the Premises and removing all persons and
property therefrom in accordance with applicable law, which property may be stored by Landlord at a
warehouse or elsewhere at the risk, expense and for the account of Tenant. If Landlord elects to
terminate this Lease, Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant the aggregate of all
amounts permitted by law, including but not limited to (i) the worth at the time of award of the
amount of any unpaid rent which had been earned at the time of such termination; plus (ii) the
worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would have been earned
after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves
could have been reasonably avoided; plus (iii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by
which the unpaid rent for the balance of the Lease Term after the time of award exceeds the amount
of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus (iv) any other
amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all of the detriment proximately caused by Tenant s
failure to perform its obligations under this Lease or

37 

which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom, specifically
including but not limited to, brokerage commissions and advertising expenses incurred, expenses of
remodeling the Premises or any portion thereof for a new tenant; and (v) at Landlord s election,
such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted from time to time
by applicable law. The term rent as used in this Section 15.2 shall be deemed to be and to mean
all sums of every nature required to be paid by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this Lease, whether
to Landlord or to others. As used in items (i) and (ii), above, the worth at the time of award 
shall be computed by allowing interest at the rate set forth in Section 15.4 below, but in no case
greater than the maximum amount of such interest permitted by law. As used in item (iii), above,
the worth at the time of award shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate
of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of award plus one percent (1 ).

15.3 Landlord s Right To Continue Lease Upon Tenant Default . Landlord shall have the
remedy described in Section 1951.4 of the California Civil Code (that is, Landlord may continue
this Lease in effect after Tenant s breach and abandonment and recover Rent as it becomes due,
because Tenant has the right to sublet or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations). Even
though Tenant has breached this Lease and abandoned the Premises, this Lease shall continue in
effect for so long as Landlord does not terminate Tenant s right to possession, and Landlord may
enforce all its rights and remedies as Rent becomes due under this Lease. Acts of maintenance or
preservation or efforts to relet the Premises or the appointment of a receiver upon initiative of
Landlord to protect Landlord s interest under this Lease shall not constitute a termination of
Tenant s right to possession, and this Lease will not be deemed terminated unless and until
Landlord delivers notice to Tenant expressly stating Landlord s intention to terminate this Lease.

15.4 Right of Landlord to Perform . All covenants and agreements to be performed by
Tenant under this Lease shall be performed by Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense. If Tenant
shall fail to pay any sum of money, other than Rent, required to be paid by it hereunder or shall
fail to perform any other act on its part to be performed hereunder in each case subject to
applicable notice and cure periods, if any, Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, make any
payment or perform any such other act on Tenant s part to be made or performed, without waiving or
releasing Tenant of its obligations under this Lease. Any sums so paid by Landlord and all
necessary incidental costs, together with interest thereon at the lesser of the maximum rate
permitted by law if any or twelve percent (12 per annum from the date of such payment, shall be
payable to Landlord as additional rent on demand and Landlord shall have the same rights and
remedies in the event of nonpayment as in the case of default by Tenant in the payment of Rent.

15.5 Non-Waiver . Nothing in this Article shall be deemed to affect Landlord s rights
to indemnification for liability or liabilities arising prior to termination of this Lease or
Tenant s right to possession of the Premises for personal injury or property damages under the
indemnification clause or clauses contained in this Lease. No acceptance by Landlord of a lesser
sum than the Rent then due shall be deemed to be other than on account of the earliest installment
of such rent due, and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any
agreement, condition, or provision of this Lease, other than the failure of Tenant to pay the
particular rent so accepted; regardless of Landlord s knowledge of such preceding breach

38 

at the time of acceptance of such rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or
any letter accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and
Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover the
balance of such installment or pursue any other remedy in the Lease provided. The delivery of keys
to any employee of Landlord or to Landlord s agent or any employee thereof shall not operate as a
termination of this Lease or a surrender of the Premises. The waiver by Landlord of any agreement,
condition or provision contained in this Lease will not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent
breach of the same or any other agreement, condition, or provision contained in this Lease; nor
will any custom or practice that may grow up between the parties in the administration of the terms
of this Lease be construed to waive or to lessen the right of Landlord to insist upon the
performance by Tenant in strict accordance with the terms of this Lease.

15.6 Cumulative Remedies . The specific remedies to which Landlord may resort under
the terms of the Lease are cumulative and are not intended to be exclusive of any other remedies or
means of redress to which it may be lawfully entitled in case of any breach or threatened breach by
Tenant of any provisions of the Lease. In addition to the other remedies provided in the Lease,
including the right to terminate this Lease or to terminate Tenant s right of possession of the
Premises and reenter and repossess the Premises and remove all persons and property from the
Premises without terminating this Lease as provided in Section 15.2, Landlord shall be entitled to
a restraint by injunction of the violation or attempted or threatened violation of any of the
covenants, conditions or provisions of the Lease or to a decree compelling specific performance of
any such covenants, conditions or provisions. Exercise of any of the remedies described in this
Article XV will not prevent the concurrent or subsequent exercise of any other remedy provided for
in this Lease or otherwise available to Landlord at law or in equity.

15.7 Default by Landlord . Landlord s failure to perform or observe any of its
obligations under this Lease shall constitute a default by Landlord under this Lease only if such
failure shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days (or the additional time, if any, that is
reasonably necessary to promptly and diligently cure the failure) after Landlord receives written
notice from Tenant specifying the default. The notice shall give in reasonable detail the nature
and extent of the failure and shall identify the Lease provision(s) containing the obligation(s).
If Landlord shall default in the performance of any of its obligations under this Lease (after
notice and opportunity to cure as provided herein), Tenant may pursue any remedies available to it
under the law and this Lease, except that in no event shall Landlord be liable for punitive
damages, lost profits, business interruption, speculative, consequential or other such damages.

ARTICLE XVI 

ATTORNEYS FEES; COSTS OF SUIT 

16.1 Attorneys Fees . If either Landlord or Tenant shall commence any action or other
proceeding against the other arising out of, or relating to, this Lease or the Premises, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the losing party, in addition to any other
relief, its actual attorneys fees irrespective of whether or not the action or other proceeding is
prosecuted to judgment and irrespective of any court schedule of reasonable attorneys fees. In
addition, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord, upon demand, for all reasonable attorneys fees

39 

incurred in collecting Rent or otherwise seeking enforcement against Tenant, its sublessees
and assigns, of Tenant s obligations under this Lease.

16.2 Indemnification . Should Landlord be made a party to any litigation instituted by
Tenant against a party other than Landlord, or by a third party against Tenant, except as provided
in Section 10.1 (B), Tenant shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Landlord from any and all
loss, cost, liability, damage or expense incurred by Landlord, including attorneys fees, in
connection with the litigation.

ARTICLE XVII 

SUBORDINATION AND ATTORNMENT 

17.1 Subordination . This Lease, and the rights of Tenant hereunder, are and shall be
subject and subordinate to the interests of (i) all present and future ground leases and master
leases of all or any part of the Building; (ii) present and future mortgages and deeds of trust
encumbering all or any part of the Building; (iii) all past and future advances made under any such
mortgages or deeds of trust; and (iv) all renewals, modifications, replacements and extensions of
any such ground leases, master leases, mortgages and deeds of trust; provided, however, that any
lessor under any such ground lease or master lease or any mortgagee or beneficiary under any such
mortgage or deed of trust (any such lessor, mortgagee or beneficiary is hereinafter referred to as
a Mortgagee shall have the right to elect, by written notice given to Tenant, to have this Lease
made superior in whole or in part to any such ground lease, master lease, mortgage or deed of trust
(or subject and subordinate to such ground lease, master lease, mortgage or deed of trust but
superior to any junior mortgage or junior deed of trust). Upon demand, Tenant shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver any instruments reasonably requested by Landlord or any such Mortgagee to
effect the purposes of this Section 17.1. Such instruments may contain, among other things,
provisions to the effect that such Mortgagee (hereafter, for the purposes of this Article XVII, a
 Successor Landlord shall (a) not be liable for any act or omission of Landlord or its
predecessors, if any, prior to the date of such Successor Landlord s succession to Landlord s
interest under this Lease (provided that such Successor Landlord shall cure any existing defaults
of which it is provided notice after such foreclosure); (b) not be subject to any offsets or
defenses which Tenant might have been able to assert against Landlord or its predecessors, if any,
prior to the date of such Successor Landlord s succession to Landlord s interest under this Lease;
(c) not be liable for the return of any Security Deposit under the Lease unless the same shall have
actually been deposited with such Successor Landlord; (d) be entitled to receive notice of any
Landlord default under this Lease plus a reasonable opportunity to cure such default prior to
Tenant having any right or ability to terminate this Lease as a result of such Landlord default;
(e) not be bound by any rent or additional rent which Tenant might have paid for more than the
current month to Landlord; (f) not be bound by any amendment or modification of the Lease or any
cancellation or surrender of the same made without Successor Landlord s prior written consent; and
(g) not be bound by any obligation under the Lease to perform any work or to make any improvements
to the demised Premises. Any obligations of any Successor Landlord under its respective lease
shall be nonrecourse as to any assets of such Successor Landlord other than its interest in the
Premises and improvements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Landlord shall obtain a
Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto
as Exhibit E from any Mortgagee on the

40 

Property as of the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date and (y) Landlord shall obtain a
Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement from any future Mortgagees on the Property
on such lender s then standard form of Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement as a
condition of the subordination of this Lease to such mortgage.

17.2 Attornment . If the interests of Landlord under the Lease shall be transferred to
any superior Mortgagee or other person taking title to the Building by reason of the termination of
any superior lease or the foreclosure of any superior mortgage or deed of trust or any other
purchaser or transferee of such interests of Landlord, Tenant shall be bound to such Successor
Landlord under all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Lease for the balance of the term
thereof remaining and any extensions or renewals thereof which may be effected in accordance with
any option therefor in the Lease, with the same force and effect as if Successor Landlord were the
landlord under the Lease, and Tenant shall attorn to and recognize as Tenant s landlord under this
Lease such Successor Landlord, as its landlord, said attornment to be effective and self-operative
without the execution of any further instruments upon Successor Landlord s succeeding to the
interest of Landlord under the Lease. Tenant shall, upon demand, execute any documents reasonably
requested by any such person to evidence the attornment described in this Section 17.2.

17.3 Mortgagee Protection . Tenant agrees to give any Mortgagee, by registered or
certified mail, a copy of any notice of default served upon Landlord by Tenant, provided that prior
to such notice Tenant has been notified in writing (by way of service on Tenant of a copy of
Assignment of Rents and Leases, or otherwise) of the address of such Mortgagee (hereafter the
 Notified Party ). Tenant further agrees that if Landlord shall have failed to cure such default
within thirty (30) days after such notice to Landlord (or if such default cannot be cured or
corrected within that time, then such additional time as may be necessary if Landlord has commenced
within such thirty (30) days and is diligently pursuing the remedies or steps necessary to cure or
correct such default), then the Notified Party shall have an additional thirty (30) days within
which to cure or correct such default (or if such default cannot be cured or corrected within that
time, then such additional time as may be necessary if the Notified Party has commenced within such
thirty (30) days and is diligently pursuing the remedies or steps necessary to cure or correct such
default). Until the time allowed, as aforesaid, for the Notified Party to cure such default has
expired without cure, Tenant shall have no right to, and shall not, terminate this Lease on account
of Landlord s default.

ARTICLE XVIII 

QUIET ENJOYMENT 

Provided that Tenant performs all of its obligations hereunder within applicable notice and
cure periods, if any, Tenant shall have and peaceably enjoy the Premises during the Lease Term free
of claims by or through Landlord, subject to all of the terms and conditions contained in this
Lease.

41 

ARTICLE XIX 

RULES AND REGULATIONS 

The Rules and Regulations attached hereto as Exhibit C are hereby incorporated by reference
herein and made a part hereof. Tenant shall abide by, and faithfully observe and comply with the
Rules and Regulations and any reasonable and nondiscriminatory amendments, modifications and/or
additions thereto as may hereafter be adopted and published by written notice to tenants by
Landlord for the safety, care, security, good order and/or cleanliness of the Premises and/or the
Building. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any violation of such rules and regulations
by any other tenant or occupant of the Building. Tenant shall not be required to comply with any
new rule or regulation unless the same does not unreasonably interfere with Tenant s use of the
Premises or Tenant s parking rights and does not materially increase the obligations or materially
decrease the rights of Tenant under this Lease.

ARTICLE XX 

ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES 

Tenant agrees at any time and from time to time upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior
written notice from Landlord to execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord a statement in writing
addressed and certifying to Landlord, to any current or prospective Mortgagee or any assignee
thereof, to any prospective purchaser of the land, improvements or both comprising the Building,
and to any other party designated by Landlord, that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and
effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same is in full force and effect as modified
and stating the modifications); that Tenant has accepted possession of the Premises, which are
acceptable in all respects, and that any improvements required by the terms of this Lease to be
made by Landlord have been completed to the satisfaction of Tenant; that Tenant is in full
occupancy of the Premises; that no rent has been paid more than thirty (30) days in advance; that
the first month s Base Rent has been paid; that Tenant is entitled to no free rent or other
concessions except as stated in this Lease; that Tenant has not been notified of any previous
assignment of Landlord s or any predecessor landlord s interest under this Lease; the dates to
which Base Rent, additional rental and other charges have been paid; that Tenant, as of the date of
such certificate, has no charge, lien or claim of setoff under this Lease or otherwise against Base
Rent, additional rental or other charges due or to become due under this Lease; that to Tenant s
best knowledge, Landlord is not in default in performance of any covenant, agreement or condition
contained in this Lease; or any other matter relating to this Lease or the Premises or, if so,
specifying each such default. If there is a Guaranty under this Lease, said Guarantor shall
confirm the validity of the Guaranty by joining in the execution of the Estoppel Certificate or
other documents so requested by Landlord or Mortgagee. In addition, in the event that such
certificate is being given to any Mortgagee, such statement may contain any other provisions
customarily required by such Mortgagee including, without limitation, an agreement on the part of
Tenant to furnish to such Mortgagee, written notice of any Landlord default and a reasonable
opportunity for such Mortgagee to cure such default prior to Tenant being able to terminate this
Lease. Any such statement delivered pursuant to this Section may be relied upon by Landlord or any
Mortgagee, or prospective purchaser to whom it is addressed and such statement, if required by its
addressee, may so specifically state.

42 

ARTICLE XXI 

ENTRY BY LANDLORD 

Landlord may enter the Premises at all reasonable times to: inspect the same; exhibit the
same to prospective purchasers, Mortgagees or tenants; determine whether Tenant is complying with
all of its obligations under this Lease; supply janitorial and other services to be provided by
Landlord to Tenant under this Lease; post notices of non-responsibility; and make repairs or
improvements in or to the Building or the Premises; provided, however, that all such work shall be
done as promptly as reasonably possible and so as to cause as little interference to Tenant as
reasonably possible. Tenant hereby waives any claim for damages for any injury or inconvenience
to, or interference with, Tenant s business, any loss of occupancy or quiet enjoyment of the
Premises or any other loss occasioned by such entry. Landlord shall at all times have and retain a
key with which to unlock all of the doors in, on or about the Premises (excluding Tenant s vaults,
safes and similar areas designated by Tenant in writing in advance), and Landlord shall have the
right to use any and all means by which Landlord may deem proper to open such doors to obtain entry
to the Premises, and any entry to the Premises obtained by Landlord by any such means, or
otherwise, shall not under any circumstances be deemed or construed to be a forcible or unlawful
entry into or a detainer of the Premises or an eviction, actual or constructive, of Tenant from any
part of the Premises. Such entry by Landlord shall not act as a termination of Tenant s duties
under this Lease. If Landlord shall be required to obtain entry by means other than a key provided
by Tenant, the cost of such entry shall be payable by Tenant to Landlord as additional rent. Any
entry by Landlord and Landlord s agents shall comply with Tenant s reasonable security measures.

ARTICLE XXII 

LANDLORD S LEASE UNDERTAKINGS EXCULPATION FROM 
PERSONAL LIABILITY; TRANSFER OF LANDLORD S INTEREST 

22.1 Landlord s Lease Undertakings . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Lease, including any Exhibits or Riders hereto attached, it is expressly
understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that: (a) the recourse of Tenant or its
successors or assigns against Landlord with respect to the alleged breach by or on the part of
Landlord of any representation, warranty, covenant, undertaking or agreement contained in this
Lease or otherwise arising out of Tenant s use of the Premises or the Building (collectively,
 Landlord s Lease Undertakings shall extend only to Landlord s interest in the real estate of
which the Premises demised under this Lease are a part Landlord s Real Estate and not to any
other assets of Landlord or its constituent partners; and (b) except to the extent of Landlord s
interest in Landlord s Real Estate, no personal liability or personal responsibility of any sort
with respect to any of Landlord s Lease Undertakings or any alleged breach thereof is assumed by,
or shall at any time be asserted or enforceable against, Landlord, its constituent partners, or
against any of their respective directors, officers, managers, members, employees, agents,
constituent partners, beneficiaries, trustees or representatives.

22.2 Transfer of Landlord s Interest . In the event of any transfer of Landlord s
interest in the Building, Landlord shall be automatically freed and relieved from all applicable
liability

43 

with respect to performance of any covenant or obligation on the part of Landlord accruing
after the date of such assignment, including, without limitation, the obligation of Landlord under
Article VI of this Lease and Section 1950.7 of the California Civil Code to return the Security
Deposit; provided the grantee of Landlord s interest expressly assumes, subject to the limitations
of this Article XXII, all the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed on the
part of Landlord, it being intended hereby that the covenants and obligations contained in this
Lease on the part of Landlord shall, subject to all the provisions of this Article XXII, be binding
on Landlord, its successors and assigns, only during their respective periods of ownership.

ARTICLE XXIII 

HOLDOVER TENANCY 

Nothing contained herein will be construed to give Tenant the right to hold over at any time,
and Landlord may exercise any and all remedies at law or in equity to recover possession of the
Premises, as well as any damages incurred by Landlord due to Tenant s failure to vacate and deliver
possession to Landlord as provided herein. If Tenant holds possession of the Premises after the
expiration or termination of the Lease Term, by lapse of time or otherwise, Tenant shall become a
tenant at sufferance upon all of the terms contained herein, except as to Rent. During such
holdover period, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, on the first day of each applicable month, a monthly
rental equivalent to one hundred fifty percent (150 of the Rent payable by Tenant to Landlord
with respect to the last month of the Lease Term. The monthly rent payable for such holdover
period shall in no event be construed as a penalty or as liquidated damages for such retention of
possession. Without limiting the foregoing, Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Landlord, its beneficiary, and their respective agents, contractors and employees, from
and against any and all claims, liabilities, actions, losses, damages (including, without
limitation, direct, indirect, incidental and consequential) and expenses (including, without
limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees) asserted against or sustained by any such
party and arising from or by reason of such retention of possession, which obligations shall
survive the expiration or termination of the Lease Term.

ARTICLE XXIV 

NOTICES 

All notices which Landlord or Tenant may be required, or may desire, to serve on the other may
be served by hand delivery, or alternatively, by (a) delivery by private express courier (such as
Federal Express or Airborne Courier) or (b) mailing the same by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, addressed to Landlord at the addresses for Landlord set forth in Section 1.12
above and to Tenant at the address for Tenant set forth in Section 1.13 above, or addressed to such
other address or addresses as either Landlord or Tenant may from time to time designate to the
other in writing. Notice shall be deemed to have been served if by hand or by private express
courier on the date of delivery (or refusal if the recipient declines to sign for same), or if by
mailing, three business days after the same was posted. Any notice or demand from an attorney
acting or purporting to act on behalf of a party shall be deemed to be notice from such party,
provided that such attorney is authorized to act on behalf of such party.

44 

ARTICLE XXV 

BROKERS 

The parties recognize as the broker(s) who procured this Lease the Broker(s) specified in
Section 1.14 and agree that Landlord shall be solely responsible for the payment of any brokerage
commissions to said broker(s), and that Tenant shall have no responsibility therefor. If Tenant
has dealt with any other person or real estate broker in respect to leasing, subleasing or renting
space in the Building, Tenant shall be solely responsible for the payment of any fee due said
person or firm and Tenant shall protect, indemnify, hold harmless and defend Landlord from any
liability in respect thereto. If Landlord has dealt with any other person or real estate broker in
respect to this Lease, Landlord shall be solely responsible for the payment of any fee due said
person or firm and Landlord shall protect, indemnify, hold harmless and defend Tenant from any
liability in respect thereto.

ARTICLE XXVI 

COMMUNICATIONS AND COMPUTER LINES 

26.1 Generally . Tenant acknowledges and agrees that all telephone and
telecommunications services Telecommunications Services desired by Tenant shall be ordered and
utilized at the sole expense of Tenant. Unless Landlord otherwise requests or consents in writing,
all equipment, apparatus and devices, including without limitation wiring and cables, for the
provisions of Telecommunications Services, as well as Tenant s computer and data wiring and cabling
(collectively, the Telecommunications Equipment shall be and remain solely in the Premises.
Unless otherwise specifically agreed in writing, Landlord shall have no responsibility for the
maintenance of Tenant s Telecommunications Equipment, nor for any wiring or other infrastructure to
which Tenant s Telecommunications Equipment may be connected. Tenant agrees that, to the extent
any Telecommunications Services are interrupted, curtailed or discontinued, Landlord shall have no
obligation or liability with respect thereto except as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease,
and it shall be the sole obligation of Tenant, at its sole expense, to obtain substitute service.
Tenant shall not be entitled to any rent abatement and neither the 3rd Floor South Commencement
Date nor the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date, respectively, of this Lease shall not be delayed
due to Tenants inability to obtain telecommunication services.

26.2 Interruption . Landlord shall have the right, upon such notice as is practicable
in the case of emergencies, and otherwise upon at least two (2) business days prior notice to
Tenant, to interrupt or turn off telecommunications facilities in the event of emergency or as
necessary in connection with repairs to the Building or installation of telecommunications
equipment for other tenants of the Building. Any such interruption shall be after Business Hours,
if commercially reasonable, and shall not impair Tenant s operations more than reasonably
necessary.

26.3 Removal . Any and all Telecommunications Equipment installed in the Premises, or
elsewhere in the Building by or on behalf of Tenant, including wiring and other facilities for the
provision of Telecommunications Services, shall be removed by Tenant upon the expiration

45 

or earlier termination of the Lease Term, at its sole expense using a contractor reasonably
approved by Landlord.

26.4 Abandonment . If the Telecommunications Equipment is not removed within thirty
(30) days of the termination or expiration of this Lease, the Telecommunications Equipment shall
conclusively be deemed to have been abandoned and may be removed, appropriated, sold, stored,
destroyed, otherwise disposed of, or retained and used, by Landlord without notice to Tenant,
without obligation to account therefor, and without payment to Tenant or credit against any amount
due from Tenant to Landlord pursuant to this Lease. Tenant shall pay to Landlord upon demand all
costs of any such removal, disposition and storage of the Telecommunication Equipment, as well as
all costs to repair any damage to the Building caused by such removal. The obligations within this
Section 26.4 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

26.5 New Providers . In the event that Tenant wishes at any time to utilize the
services of a telephone or telecommunications provider whose equipment is not then servicing the
Building (a New Provider ), no such New Provider shall be permitted to install its lines or other
equipment within the Building without first securing the prior written approval of the Landlord,
which approval may be withheld in Landlord s reasonable discretion. Landlord s approval shall not
be deemed any kind of warranty or representation by Landlord, including, without limitation, any
warranty or representation as to the suitability, competence or financial strength of the New
Provider. Without limitation of Landlord s right to withhold consent in its reasonable discretion,
Landlord may refuse to give its approval unless all of the following conditions are satisfied: (i)
Landlord shall incur no expense whatsoever with respect to any aspect of the New Provider s
provision of its services, including, without limitation, the cost of installation, materials and
services; (ii) prior to commencement of any work in or about the Building by the New Provider, the
New Provider shall supply Landlord with such written indemnities, insurance, financial statements,
and such other items as Landlord, in its reasonable discretion, determines to be necessary to
protect its financial interest and the interests of the Building related to the proposed activities
of the New Provider; (iii) the New Provider agrees in writing to abide by such rules and
regulations, building and other codes, job site rules and such other requirements as are determined
by Landlord, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be necessary to protect the interest of the
Building, the tenants in the Building and Landlord; (iv) Landlord determines, in its reasonable
discretion, that there is sufficient space in the Building for the placement of all of the New
Provider s equipment and materials; and (v) all of the foregoing matters are documented in a
written agreement between Landlord and the New Provider, the form and content of which are
satisfactory to Landlord in its reasonable discretion. Notwithstanding any provision of the
preceding subsection to the contrary, the reasonable refusal of Landlord the grant its approval to
any New Provider shall not be deemed a default or breach by Landlord of its obligation under this
Lease, and in no event shall Tenant have the right to terminate this Lease or claim entitlement to
rent abatement for Landlord s reasonable refusals to grant Tenant s request for approval of a New
Provider. The provisions of this Article XXVI may be enforced solely by Tenant and Landlord and
are not for the benefit of any other party. Specifically, but without limitation, no telephone or
telecommunications provider is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, a third party beneficiary of
this Lease.

46 

ARTICLE XXVII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

27.1 Entire Agreement . This Lease contains all of the agreements and understandings
relating to the leasing of the Premises and the obligations of Landlord and Tenant in connection
with such leasing. Landlord has not made, and Tenant is not relying upon, any warranties, or
representations, promises or statements made by Landlord or any agent of Landlord, except as
expressly set forth herein. This Lease supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings
between Landlord and Tenant and alone expresses the agreement of the parties.

27.2 Amendments . This Lease shall not be amended, changed or modified in any way
unless in writing executed by Landlord and Tenant. Landlord shall not have waived or released any
of its rights hereunder unless in writing and executed by Landlord.

27.3 Successors . Except as expressly provided herein, this Lease and the obligations
of Landlord and Tenant contained herein shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of the
parties hereto.

27.4 Force Majeure . Landlord shall incur no liability to Tenant with respect to, and
shall not be responsible for any failure to perform, any of Landlord s obligations hereunder if
such failure is caused by any reason beyond the control of Landlord including, but not limited to,
strike, labor trouble, governmental rule, regulations, ordinance, statute or interpretation, or by
fire, earthquake, civil commotion, or failure or disruption of utility services, but excluding
financial inability. The amount of time for Landlord to perform any of Landlord s obligations
shall be extended by the amount of time Landlord is delayed in performing such obligation by reason
of any force majeure occurrence whether similar to or different from the foregoing types of
occurrences. The time periods set forth in Sections 2.2(H) and 2.3(C) shall not be subject to
extension or modification by reason of this Section 27.4.

27.5 Survival of Obligations . Any obligations of Tenant accruing prior to the
expiration of the Lease shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, and
Tenant shall promptly perform all such obligations whether or not this Lease has expired or been
terminated.

27.6 Light and Air . No diminution or shutting off of any light, air or view by any
structure now or hereafter erected shall in any manner affect this Lease or the obligations of
Tenant hereunder, or increase any of the obligations of Landlord hereunder.

27.7 Governing Law . This Lease shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of California.

27.8 Severability . In the event any provision of this Lease is found to be
unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected, and any provision found to be
invalid shall be enforceable to the extent permitted by law. The parties agree that in the event
two different interpretations may be given to any provision hereunder, one of which will render
the provision unenforceable, and one of which will render the provision enforceable, the
interpretation rendering the provision enforceable shall be adopted.

47 

27.9 Captions . All captions, headings, titles, numerical references and computer
highlighting are for convenience only and shall have no effect on the interpretation of this Lease.

27.10 Interpretation . Tenant acknowledges that it has read and reviewed this Lease
and that it has had the opportunity to confer with counsel in the negotiation of this Lease.
Accordingly, this Lease shall be construed neither for nor against Landlord or Tenant, but shall be
given a fair and reasonable interpretation in accordance with the meaning of its terms and the
intent of the parties.

27.11 Independent Covenants . Each covenant, agreement, obligation or other provision
of this Lease to be performed by Tenant are separate and independent covenants of Tenant, and not
dependent on any other provision of the Lease.

27.12 Number and Gender . All terms and words used in this Lease, regardless of the
number or gender in which they are used, shall be deemed to include the appropriate number and
gender, as the context may require.

27.13 Time is of the Essence . Time is of the essence of this Lease and the
performance of all obligations hereunder.

27.14 Joint and Several Liability . If Tenant comprises more than one person or
entity, or if this Lease is guaranteed by any party, all such persons shall be jointly and
severally liable for payment of rents and the performance of Tenant s obligations hereunder.

27.15 Exhibits . Exhibits A (Floor Plan of Premises), B (Work Letter Agreement), C
(Rules), D (Form of Commencement Date Certificate), E (Form of SNDA), F (Form of Signage) and G
(Form of Letter of Credit) are incorporated into this Lease by reference and made a part hereof.

27.16 Offer to Lease . The submission of this Lease to Tenant or its broker or other
agent, does not constitute an offer to Tenant to lease the Premises. This Lease shall have no
force and effect until (a) it is executed and delivered by Tenant to Landlord and (b) it is fully
reviewed and executed by Landlord; provided, however, that, upon execution of this Lease by Tenant
and delivery to Landlord, such execution and delivery by Tenant shall, in consideration of the time
and expense incurred by Landlord in reviewing the Lease and Tenant s credit, constitute an offer by
Tenant to Lease the Premises upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (which offer to Lease
shall be irrevocable for twenty (20) business days following the date of delivery).

27.17 Choice of Laws; Waiver of Jury Trial . In addition, Tenant hereby submits to
local jurisdiction in the State of California and agrees that any action by Tenant against
Landlord shall be instituted in the State of California and that Landlord shall have personal
jurisdiction over Tenant for any action brought by Landlord against Tenant in the State of
California. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING ANY LAW ENACTED AFTER THE LEASE
DATE, TENANT AND LANDLORD HEREBY, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION WHATSOEVER BROUGHT BY LANDLORD OR TENANT
UNDER OR IN RESPECT OF THIS LEASE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY AND ALL COUNTERCLAIMS. THE 

48 

FOREGOING WAIVER HAS BEEN A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO LANDLORD S AND TENANT S ENTERING INTO THIS
LEASE. 

27.18 Electrical Service to the Premises . Anything set forth in Section 7.1 or
elsewhere in this Lease to the contrary notwithstanding, electricity to the Premises shall not be
furnished by Landlord, but shall be furnished by the approved electric utility company serving the
Building. Landlord shall permit Tenant to receive such service directly from such utility company
at Tenant s cost (except as otherwise provided herein) and shall permit Landlord s wire and
conduits, to the extent available, suitable and safely capable, to be used for such purposes.

27.19 Rights Reserved by Landlord . Landlord reserves the following rights exercisable
without notice (except as otherwise expressly provided to the contrary in this Lease) and without
being deemed an eviction or disturbance of Tenant s use or possession of the Premises or giving
rise to any claim for setoff or abatement of Rent: (i) to change the name or street address of the
Building; (ii) to install, affix and maintain all signs on the exterior and/or interior of the
Building; (iii) to designate and/or approve prior to installation, all types of signs, window
shades, blinds, drapes, awnings or other similar items, and all internal lighting that may be
visible from the exterior of the Premises; (iv) to change the arrangement of entrances, doors,
corridors, elevators and/or stairs in the Building, provided no such change shall materially
adversely affect access to the Premises; (v) to grant any party the exclusive right to conduct any
business or render any service in the Building, provided such exclusive right shall not operate to
prohibit Tenant from using the Premises for the purposes permitted under this Lease; (vi) to
prohibit the placement of vending or dispensing machines of any kind in or about the Premises other
than for use by Tenant s employees; (vii) to prohibit the placement of video or other electronic
games in the Premises; (viii) to have access for Landlord and other tenants of the Building to any
mail chutes and boxes located in or on the Premises according to the rules of the United States
Post Office and to discontinue any mail chute business in the Building; (ix) to close the Building
after normal business hours, except that Tenant and its employees and invitees shall be entitled to
admission at all times under such rules and regulations as Landlord prescribes for security
purposes; (x) to install, operate and maintain security systems which monitor, by close circuit
television or otherwise, all persons entering or leaving the Building; (xi) to install and maintain
pipes, ducts, conduits, wires and structural elements located in the Premises which serve other
parts or other tenants of the Building; and (xii) to retain at all times master keys or pass keys
to the Premises. In exercising any of the foregoing rights, Landlord shall not unreasonably
interfere with Tenant s use of the Premises or Tenant s parking rights and shall not materially
increase the obligations or materially decrease the rights of Tenant under this Lease.

27.20 No Recordation . Tenant shall not record this Lease or any memorandum or short
form of it.

27.21 No Merger . The voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Tenant or the
cancellation of this Lease by mutual agreement of Tenant and Landlord or the termination of this
Lease on account of Tenant s default will not work a merger, and will, at Landlord s option, (a)
terminate all or any subleases and subtenancies or (b) operate as an assignment to Landlord of all
or any subleases or subtenancies. Landlord s option under this Section 27.21 will be exercised
by written notice to Tenant and all known sublessees or subtenants in the Premises or any part of
the Premises.

49 

27.22 Tax Credits . Landlord is entitled to claim all tax credits and depreciation
attributable to leasehold improvements installed or paid for by Landlord in the Premises. Promptly
after Landlord s demand, Landlord and Tenant will prepare a detailed list of the leasehold
improvements and fixtures and their respective costs for which Landlord or Tenant has paid.
Landlord will be entitled to all credits and depreciation for those items for which Landlord has
paid by means of any tenant finish allowance or otherwise. Tenant will be entitled to any tax
credits and depreciation for all items for which Tenant has paid with funds not provided by
Landlord.

27.23 Financial Reports . Within fifteen (15) days after Landlord s request, Tenant
will furnish Tenant s most recent audited financial statements (including any notes to them) to
Landlord, or, if no such audited statements have been prepared, such other financial statements
(and notes to them) as may have been prepared by an independent certified public accountant or, if
those are not so prepared, Tenant s internally prepared financial statements. Tenant will discuss
its financial statements with Landlord and will give Landlord access to Tenant s books and records
in order to enable Landlord to verify the financial statements. Landlord will not disclose any
aspect of Tenant s financial statements that Tenant designates to Landlord as confidential except
(a) to Landlord s lenders or prospective purchasers of the project, (b) in litigation between
Landlord and Tenant, and (c) if required by court order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
Section shall not apply during any period during the Term when the Tenant under the Lease is a
publicly listed entity.

27.24 Presumption . In all cases hereunder, and in any suit, action or proceeding of
any kind between the parties, it shall be presumptive evidence of the fact of the existence of a
charge being due, if Landlord shall produce a bill, notice or certificate to the effect that such
charge appears of record on the books in Landlord s office or appears as an open charge on the
books, records or official bills of municipal authorities, and has not been paid.

27.25 Confidentiality . Tenant acknowledges that the terms and conditions of this
Lease are to remain confidential for Landlord s benefit, and may not be disclosed by Tenant to
anyone, by any manner or means, directly or indirectly, without Landlord s prior written consent;
provided, however that this Lease may be disclosed to Tenant s attorneys, accountants, real estate
advisors and otherwise as may be required by law or legal process. The consent by Landlord to any
disclosures shall not be deemed to be a waiver on the part of Landlord of any prohibition against
any future disclosure. Tenant shall indemnify, defend upon request, and hold Landlord harmless
from and against all costs, damages, claims, liabilities, expenses, losses, court costs, and
attorney s fees suffered or claimed against Landlord, its agents, servants, and employees, based in
whole or in part upon the breach of this Section 27.25 by Tenant, its agents, servants, and
employees. The obligations within this Section 27.25, shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Lease.

27.26 Parking . Tenant may rent from Landlord or its parking operator, commencing on
the 3rd Floor South Commencement Date, the number of unreserved parking spaces set forth in Section 1.16, which parking passes shall pertain to the Building s subterranean garage which
may be operated on a valet basis. Tenant shall pay to Landlord or its parking operator for
automobile parking passes the prevailing rate charged from time to time at the Building. In
addition, Tenant shall be responsible for the full amount of any taxes imposed by any

50 

governmental authority in connection with the renting of such parking passes by Tenant or the use of the parking
facility by Tenant. Tenant s continued right to use the parking passes is conditioned upon Tenant
abiding by all rules and regulations which are prescribed from time to time for the orderly
operation and use of the Building s parking facility, including any sticker or other identification
system established by Landlord or its parking operator, and Tenant not being in default under this
Lease. Landlord specifically reserves the right to change the size, configuration, design, layout
and all other aspects of the Building s parking facility at any time and Tenant acknowledges and
agrees that Landlord may, without incurring any liability to Tenant and without any abatement of
Rent under this Lease, from time to time, close off or restrict access to the Building s parking
facility for purposes of permitting or facilitating any such construction, alteration or
improvements, provided that the number of parking spaces that Tenant is entitled to under this
Lease is not reduced. Landlord may delegate its responsibilities hereunder to a parking operator
or a lessee of the parking facility, in which case such parking operator or lessee shall have all
the rights of control attributed hereby to Landlord. The parking passes rented by Tenant pursuant
to this Section 27.27 are provided to Tenant solely for use by Tenant s own personnel and such
passes may not be transferred, assigned, subleased or otherwise alienated by Tenant without
Landlord s prior approval. Tenant may validate visitor parking by such method or methods as the
Landlord or its parking operator may establish, at the validation rate from time to time generally
applicable to visitor parking.

27.27 Signing Authority . If Tenant is a corporation, partnership or limited liability
company, Tenant represents and warrants that each individual executing this Lease on behalf of said
entity is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on behalf of said entity in accordance
with: (a) if Tenant is a corporation, a duly adopted resolution of the Board of Directors of said
corporation or in accordance with the by-laws of said corporation, (b) if Tenant is a partnership,
the terms of the partnership agreement, and (c) if Tenant is a limited liability company, the terms
of its operating or limited liability company agreement, and that this Lease is binding upon said
entity in accordance with its terms.

51 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease as of the date first above
written.

LANDLORD: 

TENANT: 

BRANNAN PROPCO, LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 

OMNITURE, INC., 
a Delaware corporation 

By:

/s/ Mark R. Best

Name: Mark R. Best

By:

/s/ Michael S. Herring

Name: Michael S. Herring 

Its: V.P.

Title: CFO 

1/8/08 

52 

EXHIBIT A 

FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES 

Intentionally Omitted 

A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

WORK LETTER AGREEMENT 

For and in consideration of the agreement to lease the Premises and the mutual covenants
contained herein and in the Lease, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows:

1. Base Building Work; Programming Information; the Work. 

a. Landlord shall perform at its sole cost and expense the Base Building Work more
particularly described in items 1 through 8 in Schedule 1 attached hereto (the Base Building
Work ). Such work shall be completed within the time periods provided in Schedule 1, if any, for
the completion of portions of the Base Building Work.

b . Tenant desires Landlord to perform certain leasehold improvement work in the Premises. On
or before February 1, 2008, Tenant shall furnish to Landlord such plans, drawings, specifications
and finish details as Landlord may reasonably request (the
 Programming Information to enable
Landlord s architects and engineers to prepare mechanical, electrical and plumbing plans and to
prepare the Working Drawings, including a final telephone layout and special electrical connection
requirements, if any. Such work, as shown in the Programming Information and as more fully
detailed in the Working Drawings (as defined and described in Paragraph 2 below), shall be
hereinafter referred to as the Work and the Work with respect to the 3 rd Floor North
shall be hereinafter referred to as the 3 rd Floor North Work and the Work with respect
to the 3 rd Floor South shall be hereinafter referred to as the 3 rd Floor
South Work. All plans, drawings, specifications and other details describing the Work which are
hereafter furnished by or on behalf of Tenant shall be subject to Landlord s approval, which
Landlord agrees shall not be unreasonably withheld. Landlord shall not be deemed to have acted
unreasonably if it withholds its approval of any plans, specifications, drawings or other details
or of any Additional Work (as defined in Paragraph 7 below) because, in Landlord s reasonable
opinion, the work, as described in any such item, or the Additional Work, as the case may be: (a)
is likely to materially adversely affect Building systems, the structure of the Building or the
safety of the Building and/or its occupants; (b) might impair Landlord s ability to furnish
services to Tenant or other tenants in the Building; (c) would increase the cost of operating the
Building to more than a minimal extent; (d) would violate any governmental laws, rules or
ordinances (or interpretations thereof); (e) contains or uses hazardous or toxic materials or
substances not permitted under the Lease; (f) would adversely affect the exterior appearance of the
Building or the common areas; (g) might adversely affect another tenant s premises; (h) is
prohibited by any ground lease affecting the Building or any mortgage, trust deed or other
instrument encumbering the Building; or (i) is likely to be substantially delayed because of
unavailability or shortage of labor or materials necessary to perform such work or the difficulties
or unusual nature of such work. The foregoing reasons, however, shall not be the only reasons for
which Landlord may withhold its approval, whether or not such other reasons are similar or
dissimilar to the foregoing. Neither the approval by Landlord of the Work or the Programming
Information or any other plans, drawings, specifications or other items associated with the Work
nor Landlord s performance, supervision or monitoring of the Work shall constitute any warranty by
Landlord to Tenant of the adequacy of the design for Tenant s intended use of the Premises.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Landlord shall not withhold its

B-1 

approval to any aspect of the Work (including Additional Work and Change Orders) which
conforms to or represents a logical evolution of or development from the Programming Information or
conformance to uniform architectural and design elements which are present in Tenant s other
premises; provided however that any changes to the Programming Information which delays the
construction of the Work from the time estimated by Landlord based upon the Programming Information
shall be a Tenant Delay (as hereinafter defined).

If any construction is required to meet Type 3, One Hour building code requirements,
Landlord and Tenant shall mutually approve the design of such construction.

2. Working Drawings; Cost Estimates, Construction Schedule. 

A. 3rd Floor North. Promptly following the execution of this Lease and Tenant s delivery to
Landlord of the requested Programming Information, Landlord shall prepare or cause to be prepared
final working drawings and specifications for the Work (the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings based on and consistent with the Programming Information and the other plans, drawings,
specifications, finish details and other information furnished by Tenant to Landlord and approved
by Landlord pursuant to Paragraph 1 above. In addition, based on the Programming Information,
Landlord shall request its contractor to prepare and submit for Tenant s review and approval an
estimate for the total cost of the Work (the 3rd Floor North Initial Cost Estimate and a
projected construction schedule (the 3rd Floor North Projected Construction Schedule identifying
the estimated completion date for the 3 rd Floor North Work.

Tenant shall designate a representative who shall be given the opportunity to attend all
construction meetings and comment and review all iterations of the 3rd Floor North Working
Drawings. So long as the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings are consistent with the Programming
Information, Tenant shall approve the iterations of the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings within
three (3) days after receipt of same from Landlord by initialing and returning to Landlord each
sheet of the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings or by executing Landlord s approval form then in use,
whichever method of approval Landlord may designate.

Alternatively, within such three (3) day period, Tenant may deliver to Landlord the specific
written changes to 3rd Floor North Working Drawings, 3rd Floor North Initial Cost Estimate and 3rd
Floor North Projected Construction Schedule that are necessary, in Tenant s opinion, to conform
such plans to the Programming Information (or to make changes requested by Tenant) or to reduce
costs. If Tenant desires changes, Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold its approval of such
changes and the parties shall confer and negotiate in good faith to reach agreement on
modifications to the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings, 3rd Floor North Initial Cost Estimate and
3rd Floor North Projected Construction Schedule as a consequence of such change.

When the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings are complete, the contractor shall prepare a revised
cost estimate (which shall include the amount of any overtime projected as necessary to
substantially complete the Work by the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date specified in the Lease) 3rd Floor North Final Cost Estimate and a revised 3rd Floor North Projected Construction
Schedule (the 3rd Floor North Scheduled Completion Date ). Any difference in time between the
initial 3rd Floor North Projected Construction Schedule and the

B-2 

3rd Floor North Scheduled Completion Date or the which result from changes made to the
Programming Information or to iterations of the Working Drawings by Tenant (other than to conform
them to the Programming Information) shall be the estimated number of days of Tenant Delay for the
3rd Floor North Work Estimated 3rd Floor North Tenant Delay ).

As soon as approved by Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall submit the 3rd Floor North Working
Drawings to all appropriate governmental agencies and thereafter the Landlord shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain required governmental approvals as soon as practicable.

Within a reasonable period after Substantial Completion of the 3rd Floor North Work, Landlord
shall provide Tenant with a true up jointly prepared by the Contractor and Landlord showing the
actual number of days of Tenant Delay. If the actual number of days of Tenant Delay is less than
the 3rd Floor North Estimated Tenant Delay, Tenant shall only be responsible for the actual number
of days of Tenant Delay and not the entirety of the 3rd Floor North Estimated Tenant Delay. After
approval of the 3rd Floor North Working Drawings, except for additional days of Tenant Delay which
are attributed to Tenant Delays pursuant to Section 6 (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Work Letter or
for Additional Work approved by Tenant pursuant to Section 7 for which Tenant shall be
responsible, Tenant shall not be responsible for an increase in the number of days of Tenant Delays
during construction of the 3rd Floor North Work over the 3rd Floor North Estimated Tenant Delay.

B. 3rd Floor South. Promptly following the execution of this Lease and Tenant s delivery to
Landlord of the requested Programming Information with respect to the 3rd Floor South, Landlord
shall prepare or cause to be prepared final working drawings and specifications for the Work (the
 3rd Floor South Working Drawings based on and consistent with the plans, drawings,
specifications, finish details and other information furnished by Tenant to Landlord 3rd Floor
South Initial Plans ). In addition, based on the 3rd Floor South Initial Plans, Landlord shall
request its contractor to prepare and submit for Tenant s review and approval an estimate for the
total cost of the Work (the 3rd Floor South Initial Cost Estimate and a projected construction
schedule (the 3rd Floor South Projected Construction Schedule identifying the estimated
completion date for the 3 rd Floor South Work.

Tenant shall designate a representative who shall be given the opportunity to attend all
construction meetings and comment and review all iterations of the 3rd Floor South Working
Drawings. So long as the 3rd Floor South Working Drawings are consistent with the 3rd Floor South
Initial Plans, Tenant shall approve the iterations of the 3rd Floor South Working Drawings within
three (3) days after receipt of same from Landlord by initialing and returning to Landlord each
sheet of the 3rd Floor South Working Drawings or by executing Landlord s approval form then in use,
whichever method of approval Landlord may designate.

Alternatively, within such three (3) day period, Tenant may deliver to Landlord the specific
written changes to 3rd Floor South Working Drawings, 3rd Floor South Initial Cost Estimate and 3rd
Floor South Projected Construction Schedule that are necessary, in Tenant s opinion, to conform
such plans to the 3rd Floor South Initial Plans (or to make changes requested by Tenant) or to
reduce costs. If Tenant desires changes, Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold its approval of
such changes and the parties shall confer and negotiate in good faith to

B-3 

reach agreement on modifications to the 3rd Floor South Working Drawings, 3rd Floor South
Initial Cost Estimate and 3rd Floor South Projected Construction Schedule as a consequence of such
change.

When the 3rd Floor South Working Drawings are complete, the contractor shall prepare a revised
cost estimate (the 3rd Floor South Final Cost Estimate and a revised 3rd Floor South Projected
Construction Schedule (the 3rd Floor South Scheduled Completion Date ).

As soon as approved by Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall submit the 3rd Floor South Working
Drawings to all appropriate governmental agencies and thereafter the Landlord shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain required governmental approvals as soon as practicable.

After approval of the 3rd Floor South Working Drawings, Tenant Delays shall be limited to
Tenant Delays pursuant to Section 6 (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Work Letter or resulting from
Additional Work approved by Tenant pursuant to Section 7.

3. Performance of the Work; Allowance; Additional Allowance. Except as hereinafter provided
to the contrary, Landlord shall cause the performance of the Work in a good and workmanlike manner,
free of defects and in compliance with the approved Working Drawings and with applicable law using
(except as may be stated or shown otherwise in the Working Drawings) building standard materials,
quantities and procedures then in use by Landlord Building Standards ), in accordance with the
approved Working Drawings. Landlord shall pay for a portion of the Cost of the Work (as defined
below) in an amount not to exceed the Allowance and the Additional Allowance, if requested by
Tenant, and Tenant shall pay for the entire Cost of the Work in excess of the Allowance and the
Additional Allowance if requested by Tenant. Tenant shall not be entitled to any credit, abatement
or payment from Landlord in the event that the amount of the Allowance or the Additional Allowance
exceeds the Cost of the Work. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cost of the Work shall
mean and include any and all costs and expenses of the Work and any Additional Work (as defined in
Section 7), including, without limitation, the cost of the Working Drawings and of all labor
(including overtime) and materials constituting the Work. The Allowance and Additional Allowance
may be used for all hard and soft construction costs in connection with the Work, including
architectural and engineering fees, a construction management fee to Landlord in connection with
Landlord s performance and monitoring of the Work and any Additional Work in an amount equal to
2.5 of the total hard construction costs (including any Additional Work and any change orders).
In no event may the Allowance or the Additional Allowance any portion thereof be used for Tenant s
computer networks, telephone systems, data and wiring, furniture purchase or installation, moving
costs or Rent.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Tenant shall have no responsibility for and
the Allowance shall not be used for the following, the costs of which shall be borne by Landlord:
(a) costs for improvements which are not shown on or described in the approved Working Drawings
unless otherwise approved by Tenant; (b) costs incurred due to the presence of Hazardous Materials
in the Premises or the surrounding area; (c) attorneys fees and experts fees and other costs in
connection with disputes with third parties; (d) interest and other costs of

B-4 

financing construction costs; (e) costs to the extent recovered by Landlord upon account of
warranties and insurance (which Landlord agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce
but which efforts shall not require Landlord to resort to legal proceedings of any type); (f)
restoration costs in excess of insurance proceeds as a consequence of casualties during the
construction of the Work; (g) costs to bring the Premises into compliance with applicable laws and
restrictions, including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act and environmental
laws and further including, without limitation, costs to cause the Premises to comply with Type 3,
One Hour building code requirements, if any; and (h) construction management, profit and overhead
charges of Landlord except for the 2.5 fee described above.

4. Payment. 

A. 3rd Floor North . Prior to commencing the 3rd Floor North Work, Landlord shall submit to
Tenant the 3rd Floor North Final Cost Estimate, which statement shall indicate the amount, if any,
by which the 3rd Floor North Final Cost Estimate exceeds the Allowance and any portion of the
Additional Allowance which Tenant has requested Landlord to fund towards the 3 rd Floor
North Work (the 3rd Floor North Excess Costs ). Tenant agrees, within three (3) days after
submission to it of such statement, to execute and deliver to Landlord, in the form then in use by
Landlord, an authorization to proceed with the 3rd Floor North Work (provided that Tenant may, in
its discretion approve or disapprove use of overtime), and Tenant shall also then pay to Landlord
an amount equal to the 3rd Floor North Excess Costs. No 3rd Floor North Work shall be commenced
until Tenant has fully complied with the preceding provisions of this Paragraph 4.

After Substantial Completion of the 3rd Floor North Work, Landlord shall provide Tenant with a
written statement of the Cost of the Work together with reasonable supporting documentation,
itemizing such costs and evidencing Landlord s incurrence of the amounts so invoiced. If the final
Cost of the Work including the Allowance, the Additional Allowance, if utilized by Tenant, and the
3rd Floor North Excess Costs, is less than the foregoing amounts, Landlord shall refund any
overpayment to Tenant within thirty (30) days after delivery of such statement and supporting
materials.

Except for increases in 3rd Floor North Excess Costs after Approval of the 3rd Floor North
Working Drawings which are attributed to Tenant Delays pursuant to Section 6 (c), (d), (e) and (f)
of this Work Letter or Additional Work approved by Tenant pursuant to Section 7, Tenant shall not
be responsible for an increase in 3rd Floor North Excess Costs. Tenant shall pay any underpayment
of 3rd Floor North Excess Costs to Landlord within thirty (30) days after delivery of such
statement and supporting materials.

B. 3rd Floor South . Prior to commencing the 3rd Floor South Work, Landlord shall submit to
Tenant the 3rd Floor South Final Cost Estimate, which statement shall indicate the amount, if any,
by which the 3rd Floor South Final Cost Estimate exceeds any remaining portions of the Allowance
and any remaining portions of the Additional Allowance which have not been applied towards the
3 rd Floor North Work (the 3rd Floor South Excess Costs ). Tenant agrees, within three
(3) days after submission to it of such statement, to execute and deliver to Landlord, in the form
then in use by Landlord, an authorization to proceed with the 3rd Floor South Work (provided that
Tenant may, in its discretion approve or disapprove use of overtime),

B-5 

and Tenant shall also then pay to Landlord an amount equal to the 3rd Floor South Excess
Costs. No 3rd Floor South Work shall be commenced until Tenant has fully complied with the
preceding provisions of this Paragraph 4.

After Substantial Completion of the 3rd Floor South Work, Landlord shall provide Tenant with
a written statement of the Cost of the Work together with reasonable supporting documentation,
itemizing such costs and evidencing Landlord s incurrence of the amounts so invoiced. If the final
Cost of the Work including the Allowance, the Additional Allowance, if utilized by Tenant, and the
3rd Floor South Excess Costs, is less than the foregoing amounts, Landlord shall refund any
overpayment to Tenant within thirty (30) days after delivery of such statement and supporting
materials.

Except for increases in 3rd Floor South Excess Costs after Approval of the 3rd Floor South
Working Drawings which are attributed to Tenant Delays pursuant to Section 6 (c), (d), (e) and (f)
of this Work Letter or Additional Work approved by Tenant pursuant to Section 7, Tenant shall not
be responsible for an increase in 3rd Floor South Excess Costs. Tenant shall pay any underpayment
of 3rd Floor South Excess Costs to Landlord within thirty (30) days after delivery of such
statement and supporting materials.

5. Substantial Completion. Landlord shall cause the Work to be substantially completed on
or before (i) the 3 rd Floor North Scheduled Completion Date, and (ii) the 3 rd 
Floor South Scheduled Completion Date, subject to delays caused by strikes, lockouts, boycotts or
other labor problems, casualties, discontinuance of any utility or other service required for
performance of the Work, unavailability or shortages of materials or other problems in obtaining
materials necessary for performance of the Work or any other matter beyond the control of Landlord
(or beyond the control of Landlord s contractors or subcontractors performing the Work) and also
subject to Tenant Delays (as defined and described in Paragraph 6 of this Work Letter). The Work
shall be deemed to be substantially completed for all purposes under this Work Letter and the
Lease if and when Landlord s architect issues a written certificate to Landlord and Tenant,
certifying that the Work has been substantially completed (i.e., completed except for punchlist 
items listed in such architect s certificate) and reasonably approved by Tenant in substantial
compliance with the Working Drawings and Landlord has obtained a certificate of occupancy or
 signed off job cards with respect to the respective portion of the Work. If the applicable
portion of the Work is not deemed to be substantially completed on or before the scheduled date of
the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date or the Third Floor South Scheduled Completion Date(a)
Landlord agrees to use reasonable efforts to complete the Work as soon as practicable thereafter,
(b) the Lease shall remain in full force and effect, except as otherwise provide in the Lease, (c)
Landlord shall not be deemed to be in breach or default of the Lease or this Work Letter as a
result thereof and except as and to the extent expressly provided in the Lease, Landlord shall have
no liability to Tenant as a result of any delay in occupancy (whether for damages, abatement of
Rent or otherwise), and (d) except to the extent of Tenant Delays, and notwithstanding anything
contained in the Lease to the contrary, the 3rd Floor North Commencement Date of the Lease Term as
specified in Section 1.5 of the Lease shall be extended to the date on which the Work is deemed to
be substantially completed. Landlord agrees to use reasonable diligence to complete all punchlist
work listed in the aforesaid architect s certificate promptly after substantial completion.

B-6 

6. Tenant Delays. There shall be no extension of the scheduled commencement or expiration
date of the term of the Lease if the 3rd Floor South Work or the 3rd Floor North Work has not been
substantially completed on the 3rd Floor South Scheduled Completion Date or the 3rd Floor North
Scheduled Completion Date, respectively as the case may be Tenant Delays ), including without
limitation:

(a) the failure of Tenant to furnish all or any plans, drawings, specifications, finish
details or the other information required under Paragraph 1 above on or before the date stated in
Paragraph 1;

(b) the failure of Tenant to grant approval of the Working Drawings within the time required
under Paragraph 2 above;

(c) the failure of Tenant to comply with the requirements of Paragraph 4 above;

(d) except as set forth in the Programming Information or the 3rd Floor South Initial Plans,
Tenant s requirements for special work or materials, finishes, or installations other than the
Building Standards or Tenant s requirements for special construction staging or phasing which delay
continues for more than one (1) business day following written or oral notification to Tenant
thereof ;

(e) the performance of any Additional Work (as defined in Paragraph 7 below) requested by
Tenant to the extent set forth in an executed TEO;

(f) the performance of any work in the Premises by any person, firm or corporation employed by
or on behalf of Tenant which delay continues for more than one (1) business day following written
or oral notification to Tenant thereof; or

(g) any other act or omission of Tenant which continues for more than one (1) business day
following written or oral notification to Tenant thereof .

7. Additional Work. Upon Tenant s request and submission by Tenant (at Tenant s sole cost and
expense) of the necessary information and/or plans and specifications for work other than the Work
described in the Working Drawings Additional Work and/or changes to the work in the Working
Drawings and the approval by Landlord of such Additional Work, which approval Landlord agrees shall
not be unreasonably withheld, Landlord shall perform such Additional Work, at Tenant s sole cost
and expense, subject, however, to the following provisions of this Paragraph 7. Prior to
commencing any Additional Work requested by Tenant, Landlord shall submit to Tenant (i) a written
statement of the cost of such Additional Work which shall take into account any cost savings
attributable to such Additional Work and, (ii) an estimate of the additional time, if any, required
for the construction of the Additional Work and (iii) concurrently with such statement and
estimate, Landlord shall also submit to Tenant a proposed tenant extra order (the TEO for the
Additional Work in the standard form then in use by Landlord. If Tenant approves the foregoing,
Tenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord such TEO and shall pay to Landlord the entire cost of
the Additional Work (as reflected in Landlord s statement of such cost), within two (2) business
days after Landlord s submission of such statement and TEO to Tenant and approve any delay set
forth in the TEO. If Tenant fails to

B-7 

execute or deliver such TEO or pay the entire cost of such Additional Work within such two (2)
business day period, then Landlord shall not be obligated to do any of the Additional Work and may
proceed to do only the Work, as specified in the Working Drawings.

8. Tenant Access. Landlord, in Landlord s reasonable discretion and upon request by Tenant,
shall grant to Tenant a license to have access to the 3rd Floor South and the 3rd Floor North from
and after the Lease Date and prior to the date designated in the Lease for the commencement of the
term of the Lease to allow Tenant to do other work required by Tenant to make the respective
portions of the Premises ready for Tenant s use and occupancy (the Tenant s Pre-Occupancy Work ).
It shall be a condition to the grant by Landlord and continued effectiveness of such license that:

(a) Tenant shall give to Landlord a written request to have such access to the Premises not
less than two (2) Business days prior to the date on which such access will commence, which written
request shall contain or shall be accompanied by each of the following items, all in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to Landlord: (i) a detailed description of and schedule for
Tenant s Pre-Occupancy Work; (ii) the names and addresses of all contractors, subcontractors and
material suppliers and all other representatives of Tenant who or which will be entering the
Premises on behalf of Tenant to perform Tenant s Pre-Occupancy Work or will be supplying materials
for such work, and the approximate number of individuals, itemized by trade, who will be present in
the Premises; (iii) copies of all materials and certificates of insurance required to be delivered
under Section 9 of the Lease in connection with Tenant s Pre-Occupancy Work.

(b) Such pre-term access by Tenant and its representatives shall be subject to scheduling by
Landlord, so as to avoid material interference with Landlord s Work or any delays in the
construction schedule.

(c) Tenant s employees, agents, contractors, workmen, mechanics, suppliers and invitees shall
work in harmony and not interfere with Landlord or Landlord s agents in performing the Work and any
Additional Work in the Premises, Landlord s work in other premises and in common areas of the
Building, or the general operation of the Building. If at any time any such person representing
Tenant shall cause or threaten to cause such disharmony or interference, including labor
disharmony, and Tenant fails to immediately institute and maintain such corrective actions as
directed by Landlord, then Landlord may withdraw such license upon twenty-four (24) hours prior
written notice to Tenant.

(d) Any such entry into and occupancy of the Premises by Tenant or any person or entity
working for or on behalf of Tenant shall be deemed to be subject to all of the terms, covenants,
conditions and provisions of the Lease, specifically including the provisions of Article IX thereof
(regarding Tenant s improvements and alterations to the Premises), and excluding only the covenant
to pay Rent. Landlord shall not be liable for any injury, loss or damage which may occur to any of
Tenant s Pre-Occupancy Work made in or about the Premises or to property placed therein prior to
the commencement of the term of the Lease, the same being at Tenant s sole risk and liability.
Tenant shall be liable to Landlord for any damage to the Premises or to any portion of the Work or
Additional Work caused by Tenant or any of Tenant s employees, agents, contractors, workmen or
suppliers.

B-8 

9. Lease Provisions. The terms and provisions of the Lease, insofar as they are applicable to
this Work Letter, including without limitation, the provisions of Section 22 of the Lease, are
hereby incorporated herein by reference. All amounts payable by Tenant to Landlord hereunder shall
be deemed to be additional Rent under the Lease and, upon any default in the payment of same,
Landlord shall have all of the rights and remedies provided for in the Lease.

10. Miscellaneous. 

(a) This Work Letter shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the Premises are
located.

(b) This Work Letter may not be amended except by a written instrument signed by the party or
parties to be bound thereby.

(c) Notices under this Work Letter shall be given in the same manner as under the Lease.

(d) The headings set forth herein are for convenience only.

(e) This Work Letter sets forth the entire agreement of Tenant and Landlord regarding the
Work.

(f) In the event that the final working drawings and specifications are included as part of
the Initial Plan attached hereto, or in the event Landlord performs the Work without the necessity
of preparing working drawings and specifications, then whenever the term Working Drawings is used
in this Agreement, such term shall be deemed to refer to the Initial Plan and all supplemental
plans and specifications approved by Landlord.

B-9 

SCHEDULE 1

BASE BUILDING WORK

1. Base Building

Base building electrical, mechanical, fire protection and life safety system distribution (as
required by code), shall comply with the applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities
Act (the ADA ), the national fire protection administration regulations, the local building and
fire code, title 24 and any other requirements of governmental agencies having jurisdiction over
the Building (collectively, the Building Regulations, regardless of whether such compliance is
due to or triggered by the construction of the tenant improvements. All fire protection, HVAC,
electrical and mechanical systems shall be in good working order and repair

2. Shell Space

The area intended for Tenant s leasehold improvements shall be reasonably clean and free from any
debris.

Drywall (taped, sanded and ready for paint) at all perimeter locations (with the exception of the
exposed brick walls), columns exposed, ceiling exposed to structure, exit signs per shell code,
upright fire sprinklers, and fire extinguisher cabinets.

Ladies and Men s restrooms will be completed and in compliance with ADA and the Uniform Plumbing
Code (relative to construction, number of fixtures, and number/location of restrooms). Finishes to
include: laminate counters with sinks, tile floor and base, paint finish at other walls, metal
toilet partitions, wood door at entry, appropriate lighting, toilet room accessories, pendant fire
sprinklers.

One refrigerated drinking fountain adjacent to restrooms.

3 . HVAC Base Building System

Base Building HVAC System to be stubbed to the Premises and shall comply with the state and local
Building codes.

4. Electrical

In electrical rooms, service and distribution panel boards and transformers. Specifically,
Landlord shall provide on the Premises not less than (i) one 75-KVA transformer, (ii) one
277/480-volt panel board, and (iii) one 120/208-volt panel board.

5. Fire Protection

Automatic sprinkler system piping will be connected to the existing system riser, including flow
and tamper switches and riser drains. Smoke detectors, main loop and minimum distribution piping
will provide required system piping. Relocation and sprinkler head installation will be the
responsibility of the Tenant.

B-10 

6. Building Lobby

a. On or before February 1, 2008, completion of the construction of the lobby which shall include
interior tenant signage and directory.

b. Modification of main entrance to the Building with new lobby doors and a canopy in accordance
with the conceptual renderings prepared by Interior Architects and in conformance with all
applicable Laws Entrance Modification ).

Subject to force majeure delay, Landlord will complete the Entrance Modification not later than
eight weeks after receipt of all building permits and governmental approvals.

7. Card Access

On or before February 1, 2008, Landlord to supply a card access system for the main lobby doors,
garage doors for after hours use, and, if approved by local building and fire departments, passage
doors at both levels from garage to elevators.

8. Carpet Patch

On or before February 1, 2008, Landlord shall patch areas of the carpet in the 3rd Floor South
requiring repair or replacement.

B-11 

EXHIBIT C 

RULES 

(1) On Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays, and on other days between the hours of 6:00 P.M. and
7:00 A.M. the following day, or such other hours as Landlord shall determine from time to time,
access to the Building and/or to the passageways, entrances, exits, shipping areas, halls,
corridors, elevators or stairways and other areas in the Building may be restricted and access
gained by use of a key or card access system to the outside doors of the Building, or pursuant to
such security procedures Landlord may from time to time impose. All such areas, and all roofs, are
not for use of the general public and Landlord shall in all cases retain the right to control and
prevent access thereto by all persons whose presence in the judgment of Landlord shall be
prejudicial to the safety, character, reputation and interests of the Building and its tenants
provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent such access to
persons with whom Tenant deals in the normal course of Tenant s business unless such persons are
engaged in activities which are illegal or violate these Rules. No Tenant and no employee or
invitee of Tenant shall enter into areas reserved for the exclusive use of Landlord, its employees
or invitees. Tenant shall keep doors to corridors and lobbies closed except when persons are
entering or leaving.

(2) Tenant shall not paint, display, inscribe, maintain or affix any sign, placard, picture,
advertisement, name, notice, lettering or direction on any part of the outside or inside of the
Building, or on any part of the inside of the Premises which can be seen from the outside of the
Premises, without the prior consent of Landlord, and then only such name or names or matter and in
such color, size, style, character and material as may be first approved by Landlord in writing.
Landlord shall prescribe the suite number and identification sign for the Premises (which shall be
prepared and installed by Landlord at Tenant s expense). Landlord reserves the right to remove at
Tenant s expense all matter not so installed or approved without notice to Tenant.

(3) Tenant shall not in any manner use the name of the Building for any purpose other than
that of the business address of the Tenant, or use any picture or likeness of the Building, in any
letterheads, envelopes, circulars, notices, advertisements, containers or wrapping material without
Landlord s express consent in writing.

(4) Tenant shall not place anything or allow anything to be placed in the Premises near the
glass of any door, partition, wall or window which may be unsightly from outside the Premises, and
Tenant shall not place or permit to be placed any article of any kind on any window ledge or on the
exterior walls. Blinds, shades, awnings or other forms of inside or outside window ventilators or
similar devices, shall not be placed in or about the outside windows in the Premises except to the
extent, if any, that the character, shape, color, material and make thereof is first approved by
the Landlord.

(5) Furniture, freight and other large or heavy articles, and all other deliveries may be
brought into the Building only at times and in the manner designated by Landlord, and always
through the loading dock and freight elevators, at the Tenant s sole responsibility and risk.
Landlord may impose reasonable charges for use of freight elevators after or before normal

C-1 

business hours. All damage done to the Building by moving or maintaining such furniture,
freight or articles shall be repaired by Landlord at Tenant s expense. Landlord may inspect items
brought into the Building or Premises with respect to weight or dangerous nature. Landlord may
require that all furniture, equipment, cartons and similar articles removed from the Premises or
the Building be listed and a removal permit therefor first be obtained from Landlord. Tenant shall
not take or permit to be taken in or out of other entrances or elevators of the Building, any item
normally taken, or which Landlord otherwise reasonably requires to be taken, in or out through
service doors or on freight elevators. Tenant shall not allow anything to remain in or obstruct in
any way, any lobby, corridor, sidewalk, passageway, atrium, entrance, exit, hall, stairway,
shipping area, or other such area. Tenant shall move all supplies, furniture and equipment as soon
a received directly to the Premises, and shall move all such items and waste (other than waste
customarily removed by Building employees) that are at any time being taken from the Premises
directly to the areas designated for disposal. Any handcarts used at the Building shall have
rubber wheels.

(6) Tenant shall not overload any floor or part thereof in the Premises, or Building,
including any public corridors or elevators therein bringing in or removing any large or heavy
articles, and Landlord may direct and control the location of safes and all other heavy articles
and require supplementary support, at Tenant s expense of such material and dimensions as Landlord
may deem necessary to appropriately distribute the weight.

(7) Tenant shall not attach or permit to be attached additional locks or similar devices to
any door or window, change existing locks or the mechanism thereof, or make or permit to be made
any keys for any door other than those provided by Landlord. If more than two keys for one lock
are desired, Landlord will provide them upon payment therefor by Tenant. Tenant, upon termination
of its tenancy, shall deliver to the Landlord all keys of offices, rooms and toilet rooms which
have been furnished Tenant or which the Tenant shall have had made, and in the event of loss of any
keys so furnished shall pay Landlord therefor.

(8) If Tenant desires signal, communication, alarm or other utility or similar service
connections installed or changed, Tenant shall not install or change the same without the prior
approval of Landlord, and then only under Landlord s direction at Tenant s expense. Tenant shall
not install in the Premises any equipment which requires more electric current than Landlord is
required to provide under this Lease, without Landlord s prior approval, and Tenant shall ascertain
from Landlord the maximum amount of load or demand for or use of electrical current which can
safely be permitted in the Premises, taking into account the capacity of electric wiring in the
Building and the Premises and the needs of tenants of the Building, and shall not in any event
connect a greater load then such safe capacity.

(9) Tenant shall not obtain for use upon the Premises ice, drinking water, towel, janitor and
other similar services, except from Persons approved by the Landlord. Any Person engaged by Tenant
to provide janitor or other services shall be subject to direction by the manager or security
personnel of the Building.

(10) The toilet rooms, urinals, wash bowls and other such apparatus shall not be used for any
purposes other than that for which they were constructed and no foreign substance of any kind
whatsoever shall be thrown therein and the expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage

C-2 

resulting from the violation of this Rule shall be borne by the Tenant who, or whose employees
or invitees shall have caused it.

(11) The janitorial closets, utility closets, telephone closets, broom closets, storage
closets, and other such closets, rooms and areas shall be used only for the purposes and in the
manner designated by Landlord, and may not be used by tenants, or their contractors, agents,
employees, or other parties without Landlord s prior written consent.

(12) Landlord reserves the right to exclude or expel from the Building any person who, in the
judgment of Landlord, is intoxicated or under the influence of liquor or drugs, or who shall in any
manner do any act in violation of any of these Rules. Tenant shall not at any time manufacture,
sell, use or give away, any spirituous, fermented, intoxicating or alcoholic liquors on the
Premises, nor permit any of the same to occur (except in connection with occasional social or
business events conducted in the Premises which do not violate any Laws or bother or annoy any
other tenants). Tenant shall not at any time sell, purchase or give away food in any form by or to
any of Tenant s agents or employees or any other parties on the Premises, nor permit any of the
same to occur (other than in lunch rooms or kitchens for employees as may be permitted or installed
by Landlord, which does not violate any Laws or bother or annoy any other tenant).

(13) Tenant shall not make any suite-to-suite canvass to solicit business or information or to
distribute any article or material to or from other tenants or occupants of the Building and shall
not exhibit, sell or offer to sell, use, rent or exchange any products or services in or from the
Premises unless ordinarily embraced within the Tenant s use of Premises specified in the Lease.

(14) Tenant shall not waste electricity, water, heat or air conditioning or other utilities or
services, and agrees to cooperate fully with Landlord to assure the most effective and energy
efficient operation of the Building and shall not allow the adjustment (except by Landlord s
authorized Building personnel) of any controls. Tenant shall keep corridor doors closed and shall
not open any windows, except that if the air circulation shall not be in operation, windows which
are openable may be opened with Landlord s consent. As a condition to claiming any deficiency in
the air-conditioning or ventilation services provided by Landlord, Tenant shall close any blinds or
drapes in the Premises to prevent or minimize direct sunlight.

(15) Tenant shall conduct no auction, fire sale or going out of business sale or
bankruptcy sale in or from the Premises, and such prohibition shall apply to Tenant s creditors.

(16) Tenant shall cooperate and comply with any reasonable safety or security programs,
including fire drills and air raid drills, and the appointment of fire wardens developed by
Landlord for the Building, or required by Law. Before leaving the Premises unattended, Tenant
shall close and securely lock all doors or other means of entry to the Premises and shut off all
lights and water faucets in the Premises (except heat to the extent necessary to prevent the
freezing or bursting of pipes).

(17) Tenant will comply with all municipal, county, state, federal or other requirements
including without limitation, environmental, health, safety and police requirements

C-3 

and regulations respecting the Premises, now or hereinafter in force, at its sole cost, and
will not use the Premises for any immoral purposes.

(18) Tenant shall not use or permit to be brought into the Premises or the Building any
flammable oils or fluids, or any explosive or other articles deemed hazardous to persons or
Building, or do or permit to be done any act or thing which will invalidate or which if brought in
would be in conflict with any insurance policy covering the Building or its operation, or the
Premises, or any part of either, and will not do or permit to be done anything in or upon the
Premises, or bring or keep anything therein, which shall not comply with all rules, orders,
regulations or requirements or any organization, bureaus, department or body having jurisdiction
with respect thereto (and Tenant shall at all times comply with all such rules, orders, regulations
or requirements), or which shall increase the rate of insurance on the Building, its appurtenances,
contents or operation.

(19) No vending machines of any description shall be installed, maintained or operated without
the written consent of Landlord.

(20) Tenant shall not carry on any business, activity or service except those ordinarily
embraced within the permitted use of the Premises specified in the Lease and more particularly, but
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not (i) install or operate any internal
combustion engine, boiler, machinery, refrigerating, heating or air conditioning equipment in or
about the Premises, (ii) use the Premises for housing, lodging or sleeping purposes or for the
washing of clothes, (iii) place any radio or television antennae other than inside of the Premises,
(iv) operate or permit to be operated any musical or sound producing instrument or device which may
be heard outside the Premises, (v) use any source of power other than electricity, (vi) operate any
electrical or other device from which may emanate electrical or other waves which may interfere
with or impair radio, television, microwave, or other broadcasting or reception from or in the
Building or elsewhere, (vii) bring or permit any bicycle or other vehicle, or dog (except as a
service dog in the company of a disabled person or except where specifically permitted) or other
animal or bird in the Building, (viii) make or permit objectionable noise or odor to emanate from
the Premises, (ix) do anything in or about the Premises tending to create or maintain a nuisance or
do any act tending to injure the reputation of the Building, (x) throw or permit to be thrown or
dropped any article from any window or other opening in the Building, (xi) use or permit upon the
Premises anything that will invalidate or increase the rate of insurance on any policies of
insurance now or hereafter carried on the Building or violate the certificates of occupancy issued
for the premises or the Building, (xii) use the Premises for any purpose, or permit upon the
Premises anything, that may be dangerous to persons or Building (including but not limited to
flammable oils, fluids, paints, chemicals, firearms or any explosive article or materials) nor
(xiii) do or permit anything to be done upon the Premises in any way tending to disturb any other
tenant at the Building or the occupants of neighboring Building.

(21) The use of the courtyard may be reserved for private functions upon the prior reservation
by Tenant, which shall be made not less than two (2) weeks in advance or more than two (2) months
in advance without Landlord s prior written approval of such planned usage; provided that Tenant
shall pay for the costs of preparing and setting up the courtyard for private functions and the
costs of cleaning and restoring the courtyard after such usage at the rates established by Landlord
from time to time during the Term. Landlord may reasonably restrict

C-4 

usage of the courtyard so that such facilities are available to the reasonably equivalent use
by Tenant and other tenants. Tenant shall comply with Landlord s reasonable rules and regulations
with respect to the courtyard as the same have been provided by Landlord to Tenant. Landlord s
rules and regulations with respect to the courtyard shall be enforced in a nondiscriminatory manner
with respect to other tenants.

(22) If the Building shall now or hereafter contain a building garage, parking structure or
other parking area or facility, the following Rules shall apply in such areas or facilities:

(A) Parking shall be available in areas designated generally for tenant parking, for such
daily or monthly charges as Landlord may establish from time to time, or as may be provided in any
Parking Agreement attached hereto (which, when signed by both parties as provided therein, shall
thereupon become effective). In all cases, parking for Tenant and its employees and visitors shall
be on a first come, first served unassigned basis, with Landlord and other tenants at the
Building, and their employees and visitors, to whom Landlord shall grant the right or who shall
otherwise have the right to use the same, all subject to these Rules, as the same may be amended or
supplemented, and applied on a nondiscriminatory basis, all as further described in Article VI of
the Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, Landlord reserves the right to assign
specific spaces, and to reserve spaces for visitors, small cars, handicapped individuals, and other
tenants, visitors of tenants or other Persons, and Tenant and its employees and visitors shall not
park in any such assigned or reserved spaces. Landlord may restrict or prohibit full size vans and
other large vehicles.

(B) In case of any violation of these provisions, Landlord may refuse to permit the violator
to park, and may remove the vehicle owned or driven by the violator from the Building without
liability whatsoever, at such violator s risk and expense. Landlord reserves the right to close
all or a portion of the parking areas or facilities in order to make repairs or perform maintenance
services, or to alter, modify, restripe or renovate the same, of if required by casualty, strike,
condemnation, act of God, Law or governmental requirement, or any other reason beyond Landlord s
reasonable control. In the event access is denied for any reason, any monthly parking charges
shall be abated to the extent access is denied, as Tenant s sole recourse. Tenant acknowledges
that such parking areas or facilities may be operated by an independent contractor not affiliated
with Landlord, and Tenant acknowledges that in such event, Landlord shall have no liability for
claims arising through acts or omissions of such independent contractor, if such contractor is
reputable. Landlord in no way shall be responsible for any damage and/or liability arising out of
Tenant s use of the parking garage.

(C) Hours shall be 7 A.M. to 6 P.M., Monday through Friday, or such other hours as may be
reasonably established by Landlord or its parking operator from time to time; cars must be parked
entirely within the stall lines, and only small cars may be parked in areas reserved for small
cars; all directional signs and arrows must be observed; the speed limit shall be 5 miles per hour;
spaces reserved for handicapped parking must be used only by vehicles properly designated; every
parker is required to park and lock his own car; washing, waxing, cleaning or servicing of any
vehicle is prohibited; parking spaces may be used only for parking automobiles; parking is
prohibited in areas: (a) not striped or designated for parking, (b) aisles, (c) where no parking 
signs are posted, (d) on ramps, and (e) loading areas and other specially designated areas.
Delivery trucks and vehicles shall use only those areas designated therefor.

C-5 

(23) To the extent that Tenant has access to a patio or balcony area, Tenant will not place
any items, such as furniture, that may be subject to being blown off by heavy winds unless such
items are stored inside the Premises when not being used. Landlord and its property manager will
have no liability for any damage or loss to items stored on such patio or balcony areas.

C-6 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF COMMENCEMENT DATE CERTIFICATE 

THIS COMMENCEMENT DATE CERTIFICATE (this Certificate is given by , a
 Tenant ), to BRANNAN PROPCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with
respect to that certain Office Lease dated , 2008 (the Lease ), relating to the 3rd
Floor (the 3rd Floor at the building commonly known as 250 Brannan Street, San
Francisco, California (the Building ), which Premises are more fully identified in the Lease.

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements stated in the Lease, and intending
that this Certificate may be relied upon by Landlord and any prospective purchaser or present or
prospective mortgagee, deed of trust beneficiary or ground lessor of all or a portion of the
Building, Tenant certifies as follows:

1. Except for those terms expressly defined in this Certificate, all initially capitalized
terms will have the meanings stated for such terms in the Lease.

2. Landlord
first delivered possession of the 3rd Floor to Tenant (either for
occupancy by Tenant or for the commencement of construction by Tenant) on , 2008.

3. Tenant
moved into the 3rd Floor
 (or otherwise first occupied the 3rd Floor for
Tenant s business purposes) on , 2008, and Tenant has unconditionally accepted the
improvements constructed by Landlord, if any.

4. The
3rd Floor Commencement Date occurred on , 2008, and the Expiration
Date will occur on , 200 .

5. Tenant s obligation to make monthly payments of Base Rent under the Lease began (or will
begin) on , 2008 with respect to the 3rd Floor .

6. Tenant s obligation to make monthly estimated payments of additional Rent under the Lease
with respect to the 3rd Floor began (or will begin) on , 2009.

Executed
this day of , 2008.

Witnesses as to Tenant: 
 TENANT: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

D-1 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF SNDA 

RECORDING
REQUESTED BY AND AFTER RECORDING, RETURN TO: 

Capmark Bank 
116 Welsh Road 
Horsham, PA 19044-8015 
Attn: Servicing Executive Vice President

SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDER S USE 

SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE 
AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT 

This Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement Agreement ), is made as of
this _th day of , 200 among CAPMARK BANK , a Utah industrial bank Lender ), , Landlord ), and Northshore Family Medical Center Tenant ).

Background 

Lender has agreed to make a loan to Landlord in the original principal amount Loan ), which will be secured by a mortgage, deed of trust or similar security instrument
(either, Security Instrument on Landlord s property described more particularly on
 Exhibit A attached hereto Property ).

Tenant is the present lessee under that certain lease agreement between Landlord and Tenant
dated , as thereafter modified and supplemented Lease ), demising a portion
of the Property described more particularly in the Lease Leased Space ).

A requirement of the Loan is that Tenant s Lease be subordinated to the Security Instrument.
Landlord has requested Tenant to so subordinate the Lease in exchange for Lender s agreement not to
disturb Tenant s possession of the Leased Space upon the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises of this Agreement, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Subordination . Tenant agrees that the Lease, and all estates, options and rights
created under the Lease, hereby are subordinated and made subject to the lien and effect of the
Security Instrument, as if the Security Instrument had been executed and recorded prior to the
Lease.

Nondisturbance . Lender agrees that no foreclosure (whether judicial or nonjudicial),
deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or other sale of the Property in connection with enforcement of the

E-1 

Security Instrument or otherwise in satisfaction of the Loan shall operate to terminate the
Lease or Tenant s rights thereunder to possess and use the Leased Space provided ,
 however , that no uncured default beyond applicable notice and cure periods exists under the
Lease.

Attornment . Tenant agrees to attorn to and recognize as its landlord under the Lease
each party acquiring legal title to the Property by foreclosure (whether judicial or nonjudicial)
of the Security Instrument, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or other sale in connection with
enforcement of the Security Instrument or otherwise in satisfaction of the Loan Successor
Owner ). Provided that the conditions set forth in Section 2 above are met at the time
Successor Owner becomes owner of the Property, Successor Owner shall perform all obligations of the
landlord under the Lease arising from and after the date title to the Property is transferred to
Successor Owner. In no event, however, will any Successor Owner be: (a) liable for any default,
act or omission of any prior landlord under the Lease; (b) subject to any offset or defense which
Tenant may have against any prior landlord under the Lease; (c) bound by any payment of rent or
additional rent made by Tenant to Landlord more than 30 days in advance; (d) bound by any
modification or supplement to the Lease, or waiver of Lease terms, made without Lender s written
consent thereto; (e) liable for the return of any security deposit or other prepaid charge paid by
Tenant under the Lease, except to the extent such amounts were actually received by Lender; or (f)
liable or bound by any right of first refusal or option to purchase all or any portion of the
Property. Although the foregoing provisions of this Agreement are self-operative, Tenant agrees to
execute and deliver to Lender or any Successor Owner such further instruments as Lender or a
Successor Owner may from time to time request in order to confirm this Agreement. If any liability
of Successor Owner does arise pursuant to this Agreement, such liability shall be limited to
Successor Owner s interest in the Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Successor Owner
shall be liable for the performance of the obligations of the Landlord under the Lease, including
construction of the tenant improvements that constitute continuing defaults of a prior Landlord
(including without limitation the Landlord) to the extent such act, omission or default is
continuing after Successor Owner acquires the Property and it has received from Tenant such notice
and opportunity to cure or commence to cure as is provided for in the Lease) with respect to such
act, omission or default.

Rent Payments; Notice to Tenant Regarding Rent Payments . Tenant agrees not to pay rent
more than one (1) month in advance unless otherwise specified in the Lease. After notice is given
to Tenant by Lender that Landlord is in default under the Security Instrument and that the rentals
under the Lease are to be paid to Lender directly pursuant to the assignment of leases and rents
granted by Landlord to Lender in connection therewith, Tenant shall thereafter pay to Lender all
rent and all other amounts due or to become due to Landlord under the Lease. Landlord hereby
expressly authorizes Tenant to make such payments to Lender upon reliance on Lender s written
notice (without any inquiry into the factual basis for such notice or any prior notice to or
consent from Landlord) and hereby releases Tenant from all liability to Landlord in connection with
Tenant s compliance with Lender s written instructions.

Lender Opportunity to Cure Landlord Defaults . Tenant agrees that, until the Security
Instrument is released by Lender, it will not exercise any remedies under the Lease following a
Landlord default without having first given to Lender (a) written notice of the alleged Landlord
default and (b) the opportunity to cure such default within the longer of (i) 30 days after the
cure period provided under the Lease to Landlord, (ii) 30 days from Landlord s receipt of Tenant s

E-2 

notice to Lender of a Landlord default, or (iii) if the cure of such default requires
possession of the Property, 30 days after Lender has obtained possession of the Property; provided
that, in each case, if such default cannot reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Lender
has diligently commenced to cure such default promptly within the time contemplated by this
Agreement, such 30-day period shall be extended for so long as it shall require Lender, in the
exercise of due diligence, to cure such default, but, unless the parties otherwise agree, in no
event shall the entire cure period be more than 120 days. Tenant acknowledges that Lender is not
obligated to cure any Landlord default, but if Lender elects to do so, Tenant agrees to accept cure
by Lender as that of Landlord under the Lease and will not exercise any right or remedy under the
Lease for a Landlord default. Performance rendered by Lender on Landlord s behalf is without
prejudice to Lender s rights against Landlord under the Security Instrument or any other documents
executed by Landlord in favor of Lender in connection with the Loan.

Miscellaneous .

Notices . All notices and other communications under this Agreement are to be in
writing and sent to the addresses as set forth below. Default or demand notices shall be deemed to
have been duly given upon the earlier of: (i) actual receipt; (ii) one (1) business day after
having been timely deposited for overnight delivery, fee prepaid, with a reputable overnight
courier service, having a reliable tracking system; iii) one (1) business day after having been
sent by telecopier (with answer back acknowledged) provided an additional notice is given pursuant
to (ii); or (iv) three (3) business days after having been deposited in any post office or mail
depository regularly maintained by the U.S. Postal Service and sent by certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, and in the case of clause (ii) and (iv) irrespective of whether
delivery is accepted. A new address for notice may be established by written notice to the other
parties; provided, however, that no address change will be effective until written notice thereof
actually is received by the party to whom such address change is sent.

To Lender:

Capmark Bank 

116 Welsh Road 

Horsham, PA 19044 

Attn: Servicing Executive Vice President 

To Tenant:

To Landlord:

Entire Agreement; Modification . This Agreement is the entire agreement between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior
discussions, representations, communications and agreements (oral or written). This Agreement
shall not be modified, supplemented, or terminated, nor any provision hereof waived, except by a
written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement thereof is sought, and then only to
the extent expressly set forth in such writing.

E-3 

Binding Effect; Joint and Several Obligations . This Agreement is binding upon and
inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, legal
representatives, successors, and assigns, whether by voluntary action of the parties or by
operation of law. No Indemnitor may delegate or transfer its obligations under this Agreement.

Unenforceable Provisions . Any provision of this Agreement which is determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction or government body to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal shall be
ineffective only to the extent of such determination and shall not affect the validity,
enforceability or legality of any other provision, nor shall such determination apply in any
circumstance or to any party not controlled by such determination.

Duplicate Originals; Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of
duplicate originals, and each duplicate original shall be deemed to be an original. This Agreement
(and each duplicate original) also may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original and all of which together constitute a fully executed Agreement even
though all signatures do not appear on the same document.

Construction of Certain Terms . Defined terms used in this Agreement may be used
interchangeably in singular or plural form, and pronouns shall be construed to cover all genders.
Article and section headings are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpretation of
this Agreement. The words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or other
subdivision; and the word section refers to the entire section and not to any particular
subsection, paragraph or other subdivision; and Agreement and each of the Loan Documents
referred to herein mean the agreement as originally executed and as hereafter modified,
supplemented, extended, consolidated, or restated from time to time.

Governing Law . This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced according to the laws
of the State where the Property is located (excluding any choice of law rules that may direct the
application of the laws of another jurisdiction).

Consent to Jurisdiction . Each party hereto irrevocably consents and submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court sitting in the county and state
where the Property is located with respect to any legal action arising with respect to this
Agreement and waives all objections which it may have to such jurisdiction and venue.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO
WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ISSUE ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT.

Remainder of page is blank; signatures appear on next page. 

E-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
 this Agreement is executed this 8th day of January, 2008.

TENANT: 

WITNESSES:

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael S. Herring 

Print Name:

Name:

Mike Herring 

Title:

CFO 

Print Name:

Notary Stamp 

/s/ Nicole Y. Rowe 

NOTARY PUBLIC 

My Commission expires: Sept. 19, 2011 

LANDLORD : 

WITNESSES:

By: 

Print Name:

Name: 

Title: 

Print Name:

NOTARY PUBLIC 

My Commission expires:

E-5 

LENDER: 

WITNESSES:

CAPMARK BANK, 
a Utah industrial bank 

By: 

Print Name:

Name: 

Title: 

Print Name:

NOTARY PUBLIC 

My Commission expires:

E-6 

EXHIBIT A 

Legal Description of Property 

Intentionally Omitted 

EXHIBIT F

SIGNAGE CRITERIA

F-1 

EXHIBIT G

LETTER OF CREDIT

BENEFICIARY: 
 BRANNAN PROP CO, LLC 
252 CLAYTON 
DENVER, CO 80205 
ATTN: ASSET MANAGER

AS LANDLORD 

APPLICANT: 
 OMNITURE, INC. 
550 EAST TIMPANOGOS CIRCLE 
OREM, UT 84097

AS TENANT 

AMOUNT: US 1,280,000.00 (ONE MILLION TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY THOUSAND AND NO/100 US DOLLARS)

EXPIRATION
DATE: MARCH 1, 2009 

LOCATION: AT OUR COUNTERS IN SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA 

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN:

WE HEREBY ESTABLISH OUR IRREVOCABLE STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT NO. SVBSF IN YOUR FAVOR. THIS
LETTER OF CREDIT IS AVAILABLE BY SIGHT PAYMENT WITH OURSELVES ONLY AGAINST PRESENTATION AT THE
BANK S OFFICE (AS DEFINED BELOW) OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS:

1. 
 
 THE ORIGINAL OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT AND ALL AMENDMENT (S), IF ANY. 

2. 
 
 YOUR SIGHT DRAFT, IN WHOLE OR IN PART DRAWN ON US IN THE FORM ATTACHED HERETO AS
 EXHIBIT A . 

3. 
 
 A DATED STATEMENT PURPORTEDLY SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
BENEFICIARY, FOLLOWED BY HIS/HER PRINTED NAME AND DESIGNATED TITLE, STATING ANY OF THE
FOLLOWING: 

(A) AN EVENT OF DEFAULT HAS OCCURRED UNDER THAT CERTAIN LEASE

G-1 

AGREEMENT BETWEEN APPLICANT, AS TENANT, AND BENEFICIARY, AS
LANDLORD, DATED AS OF January 8, 2008, AS AMENDED.

OR

(B) AN UNCURED FAILURE BY THE TENANT TO PERFORM ONE OR MORE OF ITS
OBLIGATIONS HAS OCCURRED UNDER THAT CERTAIN LEASE BETWEEN
APPLICANT, AS TENANT, AND BENEFICIARY, AS LANDLORD DATED AS OF
 January 8, 2008 , AS AMENDED, AND THERE EXISTS CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER
WHICH LANDLORD IS ENJOINED OR OTHERWISE PREVENTED BY OPERATION
OF LAW FROM GIVING TO TENANT A WRITTEN NOTICE WHICH WOULD BE
NECESSARY FOR SUCH FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE TO CONSTITUTE AN
EVENT OF DEFAULT UNDER SUCH LEASE.

OR

(C) APPLICANT HAS FAILED TO DELIVER TO BENEFICIARY, NOT LESS THAN SIXTY
(60) DAYS PRIOR TO THE EXPIRY DATE OF THE LETTER OF CREDIT BEING
ENCASHED, A REPLACEMENT LETTER OF CREDIT, AS DEFINED IN, AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THE LEASE BETWEEN APPLICANT, AS
TENANT, AND BENEFICIARY, AS LANDLORD, DATED AS OF January 8, 2008, AS 
AMENDED.

G-2 

THE LEASE MENTIONED ABOVE IS FOR IDENTIFICATION PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED THAT SAID LEASE
BE INCORPORATED HEREIN OR FORM PART OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT.

UPON PRESENTATION OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT ACCOMPANIED BY ANY ONE OF THE FOREGOING STATEMENTS,
WE SHALL NOT REQUIRE PROOF OF THE AUTHORITY OF THE AGENT SIGNING THE STATEMENT, AND WILL NOT
REQUIRE PROOF OF THE MATTERS SET FORTH IN THE STATEMENT AND SHALL INSTEAD PRESUME THE AUTHORITY OF
THE AGENT AND THE ADEQUACY OF THE STATEMENT BY REASON OF PRESENTATION WITH IT OF THE ORIGINAL
LETTER OF CREDIT.

THIS LETTER OF CREDIT CANNOT BE MODIFIED OR REVOKED WITHOUT THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE BENEFICIARY.

PARTIAL AND MULTIPLE DRAWINGS ARE ALLOWED. THIS LETTER OF CREDIT MUST ACCOMPANY ANY DRAWINGS
HEREUNDER FOR ENDORSEMENT OF THE DRAWING AMOUNT AND WILL BE RETURNED TO BENEFICIARY UNLESS IT IS
FULLY UTILIZED.

THIS LETTER OF CREDIT SHALL BE AUTOMATICALLY EXTENDED FOR AN ADDITIONAL PERIOD OF ONE YEAR,
WITHOUT AMENDMENT, FROM THE PRESENT OR EACH FUTURE EXPIRATION DATE UNLESS AT LEAST SIXTY (60) DAYS
PRIOR TO THE THEN CURRENT EXPIRATION DATE WE NOTIFY YOU BY REGISTERED MAIL/OVERNIGHT COURIER
SERVICE AT THE ABOVE ADDRESS (OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS BENEFICIARY MAY FROM TIME TO TIME DESIGNATE
IN A NOTICE DELIVERED TO SILICON VALLEY BANK AT THE BANK S OFFICE) THAT THIS LETTER OF CREDIT WILL
NOT BE EXTENDED BEYOND THE THEN-CURRENT EXPIRATION DATE. BUT IN ANY EVENT THIS LETTER OF CREDIT
WILL NOT BE EXTENDED BEYOND JULY 31 2013 WHICH SHALL BE THE FINAL
EXPIRATION DATE OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT.

THE DATE THIS LETTER OF CREDIT EXPIRES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ABOVE PROVISION IS THE FINAL
EXPIRATION DATE . UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF THE FINAL EXPIRATION DATE THIS LETTER OF CREDIT SHALL
FULLY AND FINALLY EXPIRE AND NO PRESENTATIONS MADE UNDER THIS LETTER OF CREDIT AFTER SUCH DATE WILL
BE HONORED.

G-3 

THIS LETTER OF CREDIT IS TRANSFERABLE WITHOUT COST TO THE BENEFICIARY ONE OR MORE TIMES BY THE
ISSUING BANK, AT THE REQUEST OF THE BENEFICIARY, BUT IN EACH INSTANCE ONLY TO A SINGLE BENEFICIARY
AS TRANSFEREE AND ONLY UP TO THE THEN AVAILABLE AMOUNT IN FAVOR OF ANY NOMINATED TRANSFEREE THAT IS
THE SUCCESSOR IN INTEREST TO BENEFICIARY TRANSFEREE ), ASSUMING SUCH TRANSFER TO SUCH TRANSFEREE
WOULD BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THEN APPLICABLE LAW AND REGULATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
REGULATIONS OF THE U. S. DEPARTMENT OF TREASURY AND U. S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE. AT THE TIME OF
TRANSFER, THE ORIGINAL LETTER OF CREDIT AND ORIGINAL AMENDMENT(S), IF ANY, MUST BE SURRENDERED TO
US AT OUR ADDRESS INDICATED IN THIS LETTER OF CREDIT TOGETHER WITH OUR LETTER OF TRANSFER
DOCUMENTATION AS PER ATTACHED EXHIBIT B DULY EXECUTED AND ACCOMPANIED BY THE ORIGINAL LETTER OF
CREDIT AND ALL AMENDMENT(S), IF ANY. APPLICANT SHALL PAY OUR TRANSFER FEE OF 1 / 4 OF 1 OF THE
TRANSFER AMOUNT (MINIMUM US 250.00) UNDER THIS LETTER OF CREDIT. ANY REQUEST FOR TRANSFER WILL BE
EFFECTED BY US SUBJECT TO THE ABOVE CONDITIONS. HOWEVER, ANY REQUEST FOR TRANSFER IS NOT
CONTINGENT UPON APPLICANT S ABILITY TO PAY OUR TRANSFER FEE.

DRAFT(S) AND DOCUMENTS MUST INDICATE THE NUMBER AND DATE OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT.

DOCUMENTS MUST BE DELIVERED TO US DURING REGULAR BUSINESS HOURS ON A BUSINESS DAY OR FORWARDED
TO US BY OVERNIGHT DELIVERY SERVICE TO: SILICON VALLEY BANK, 3003 TASMAN DRIVE, 2 ND 
FLOOR, MAIL SORT HF210, SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA 95054, ATTENTION: INTERNATIONAL DIVISION 
STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT NEGOTIATION DEPARTMENT (THE BANK S OFFICE).

AS USED HEREIN, THE TERM BUSINESS DAY MEANS A DAY ON WHICH WE ARE OPEN AT OUR ABOVE ADDRESS IN
SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA TO CONDUCT OUR LETTER OF CREDIT BUSINESS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION TO
THE CONTRARY IN THE UCP (AS HEREINAFTER DEFINED), IF THE EXPIRATION DATE OR THE FINAL EXPIRATION
DATE IS NOT A BUSINESS DAY THEN SUCH DATE SHALL BE AUTOMATICALLY EXTENDED TO THE NEXT SUCCEEDING
DATE WHICH IS A BUSINESS DAY.

WE HEREBY ENGAGE WITH YOU THAT DRAFT(S) DRAWN AND/OR DOCUMENTS PRESENTED UNDER AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT SHALL BE DULY HONORED UPON
PRESENTATION TO SILICON VALLEY BANK, IF PRESENTED ON OR BEFORE THE EXPIRATION DATE OF THIS LETTER
OF CREDIT OR SUCH LATER DATE TO WHICH IT HAS BEEN EXTENDED.

G-4 

THE OBLIGATION OF THE BANK UNDER THIS LETTER OF CREDIT SHALL BE THE INDIVIDUAL OBLIGATION OF THE
BANK AND IS IN NO WAY CONTINGENT UPON REIMBURSEMENT WITH RESPECT HERETO AND NOT DEPENDENT ON THE
ABILITY OF BANK TO PERFECT A LIEN, SECURITY INTEREST, OR ANY OTHER REIMBURSEMENT.

IF ANY INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING A DRAWING UNDER THIS LETTER OF CREDIT REQUEST THAT PAYMENT IS TO
BE MADE BY TRANSFER TO YOUR ACCOUNT WITH ANOTHER BANK, WE WILL ONLY EFFECT SUCH PAYMENT BY FED WIRE
TO A U.S. REGULATED BANK, AND WE AND/OR SUCH OTHER BANK MAY RELY ON AN ACCOUNT NUMBER SPECIFIED IN
SUCH INSTRUCTIONS EVEN IF THE NUMBER IDENTIFIES A PERSON OR ENTITY DIFFERENT FROM THE INTENDED
PAYEE.

THIS LETTER OF CREDIT IS SUBJECT TO THE UNIFORM CUSTOMS AND PRACTICE FOR DOCUMENTARY CREDITS
(2007 REVISION), INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, PUBLICATION NO. 600, (THE UCP ).

SILICON VALLEY BANK, 

(FOR BANK USE ONLY) 

(FOR BANK USE ONLY) 

G-5 

EXHIBIT A 

SIGHT DRAFT/BILL OF EXCHANGE

DATE: 

REF. NO. 

A T SIGHT OF THIS BILL OF EXCHANGE

P AY TO THE ORDER OF 
 
US 

U.S.
DOLLARS 

DRAWN UNDER SILICON VALLEY BANK , SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA, IRREVOCABLE STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT
NUMBER NO. SVBSF DATED , 20 

T O:

SILICON VALLEY BANK 

3003 TASMAN DRIVE 
SANTA CLARA, CA 95054

INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY 

Authorized Signature 

GUIDELINES TO PREPARE THE SIGHT DRAFT OR BILL OF EXCHANGE: 

1. 
 
 DATE INSERT ISSUANCE DATE OF DRAFT OR BILL OF EXCHANGE. 

2. 
 
 REF. NO. INSERT YOUR REFERENCE NUMBER IF ANY. 

3. 
 
 PAY TO THE ORDER OF: INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY 

4. 
 
 US INSERT AMOUNT OF DRAWING IN NUMERALS/FIGURES. 

5. 
 
 U.S. DOLLARS INSERT AMOUNT OF DRAWING IN WORDS. 

6. 
 
 LETTER OF CREDIT NUMBER INSERT THE LAST DIGITS OF OUR STANDBY L/C NUMBER THAT
PERTAINS TO THE DRAWING. 

7. 
 
 DATED INSERT THE ISSUANCE DATE OF OUR STANDBY L/C. 

NOTE: BENEFICIARY SHOULD ENDORSE THE BACK OF THE SIGHT DRAFT
OR BILL OF EXCHANGE AS YOU WOULD A CHECK. 

IF YOU NEED FURTHER ASSISTANCE IN COMPLETING THIS SIGHT DRAFT OR BILL OF EXCHANGE, PLEASE CALL OUR
L/C PAYMENT SECTION AND ASK FOR: EFRAIN TUVILLA AT (408) 654-6349 OR ALICE DALUZ AT (408) 654-7120
 .

G-6 

EXHIBIT B 

DATE:

TO:

SILICON VALLEY BANK

3003 TASMAN DRIVE

RE:

IRREVOCABLE STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT 

SANTA CLARA, CA 95054

NO. ISSUED BY 

ATTN: INTERNATIONAL DIVISION.

SILICON VALLEY BANK, SANTA CLARA 

STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT

L/C AMOUNT: 

GENTLEMEN:

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, THE UNDERSIGNED BENEFICIARY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY TRANSFERS TO:

(NAME OF TRANSFEREE) 
(ADDRESS)

ALL RIGHTS OF THE UNDERSIGNED BENEFICIARY TO DRAW UNDER THE ABOVE LETTER OF CREDIT UP TO ITS
AVAILABLE AMOUNT AS SHOWN ABOVE AS OF THE DATE OF THIS TRANSFER.

BY THIS TRANSFER, ALL RIGHTS OF THE UNDERSIGNED BENEFICIARY IN SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT ARE
TRANSFERRED TO THE TRANSFEREE. TRANSFEREE SHALL HAVE THE SOLE RIGHTS AS BENEFICIARY THEREOF,
INCLUDING SOLE RIGHTS RELATING TO ANY AMENDMENTS, WHETHER INCREASES OR EXTENSIONS OR OTHER
AMENDMENTS, AND WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER MADE. ALL AMENDMENTS ARE TO BE ADVISED DIRECT TO
THE TRANSFEREE WITHOUT NECESSITY OF ANY CONSENT OF OR NOTICE TO THE UNDERSIGNED BENEFICIARY.

THE ORIGINAL OF SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT IS RETURNED HEREWITH, AND WE ASK YOU TO ENDORSE THE TRANSFER
ON THE REVERSE THEREOF, AND FORWARD IT DIRECTLY TO THE TRANSFEREE WITH YOUR CUSTOMARY NOTICE OF
TRANSFER.

SINCERELY,

(BENEFICIARY S NAME)

(SIGNATURE OF BENEFICIARY)

(NAME AND TITLE)

SIGNATURE AUTHENTICATED

The name(s), title(s), and signature(s) conform to that/those on file with us for the company and
the signature(s) is/are authorized to execute this instrument.

We further confirm that the company has been identified applying the appropriate due diligence and
enhanced due diligence as required by BSA and all its subsequent amendments.

(Name of Bank)

(Address of Bank)

(City, State, ZIP Code)

(Authorized Name and Title)

(Authorized Signature)

(Telephone number)

G-7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

1 

1.1 
 
 Building and Common Areas 

1 

1.2 
 
 Premises 

1 

1.3 
 
 Rentable Area of the Premises 

1 

1.4 
 
 Lease Term 

2 

1.5 
 
 Commencement Dates 

2 

1.6 
 
 Expiration Date 

2 

1.7 
 
 Base Rent 

2 

1.8 
 
 Tenant s Percentage Share 

3 

1.9 
 
 Base Year 

3 

1.10 
 
 Security Deposit 

3 

1.11 
 
 Tenant s Permitted Use 

4 

1.12 
 
 Business Hours 

4 

1.13 
 
 Landlord s Address For Notices 

4 

1.14 
 
 Tenant s Address For Notices 

4 

1.15 
 
 Broker(s) 

4 

1.16 
 
 Parking Spaces 

4 

1.17 
 
 Allowance 

5 

1.18 
 
 Additional Allowance 

5 

ARTICLE II PREMISES 

5 

2.1 
 
 Lease of Premises 

5 

2.2 
 
 Acceptance of 3rd Floor South 

5 

2.3 
 
 Acceptance of 3rd Floor North 

7 

ARTICLE III TERM; OPTION TO RENEW; RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER 

8 

3.1 
 
 Term 

8 

3.2 
 
 Option to Extend 

8 

3.3 
 
 Right of First Offer 

10 

ARTICLE IV RENTAL 

11 

4.1 
 
 Definitions 

11 

4.2 
 
 Base Rent 

14 

4.3 
 
 Adjustment Procedure; Estimates 

14 

4.4 
 
 Review of Landlord s Statement 

15 

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont.)

Page 

4.5 
 
 Payment 

16 

4.6 
 
 Late Charge; Interest 

16 

4.7 
 
 Additional Rent 

16 

ARTICLE V SECURITY DEPOSIT 

17 

ARTICLE VI USE OF PREMISES 

18 

6.1 
 
 Tenant s Permitted Use 

18 

6.2 
 
 Compliance With Laws and Other Requirements 

18 

6.3 
 
 Hazardous Materials 

19 

ARTICLE VII UTILITIES; SERVICES AND SIGNAGE 

21 

7.1 
 
 Building Services 

21 

7.2 
 
 Interruption of Services 

22 

7.3 
 
 Signage 

23 

ARTICLE VIII MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS 

24 

8.1 
 
 Landlord s Obligations 

24 

8.2 
 
 Tenant s Obligations 

25 

8.3 
 
 Landlord s Rights 

25 

ARTICLE IX ALTERATIONS, ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS 

25 

9.1 
 
 Landlord s Consent; Conditions 

25 

9.2 
 
 Performance of Alterations Work 

26 

9.3 
 
 Liens 

26 

9.4 
 
 Lease Termination 

27 

ARTICLE X INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 

27 

10.1 
 
 Indemnification 

27 

10.2 
 
 Property Insurance 

28 

10.3 
 
 Landlord s Insurance 

29 

10.4 
 
 Liability Insurance 

29 

10.5 
 
 Workers Compensation Insurance 

29 

10.6 
 
 Policy Requirements 

30 

10.7 
 
 Waiver of Subrogation 

30 

10.8 
 
 Failure to Insure 

31 

10.9 
 
 Exemption of Landlord from Liability 

31 

-ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont.)

Page 

ARTICLE XI DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION 

32 

11.1 
 
 Total Destruction 

32 

11.2 
 
 Partial Destruction of Premises 

32 

11.3 
 
 Exceptions to Landlord s Obligations 

32 

11.4 
 
 Waiver 

33 

ARTICLE XII CONDEMNATION 

33 

12.1 
 
 Taking 

33 

12.2 
 
 Award 

33 

12.3 
 
 Temporary Taking 

33 

ARTICLE XIII OMITTED 

33 

ARTICLE XIV ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING 

33 

14.1 
 
 Restriction 

33 

14.2 
 
 Notice to Landlord 

34 

14.3 
 
 Landlord s Recapture Rights 

35 

14.4 
 
 Landlord s Consent; Standards 

35 

14.5 
 
 Additional Rent 

35 

14.6 
 
 Landlord s Costs 

36 

14.7 
 
 Continuing Liability of Tenant 

36 

14.8 
 
 Non-Waiver 

36 

ARTICLE XV DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

36 

15.1 
 
 Events of Default By Tenant 

36 

15.2 
 
 Remedies 

37 

15.3 
 
 Landlord s Right To Continue Lease Upon Tenant Default 

38 

15.4 
 
 Right of Landlord to Perform 

38 

15.5 
 
 Non-Waiver 

38 

15.6 
 
 Cumulative Remedies 

39 

15.7 
 
 Default by Landlord 

39 

ARTICLE XVI ATTORNEYS FEES; COSTS OF SUIT 

39 

16.1 
 
 Attorneys Fees 

39 

16.2 
 
 Indemnification 

40 

ARTICLE XVII SUBORDINATION AND ATTORNMENT 

40 

17.1 
 
 Subordination 

40 

-iii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont.)

Page 

17.2 
 
 Attornment 

41 

17.3 
 
 Mortgagee Protection 

41 

ARTICLE XVIII QUIET ENJOYMENT 

41 

ARTICLE XIX RULES AND REGULATIONS 

42 

ARTICLE XX ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES 

42 

ARTICLE XXI ENTRY BY LANDLORD 

43 

ARTICLE XXII 
LANDLORD S LEASE UNDERTAKINGS EXCULPATION FROM PERSONAL
LIABILITY; TRANSFER OF LANDLORD S INTEREST

43 

22.1 
 
 Landlord s Lease Undertakings 

43 

22.2 
 
 Transfer of Landlord s Interest 

43 

ARTICLE XXIII HOLDOVER TENANCY 

44 

ARTICLE XXIV NOTICES 

44 

ARTICLE XXV BROKERS 

45 

ARTICLE XXVI COMMUNICATIONS AND COMPUTER LINES 

45 

26.1 
 
 Generally 

45 

26.2 
 
 Interruption 

45 

26.3 
 
 Removal 

45 

26.4 
 
 Abandonment 

46 

26.5 
 
 New Providers 

46 

ARTICLE XXVII MISCELLANEOUS 

47 

27.1 
 
 Entire Agreement 

47 

27.2 
 
 Amendments 

47 

27.3 
 
 Successors 

47 

27.4 
 
 Force Majeure 

47 

27.5 
 
 Survival of Obligations 

47 

27.6 
 
 Light and Air 

47 

27.7 
 
 Governing Law 

47 

27.8 
 
 Severability 

47 

27.9 
 
 Captions 

48 

27.10 
 
 Interpretation 

48 

27.11 
 
 Independent Covenants 

48 

-iv- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont.)

Page 

27.12 
 
 Number and Gender 

48 

27.13 
 
 Time is of the Essence 

48 

27.14 
 
 Joint and Several Liability 

48 

27.15 
 
 Exhibits 

48 

27.16 
 
 Offer to Lease 

48 

27.17 
 
 Choice of Laws; Waiver of Jury Trial 

48 

27.18 
 
 Electrical Service to the Premises 

49 

27.19 
 
 Rights Reserved by Landlord 

49 

27.20 
 
 No Recordation 

49 

27.21 
 
 No Merger 

49 

27.22 
 
 Tax Credits 

50 

27.23 
 
 Financial Reports 

50 

27.24 
 
 Presumption 

50 

27.25 
 
 Confidentiality 

50 

27.26 
 
 Parking 

50 

27.27 
 
 Signing Authority 

51 

EXHIBIT A FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES

A-1 

EXHIBIT B WORK LETTER AGREEMENT

B-1 

EXHIBIT C RULES

C-1 

EXHIBIT D FORM OF COMMENCEMENT DATE CERTIFICATE

D-1 

EXHIBIT E FORM OF SNDA

E-1 

EXHIBIT F SIGNAGE CRITERIA

EXHIBIT G FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT

-v- 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.26>
 12
 v37326exv10w26.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.26

exv10w26 

Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.

Exhibit 10.26 

CONFIDENTIAL SUBJECT TO FRE 408 

SETTLEMENT AND PATENT CROSS-LICENSE AGREEMENT 

THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made as of this 17th day of August, 2007 (the Effective
Date by and between NetRatings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at 770 Broadway, New
York, NY 10003 NetRatings ), on the one hand, and Visual Sciences, Inc., formerly known as
WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at 10182 Telesis Court, San Diego, CA
92121 VSI/WSS ), on the other hand (NetRatings and VSI/WSS collectively, the Parties ).

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS , NetRatings and VSI/WSS are presently engaged in two civil actions, one of which being
captioned NetRatings, Inc. v. WebSideStory, Inc ., Civil Action No. 06-cv-878 (LTS) (AJP) (S.D.N.Y.)
(hereinafter, the New York Action and the other of which being captioned WebSideStory, Inc., v.
NetRatings, Inc ., Civil Action No. 06-cv-0408 (WQH) (AJB) (S.D. Ca.) (hereinafter, the California
Action , and collectively with the New York Action, the Current Actions 

WHEREAS , NetRatings and Visual Sciences Technologies, LLC, formerly known as and successor in
interest to, Visual Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with offices at 13450
Sunrise Valley Road, Herndon, VA 20171 VSTLLC were engaged in litigation in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, captioned NetRatings, Inc . v . Visual Sciences,
LLC , Civil Action No. 2:05-CV-349 (the Virginia Action 

WHEREAS , NetRatings and Visual Sciences, LLC entered into a Settlement and Patent License
Agreement, dated October 25, 2005 and annexed hereto as Attachment 1 (the Virginia Action
Agreement ), pursuant to which the Virginia Action was dismissed and NetRatings granted to Visual
Sciences, LLC a license to certain NetRatings patents, as further described in the Virginia Action
Agreement;

WHEREAS , on February 1, 2006, VSI/WSS, acquired VSTLLC, through a merger of Visual Sciences,
LLC into VS Acquisition, LLC, as a result of which the Virginia Action Agreement was assigned to VS
Acquisition, LLC by operation of law;

WHEREAS , VS Acquisition, LLC subsequently changed its name to Visual Sciences, LLC, and
thereafter in May 2007 to Visual Sciences Technologies, LLC and all references herein to VSTLLC
include its predecessor entities Visual Sciences, LLC and VS Acquisition, LLC;

WHEREAS , since February 2006 and now, VSTLLC has been and continues to operate as a wholly
owned subsidiary of VSI/WSS;

WHEREAS , on May 9, 2007, VSI/WSS amended its Certificate of Incorporation to change its
corporate name from WebSideStory, Inc. to Visual Sciences, Inc. 

WHEREAS , NetRatings and VSI/WSS wish to resolve and settle the Current Actions and all
disputes that are the subject matter of the Current Actions;

WHEREAS , NetRatings is the sole and exclusive owner or joint owner of certain patents and
patent applications, as further identified herein;

WHEREAS , VSI/WSS is the sole and exclusive owner of certain patents and patent applications,
as further identified herein; and

WHEREAS , as part of the settlement of the Current Actions, NetRatings and VSI/WSS wish to
grant to one another cross-licenses to certain of their respective patents, as further identified
herein, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises, agreements and covenants herein
contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged and agreed, the Parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS 

The capitalized terms in this Agreement which are not defined in the text of the Agreement
shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1 . In addition, the existence or scope
of any defined term in this Agreement shall not constitute or be deemed to be the belief on the
part of NetRatings that the NetRatings Patents or any claims therein are in any way limited in
scope or to application or enforcement in any particular field(s) of use.

1.1 Affiliate shall mean, with respect to a person or entity, any other person or entity
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is
under common control with such person or entity. For purposes of this definition, control, 
as used with respect to any person or entity, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person or entity,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. The terms
 controlled by and under common control with shall have correlative meanings.

1.2 Licensed NetRatings Products shall mean any products, technology or services (whether in
whole or in part, or any portion thereof, and whether pursuant to sale, license, subscription
service or otherwise) that are manufactured, made or developed by or for NetRatings from time to
time, or that are used, licensed, marketed, offered for sale, distributed, exported, imported or
sold by NetRatings from time to time, directly or indirectly. Licensed NetRatings Products
commercially released as of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule B hereto. Except to
the extent permitted by Section 15.3 , Licensed NetRatings Products shall not include any
product, technology or service developed by and for an entity other than NetRatings and which are
sold by third parties.

1.3 Licensed VSI/WSS Products shall mean any products, technology or services (whether in
whole or in part, or any portion thereof, and whether pursuant to sale, license, subscription
service or otherwise) that are manufactured, made or developed by or for VSI/WSS from time to time,
or that are used, licensed, marketed, offered for sale, distributed, exported, imported or sold by
VSI/WSS from time to time, directly or indirectly, including, without

2 

limitation, Merged VSI/WSS Products (as defined in Section 5.3(ii) of this Agreement).
Licensed VSI/WSS Products commercially released as of the Effective Date are listed on
 Schedule A hereto. Except to the extent permitted by Section 15.1 or Section 16.1 
and except for Merged VSI/WSS Products, Licensed VSI/WSS Products shall not include any product,
technology or service developed by and for an entity other than VSI/WSS and which are sold by third
parties, including, without limitation, any product, technology or service developed solely by and
for VSTLLC.

1.4 NetRatings Additional Patents shall mean all United States and foreign issued patents
and United States and foreign pending patent applications, other than the NetRatings Patents, owned
or controlled by NetRatings as of the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, NetRatings
Additional Patents shall not include any United States and foreign issued patents and United States
and foreign pending patent applications owned or controlled by Nielsen Media Research, Inc., or
other subsidiaries of The Nielsen Company other than NetRatings. NetRatings will provide VSI/WSS,
within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, a schedule of the NetRatings Additional Patents. In
addition, the NetRatings Additional Patents shall include any foreign counterparts, and United
States or foreign patents issuing as a divisional, continuation, continuation-in-part, reissue,
reexamination, renewal or extension, of any of the foregoing patents and patent applications (other
than the NetRatings Patents), as well as any and all other present or future United States or
foreign patents or patent applications that claim priority to any of the above.

1.5 NetRatings Change of Control Event shall mean the closing of a sale or transfer to or
acquisition by a person or entity other than an entity that is a Designated Affiliate of
NetRatings (both at the time of the sale, transfer or acquisition and immediately following the
last transaction to occur in a series of related transactions) (such person or entity, a
 NetRatings Purchaser ), whether by merger, asset purchase, consolidation, reorganization, or other
similar transaction or series of related transactions, of (i) all or substantially all of the
assets of NetRatings; (ii) fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of NetRatings
then outstanding securities; or (iii) all or substantially all of the Web Analytics assets of
NetRatings. For purposes of this Section 1.5 , a Designated Affiliate means an Affiliate
of NetRatings that is at least 85 owned, directly or indirectly, by NetRatings, or that owns at
least 85 , directly or indirectly, of NetRatings, or of which the same ultimate parent entity owns,
directly or indirectly, at least 85 of each of NetRatings and such Affiliate.

1.6 NetRatings Customer shall mean any person or entity who, with express authorization from
NetRatings or a NetRatings Provider, purchases, leases, licenses, subscribes to or uses any
Licensed NetRatings Product only for such person s or entity s own use internally or in monitoring,
tracking, or analyzing the use or access of computer resources delivered by such person or entity
over a network, and not for the purpose of providing the Licensed NetRatings Product or any service
depending thereon to a third party.

1.7 NetRatings Patents shall mean U.S. Patent Nos. 5,675,510; 6,115,680; 6,108,637;
5,796,952; 6,138,155; 6,643,696 and 6,763,386 and any foreign counterparts, and United States or
foreign patents issuing as a divisional, continuation, continuation-in-part, reissue,
reexamination, renewal or extension of any of the foregoing patents and patent

3 

applications, as well as any and all other present or future United States or foreign patents
or patent applications that claim priority to any of the above.

1.8 NetRatings Provider shall mean any person or entity who, with express authorization from
and on behalf of NetRatings (including without limitation OEMs, resellers, distributors and
marketing service providers (MSPs)), manufactures or develops any Licensed NetRatings Product for
NetRatings, uses any Licensed NetRatings Product to provide services on behalf of NetRatings to
NetRatings Customers, or offers for sale, sells, imports, exports, resells, licenses, combines or
distributes to NetRatings Customers any Licensed NetRatings Product whether on a standalone basis
or in combination with its own products or services, including, but not limited to, for the purpose
of providing the Licensed NetRatings Product or any service depending thereon to a third party.
 NetRatings Provider shall also include any person or entity in another NetRatings Provider s
channels of distribution with respect to a Licensed NetRatings Product, provided that said person
or entity has express authorization from, and is acting on behalf of, NetRatings to participate in
said channels of distribution.

1.9 Revenue shall mean the gross consolidated revenues of a person or entity from the
manufacture, development, design, sale, offer for sale, resale, import, export, integration,
hosting, leasing, licensing or distribution of products, technology and/or services, less ,
sales, VAT, excise, or similar taxes, returns, refunds, discounts, and allowances actually shown on
an applicable invoice. Except as noted in the preceding sentence, no costs shall be deducted from
Revenue. Revenue of a person or entity shall be deemed to have occurred when such revenue is
recognized by such person or entity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied by such person or entity from time to time.

1.10 Term shall mean the period commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing to and
including the date on which the last remaining NetRatings Patent or VSI/WSS Patent expires,
whichever is later, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 10 .

1.11 VSI/WSS Additional Patents shall mean all United States and foreign issued patents and
United States and foreign pending patent applications, other than the VSI/WSS Patents, owned or
controlled by VSI/WSS as of the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, VSI/WSS Additional
Patents shall not include any United States and foreign issued patents and United States and
foreign pending patent applications owned or controlled by VSTLLC. VSI/WSS will provide
NetRatings, within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, a schedule of the VSI/WSS Additional
Patents. In addition, the VSI/WSS Additional Patents shall include any foreign counterparts, and
United States or foreign patents issuing as a divisional, continuation, continuation-in-part,
reissue, reexamination, renewal or extension, of any of the foregoing patents and patent
applications (other than the VSI/WSS Patents), as well as any and all other present or future
United States or foreign patents or patent applications that claim priority to any of the above.

1.12 VSI/WSS Change of Control Event shall mean the closing of a sale or transfer to or
acquisition by a person or entity, other than an entity that is a Designated Affiliate of VSI/WSS
(both at the time of the sale, transfer or acquisition and immediately following the last
transaction to occur in a series of related transactions) (such person or entity, a VSI/WSS
Purchaser ), whether by merger, asset purchase, consolidation, reorganization, or other similar

4 

transaction or series of related transactions, of (i) all or substantially all of the assets
of VSI/WSS; (ii) fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of VSI/WSS s then
outstanding securities; or (iii) all or substantially all of the Web Analytics assets of VSI/WSS.
For purposes of this Section 1.12 , a Designated Affiliate means an Affiliate of VSI/WSS
that is at least 85 owned, directly or indirectly, by VSI/WSS, or that owns at least 85 , directly
or indirectly, of VSI/WSS, or of which the same ultimate parent entity owns, directly or
indirectly, at least 85 of each of VSI/WSS and such Affiliate.

1.13 VSI/WSS Customer shall mean any person or entity who, with express authorization from
VSI/WSS or a VSI/WSS Provider, purchases, leases, licenses, subscribes to or uses any Licensed
VSI/WSS Product only for such person s or entity s own use internally or in monitoring or tracking
the use or access of computer resources delivered by such person or entity over a network, and not
for the purpose of providing the Licensed VSI/WSS Product or any service depending thereon to a
third party.

1.14 VSI/WSS Patents shall mean U.S. Patent Nos. 6,393,479 and 6,766,370 and any foreign
counterparts, and United States or foreign patents issuing as a divisional, continuation,
continuation-in-part, reissue, reexamination, renewal or extension of the foregoing patents and
patent applications, as well as any and all other present or future United States or foreign
patents or patent applications that claim priority to the above.

1.15 VSI/WSS Provider shall mean any person or entity who, with express authorization from
and on behalf of VSI/WSS (including without limitation OEMs, resellers, distributors and marketing
service providers (MSPs)), manufactures or develops any Licensed VSI/WSS Product for VSI/WSS, uses
any Licensed VSI/WSS Product to provide services on behalf of VSI/WSS to VSI/WSS Customers, or
offers for sale, sells, imports, exports, resells, licenses, combines or distributes to VSI/WSS
Customers any Licensed VSI/WSS Product whether on a standalone basis or in combination with its own
products or services, including, but not limited to, for the purpose of providing the Licensed
VSI/WSS Product or any service depending thereon to a third party. VSI/WSS Provider shall also
include any person or entity in another VSI/WSS Provider s channels of distribution with respect to
a Licensed VSI/WSS Product, provided that said person or entity has express authorization from, and
is acting on behalf of, VSI/WSS to participate in said channels of distribution.

1.16 Web Analytics shall mean .

2. PATENT CROSS-LICENSE 

2.1 Grant of License to VSI/WSS . Subject to Section 2.3 , NetRatings hereby
grants to VSI/WSS, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a limited, irrevocable
(except as provided in Section 10 ), non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in
 Section 15 ), royalty-bearing, world-wide license under the NetRatings Patents during the
Term to make (including the right to practice methods, processes and procedures), have made, use,

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

5 

license, lease, sell, offer for sale, market, distribute, export and import the Licensed
VSI/WSS Products (the VSI/WSS License ).

2.2 Grant of License to NetRatings . VSI/WSS hereby grants to NetRatings, subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a limited, irrevocable (except as provided in
 Section 10) , non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in Section 15.3) ,
world-wide license under the VSI/WSS Patents during the Term to make (including the right to
practice methods, processes and procedures), have made, use, license, lease, sell, offer for sale,
market, distribute, export and import the Licensed NetRatings Products (the NetRatings License ).

2.3 Exclusions to VSI/WSS License . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, VSI/WSS expressly acknowledges and agrees that the VSI/WSS License granted under this
Agreement does not permit VSI/WSS (or therefore any VSI/WSS Customers or VSI/WSS Providers) the
right to:

(i) or

(ii)
 or

(iii)
 .

2.4 Reservation of Rights. 

(i) Any and all rights not expressly granted to VSI/WSS in this Agreement with respect to the
NetRatings Patents, including, without limitation, the rights reserved under Section 2.3 to
practice the NetRatings Patents and the right to enforce the NetRatings Patents against third
parties and collect royalties and/or damages in connection therewith, are hereby reserved and
retained exclusively by NetRatings.

(ii) Any and all rights not expressly granted to NetRatings in this Agreement with respect to
the VSI/WSS Patents, including, without limitation, the right to enforce the VSI/WSS Patents
against third parties and collect royalties and/or damages in connection therewith, are hereby
reserved and retained exclusively by VSI/WSS.

2.5 Sublicense Rights 

(i) Sublicense Rights of VSI/WSS . As part of its rights under the VSI/WSS License,
and only to the extent of such rights, VSI/WSS may grant to (1) VSI/WSS Customers a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, written sublicense under the VSI/WSS License solely for the
purpose of allowing such entities to purchase or use the Licensed VSI/WSS Products and (2) VSI/WSS
Providers a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, written sublicense under the VSI/WSS License
solely for the purpose of allowing such entities to manufacture or develop any Licensed VSI/WSS
Product for VSI/WSS, or offer for sale, sell, import, export, resell, license,

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

6 

combine or distribute to VSI/WSS Customers any Licensed VSI/WSS Product whether on a
standalone basis or in combination with its own products or services, including but not limited to,
for the purpose of providing the Licensed VSI/WSS Product or any service depending thereon to a
third party. Such sublicenses shall in no event apply to products, services or technology of a
VSI/WSS Customer or VSI/WSS Provider which, without the Licensed VSI/WSS Product, infringes any
independent claim of any NetRatings Patents. Other than as expressly provided by this Section
2.5(i) , no other sublicenses of any kind may be granted by VSI/WSS under this Agreement, and
any such sublicenses shall be null and void. Any sublicenses granted under this Section
2.5(i) are only valid and in effect when and if the VSI/WSS License is valid and in effect.

(ii) Sublicense Rights of NetRatings . As part of its rights under the NetRatings
License, and only to the extent of such rights, NetRatings may grant to (1) NetRatings Customers a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, written sublicense under the NetRatings License solely
for the purpose of allowing such entities to purchase or use the Licensed NetRatings Products and
(2) NetRatings Providers a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, written sublicense under the
NetRatings License solely for the purpose of allowing such entities to manufacture or develop any
Licensed NetRatings Product for NetRatings, or offer for sale, sell, import, export, resell,
license, combine or distribute to NetRatings Customers any Licensed NetRatings Product whether on a
standalone basis or in combination with its own products or services, including but not limited to,
for the purpose of providing the Licensed NetRatings Product or any service depending thereon to a
third party. Such sublicenses shall in no event apply to products, services or technology of a
NetRatings Customer or NetRatings Provider which, which without the Licensed NetRatings Product,
infringes any independent claim of any VSI/WSS Patents. Other than as expressly provided by this
 Section 2.5(ii) , no other sublicenses of any kind may be granted by NetRatings under this
Agreement, and any such sublicenses shall be null and void. Any sublicenses granted under this
 Section 2.5(ii) are only valid and in effect when and if the NetRatings License is valid
and in effect.

2.6 Markings and Samples . VSI/WSS and NetRatings shall each fully comply with the
patent marking provisions of the United States or other applicable patent laws. In furtherance of
the foregoing, VSI/WSS and NetRatings will clearly label their respective Licensed VSI/WSS Products
and Licensed NetRatings Products with, in the case of Licensed VSI/WSS Products, identifying
numbers of any issued NetRatings Patents, specifying that the Licensed VSI/WSS Products are
licensed under such NetRatings Patents, and in the case of Licensed NetRatings Products,
identifying numbers of any issued VSI/WSS Patents, specifying that the Licensed NetRatings Products
are licensed under such VSI/WSS Patents. As may be requested from time to time, but in no event
more than once each calendar year of the Term, VSI/WSS and NetRatings shall submit to each other
five (5) samples of each of their respective Licensed VSI/WSS Products and Licensed NetRatings
Products, or such other evidence, including screen captures, as will be reasonably sufficient to
show that the marking requirements of this Section 2.6 are being fulfilled. The marking of
any Licensed VSI/WSS Product or Licensed NetRatings Product pursuant to this Agreement shall not be
deemed to constitute an admission by VSI/WSS or NetRatings that their respective Licensed VSI/WSS
Products and Licensed NetRatings Products are covered by either the NetRatings Patents or the
VSI/WSS Patents, as the case may be.

7 

3. PAYMENT OF ROYALTIES 

3.1 Royalty Fees for VSI/WSS License .

(i) Initial Royalty . As partial consideration for the settlement of the New York and
California Actions and the VSI/WSS License granted under this Agreement, and regardless of whether
any additional payments are paid under Section 3.1 of this Agreement, VSI/WSS shall pay
nine-million U.S. dollars 9,000,000) to NetRatings (the Initial Royalty as follows:
(1) within five (5) business days from the date on which VSI/WSS executes this Agreement and
receives a copy of this Agreement that has been fully executed by a duly authorized representative
of NetRatings, VSI/WSS shall pay two-million U.S. dollars 2,000,000) to NetRatings; and
(2) commencing on March 31, 2008, and continuing thereafter on the last day of each calendar
quarter through and including June 30, 2011, VSI/WSS shall pay five-hundred thousand U.S. dollars 500,000) to NetRatings, for a total of seven-million U.S. dollars 7,000,000) in quarterly
payments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a VSI/WSS Change of Control Event the
final four quarterly payments provided for under Section 3.1(i)(2) , totaling two-million
U.S. dollars 2,000,000), will be accelerated and will become immediately due and payable by
VSI/WSS to NetRatings as of the effective date of the VSI/WSS Change of Control Event (the
 Accelerated Initial Royalty ). VSI/WSS shall pay the Accelerated Initial Royalty within fifteen
(15) business days of the VSI/WSS Change of Control Event and shall continue making the quarterly
payments provided under Section 3.1(i)(2) until a total of seven-million U.S. dollars 7,000,000) in such quarterly payments (including the Accelerated Initial Royalty) has been paid
by VSI/WSS to NetRatings.

(ii) Additional Royalty . As further consideration for the VSI/WSS License granted
under this Agreement, and in addition to the other payments required pursuant to Section
3.1 of this Agreement, VSI/WSS will pay to NetRatings an additional royalty, in the aggregate
amount of two-million two-hundred fifty-thousand U.S. dollars 2,250,000) (the Additional
Royalty ), which Additional Royalty shall be required to be paid within fifteen (15) business days
of the occurrence of a VSI/WSS Change of Control Event, provided that such Additional
Royalty will only be payable in connection with the first VSI/WSS Change of Control Event to occur
following the Effective Date.

(iii) VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties . As further consideration for the VSI/WSS License
granted under this Agreement, and in addition to the other payments required pursuant to
 Section 3.1 of this Agreement, in the event that, during the Term, VSI/WSS (or a wholly
owned subsidiary formed in connection with such acquisition transaction) acquires, whether by
merger, asset purchase, consolidation, reorganization, or other similar transaction or series of
transactions, (a) all or substantially all the technology, customers, or other assets of an entity,
(b) fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of an entity s then outstanding
securities or (c) all or substantially all of the Web Analytics assets of an entity (in any case,
the entity or assets so acquired being referred to herein as the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity and the
transaction by which the entity or assets are so acquired being referred to herein as the VSI/WSS
Acquisition ), then, if VSI/WSS elects to have any of such VSI/WSS Acquired Entity s products,
services or technology considered Licensed VSI/WSS Products pursuant to Section 16.1 of
this Agreement as of and from the date of any such transaction, then within thirty (30) business
days following the closing date of any such transaction VSI/WSS will: (1) if the

8 

acquisition is of a VSI/WSS Acquired Entity listed in Schedule C to this Agreement,
pay NetRatings an additional royalty of 
percent of the Revenues of such VSI/WSS
Acquired Entity generated from Web Analytics products, services and technologies and recognized by
such VSI/WSS Acquired Entity within the four most recently completed calendar quarters preceding
the closing of such acquisition; or (2) if the acquisition is of a VSI/WSS Acquired Entity not
listed in Schedule C , pay an additional royalty of 
 percent of the Revenues of such VSI/WSS
Acquired Entity generated from Web Analytics products, services and technologies and recognized by
such VSI/WSS Acquired Entity within the four most recently completed calendar quarters preceding
the closing of such acquisition (either of the foregoing royalties referred to as a VSI/WSS
Acquisition Royalty ). Upon payment of a VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalty by VSI/WSS (or if no VSI/WSS
Acquisition Royalty need be paid by VSI/WSS as a result of the provisions of Section
3.1(iv) ), NetRatings shall immediately provide a release (consistent with Section 7.1 of VSI/WSS and the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity for all actions, claims, demands, causes of action,
charges, judgments, damages and attorneys fees from the beginning of time up to and including the
date of any such transaction relating to the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity s products, services, or
technology; provided, however , that if the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity is an entity listed on
 Schedule C to this Agreement or is a party to litigation with NetRatings based on a claim
of infringing any NetRatings Patent as of the date of the announcement of a transaction (any such
entity, a Designated Acquired Entity ), then, unless no Acquisition Release Royalty need be paid
by VSI/WSS as a result of the provisions of Section 3.1(iv) , the Acquisition Release
Royalty set forth in Section 3.1(v) would be required to be paid to NetRatings in addition
to the VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalty in order for VSI/WSS and such Designated Acquired Entity to
receive any such release.

(iv) For purposes of Section 3.1(iii) , the Revenues of the products, services, or
technology for any such VSI/WSS Acquired Entity (and any Designated Acquired Entity) shall be
counted as defined in Section 1.9 of this Agreement, but shall be limited to Revenues
generated from Web Analytics products, services or technologies. Notwithstanding the foregoing and
 Section 3.1(v) below, VSI/WSS need not pay the VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties nor the
Acquisition Release Royalties for any transaction (and VSI/WSS and the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity
(including any Designated Acquired Entity) shall be deemed licensed and released pursuant to
 Sections 3.1(iii) and 3.1(v) as though such royalties had been paid), if and only if
(1) VSI/WSS has paid (regardless of the type of consideration) less than for such VSI/WSS
Acquired Entity (including any Designated Acquired Entity) or the assets or securities thereof in a
single transaction or in any series of related transactions, (2) the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity
(including any Designated Acquired Entity) already has a license from NetRatings under the
NetRatings Patents which covers the acquired technology, customers or other assets of the VSI/WSS
Acquired Entity (including any Designed Acquired Entity); provided, however , that any
payments due to NetRatings under a license agreement between NetRatings and the VSI/WSS Acquired
Entity (including any Designated Acquired Entity) will still be due and payable in accordance with
the terms of such license agreement, or (3) VSI/WSS s royalty payment obligations have terminated
prior to the closing date of such transaction pursuant to

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

9 

Section 3.2 . For the avoidance of doubt, an acquisition by VSI/WSS under Section
3.1(iii) cannot also be deemed a VSI/WSS Change of Control Event.

(v) Acquisition Release Royalties for Designated Acquired Entities . In the event
that, during the Term, VSI/WSS acquires, whether by merger, asset purchase, consolidation,
reorganization, or other similar transaction or series of related transactions, (a) all or
substantially all of the technology, customers, or other assets of a Designated Acquired Entity,
(b) fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of a Designated Acquired Entity s then
outstanding securities, or (c) all or substantially all of the Web Analytics products, services or
technology of a Designated Acquired Entity, then, at VSI/WSS s election, in exchange for a release
(consistent with Section 7.1 of VSI/WSS and the Designated Acquired Entity by NetRatings
for all actions, claims, demands, causes of action, charges, judgments, damages and attorneys fees
relating to such Designated Acquired Entity s products, services, or technology from the beginning
of time up to and including the date of any such transaction, within thirty (30) business days
following the closing date of any such transaction, VSI/WSS will pay NetRatings an additional
royalty of of the Revenues of such Designated Acquired Entity recognized by such
Designated Acquired Entity within the four most recently completed calendar quarters preceding the
closing of such acquisition for all Web Analytics products, services, or technology sold, leased,
licensed or otherwise distributed by such Designated Acquired Entity during such period (the
foregoing royalties referred to as an Acquisition Release Royalty ). Upon payment of an
Acquisition Release Royalty by VSI/WSS (or if no Acquisition Release Royalty need be paid by
VSI/WSS as a result of the provisions of Section 3.1(iv) ), NetRatings shall immediately
provide such release to VSI/WSS and such Designated Acquired Entity.

3.2 Termination of VSI/WSS Royalty Obligations . In the event that, and only in the
event that, every claim of every one of the NetRatings Patents is determined to be invalid or
unenforceable by a final, unappealable decision of a court having competent jurisdiction and
authority to issue such a holding or by the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals, whichever is earlier,
then the payment obligations set forth in Section 3.1 shall be terminated as of the date of
such decision, and from that date forward, no further Initial Royalty (including any Accelerated
Initial Royalty), Additional Royalty, VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalty or Acquisition Release Royalty
payments will be due. The termination of the payments pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall
not entitle VSI/WSS to a refund of any payments previously made.

3.3 No Contest . VSI/WSS agrees not to contest the validity or enforceability of any
of the NetRatings Patents or in any way assist any other entity in contesting the validity or
enforceability of any of the NetRatings Patents, except that VSI/WSS may contest or assist in
contesting the validity and enforceability of any NetRatings Patent asserted against VSI/WSS or any
Affiliate of VSI/WSS unless such Affiliate was a party to litigation with NetRatings with respect
to the NetRatings Patents (or any license agreement related thereto) at the time of becoming an
Affiliate of VSI/WSS. VSI/WSS further agrees that the termination of any of the

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

10 

royalty payments pursuant to Section 3.2 above shall not be effective in the event of
a breach of VSI/WSS s agreement not to so contest or assist in contesting the validity or
enforceability of any of the NetRatings Patents. NetRatings agrees not to contest the validity or
enforceability of any of the VSI/WSS Patents or in any way assist any other entity in contesting
the validity or enforceability of any of the VSI/WSS Patents, except that NetRatings may contest or
assist in contesting the validity and enforceability of any VSI/WSS Patent asserted against
NetRatings or any Affiliate of NetRatings unless such Affiliate was a party to litigation with
VSI/WSS with respect to the VSI/WSS Patents (or any license agreement related thereto) at the time
of becoming an Affiliate of NetRatings.

3.4 Method of Payment . Unless otherwise specified in writing by NetRatings, all
payments to be made by VSI/WSS under this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer of funds to the
account of NetRatings as set forth in Exhibit C hereto.

3.5 Interest on Late Payments . Late payments shall incur interest from the date which
is one week following the date such payments were originally due at the prime interest rate, as
reported by the Wall Street Journal, plus one percent (1 per month from the date such payments
were originally due hereunder or the highest rate allowable under applicable law (whichever is
less).

3.6 Royalty Statements . Within thirty (30) business days of any VSI/WSS Acquisition
as to which payment is being made under Section 3.1(iii) of this Agreement, VSI/WSS shall
provide NetRatings with a written statement of the Revenues of the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity
recognized by such VSI/WSS Acquired Entity within the four most recently completed calendar
quarters preceding the closing of the acquisition. Such royalty statements shall be certified as
accurate by a duly authorized officer of VSI/WSS. The receipt or acceptance by NetRatings of any
royalty statement or payment shall not prevent NetRatings from subsequently challenging the
validity or accuracy of such statement or payment.

4. RECORD INSPECTION AND AUDIT 

NetRatings Right To Inspect and Audit . Within ninety (90) days of the effective date
of an acquisition under Section 3.1(iii) , NetRatings shall have the right, upon reasonable
notice to VSI/WSS, up to one (1) time with respect to any acquisition and to be conducted within
three (3) months from the date of receipt of notice regarding such acquisition, to audit VSI/WSS s
books and records relevant to the Revenues of any VSI/WSS Acquired Entity for which VSI/WSS
Acquisition Royalties may be due pursuant to Section 3.1(iii) . Any audit described herein
will be performed by an independent accounting firm that is mutually agreed upon by NetRatings and
VSI/WSS, provided that such accounting firm agrees in writing to maintain the confidentiality of
such books and records. The cost of the independent accounting firm retained to conduct any audit
as described herein shall be borne by NetRatings, unless a deficiency of ten percent (10 or more
is found during the audit, in which case said cost of the independent accounting firm for said
audit shall be borne by VSI/WSS.

11 

5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

5.1 Representations and Warranties of the Parties . Each party represents and warrants
to the other that it has the right and power to enter into this Agreement. NetRatings represents
and warrants that it and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole owner or joint owner of all
right, title, and interest in and to the NetRatings Patents, and that NetRatings has the power to
grant the VSI/WSS License granted herein. VSI/WSS represents and warrants that it and/or its
wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the
VSI/WSS Patents, and that VSI/WSS has the power to grant the NetRatings License granted herein.
Each party acknowledges that the representations and warranties made by the other party herein
constitute a material part of the consideration inducing each party to enter into this Agreement.

5.2 Representations and Warranties of VSI/WSS .

(i) VSI/WSS acknowledges that the Licensed VSI/WSS Products commercially released as of the
Effective Date are as identified in Schedule A attached hereto and that the Licensed
VSI/WSS Products (including those identified in Schedule A are and will be subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and not to the terms and conditions of the Virginia Action
Agreement.

(ii) VSI/WSS acknowledges that any VSI/WSS products, technology or services that are
manufactured, made or developed by or for VSI/WSS after the Effective Date that utilize,
incorporate, or obtain technology from any products, technology or services that are subject to the
Virginia Action Agreement Merged VSI/WSS Products ), are and will be subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and not to the terms and conditions of the Virginia Action Agreement.

5.3 Limitations on Warranties . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as:
(i) representing the scope of any claims of the NetRatings Patents or the VSI/WSS Patents; or
(ii) representing that the sale or use of products or services encompassed by one or more of the
claims set forth in the NetRatings Patents or the VSI/WSS Patents will be free of infringement of
any third party s intellectual property rights.

5.4 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES . EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS
 SECTION 5 , EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

6. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY 

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS RELATED TO EACH PARTY S NON-DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS UNDER
 SECTION 11 , IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES,
HOWEVER CAUSED AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN ALL EVENTS,
EACH PARTY S

12 

TOTAL LIABILITY IN THE AGGREGATE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO VSI/WSS S
ROYALTY OBLIGATIONS AND WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS RELATED TO EACH PARTY S NON-DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS
UNDER SECTION 11 IS LIMITED TO AND SHALL NOT EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS 500,000), PLUS ANY REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND INTEREST WHICH MAY BE DUE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
OR UNDER LAW. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 6 SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO
LIMIT THE LIABILITY OF VSI/WSS RESULTING FROM THE MANUFACTURE, SALE OR USE OF ANY PRODUCTS OR
SERVICES BY VSI/WSS OUTSIDE OF THE SCOPE OF THE VSI/WSS LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER.

7. RELEASES 

7.1 Release of VSI/WSS . NetRatings and its subsidiaries, officers, directors and
employees hereby irrevocably release and discharge VSI/WSS and its subsidiaries, officers,
directors, stockholders and employees from any actions, demands, claims, causes of action, charges,
judgments, damages and attorneys fees, including all claims asserted in the Current Actions, or in
connection with the NetRatings Patents, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, in law
or in equity, arising from or in connection with the manufacture (including practicing methods,
processes and procedures), use, lease, license, sale, offer for sale, marketing, distribution,
exportation or importation of the Licensed VSI/WSS Products from the beginning of time up to and
including the Effective Date of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 7.1 is intended by
NetRatings to release VSI/WSS from any of its obligations under this Agreement or from any
liability of VSI/WSS or any other person for actions occurring after the Effective Date. For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 7.1 is intended to release VSTLLC from any of
its obligations under the Virginia Action Agreement, whether for actions occurring before or after
the Effective Date of this Agreement.

7.2 Release of NetRatings . VSI/WSS and its subsidiaries, officers, directors, and
employees hereby irrevocably release and discharge NetRatings and its subsidiaries, officers,
directors, stockholders and employees from any actions, demands, claims, causes of action, charges,
judgments, damages and attorneys fees, including all claims asserted in the Current Actions, or in
connection with the VSI/WSS Patents, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, in law or
in equity, arising from or in connection with the manufacture (including practicing methods,
processes and procedures), use, lease, license, sale, offer for sale, marketing, distribution,
exportation or importation of the NetRatings Licensed Products from the beginning of time up to and
including the Effective Date of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 7.2 is intended by
VSI/WSS to release NetRatings from any of its obligations under this Agreement or from any
liability of NetRatings or any other person for actions occurring after the Effective Date. For
the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 7.2 is intended to release NetRatings from
any of its obligations under the Virginia Action Agreement, whether for actions occurring before or
after the Effective Date of this Agreement.

8. COVENANTS NOT TO SUE 

8.1 NetRatings Covenant . Subject to Section 8.3 , NetRatings hereby covenants
and agrees that it will not bring suit for infringement of the NetRatings Additional Patents
against

13 

VSI/WSS. The provisions of this paragraph shall constitute a waiver, release and/or discharge
from any infringement occurring or any damages for patent infringement accruing either prior to or
after the Effective Date with respect to the NetRatings Additional Patents. NetRatings agrees that
it shall not grant to any other party, by patent assignment or otherwise, the right to enforce any
of the NetRatings Additional Patents against VSI/WSS or against any permitted transferee of this
Covenant, and that any transfer of the NetRatings Additional Patents to another party, by patent
assignment or otherwise, shall be made subject to the covenant, waiver, release and/or discharge
set forth in this Section 8.1 .

8.2 VSI/WSS Covenant . Subject to Section 8.4 , VSI/WSS hereby covenants and
agrees that it will not bring suit for infringement of the VSI/WSS Additional Patents against
NetRatings. The provisions of this paragraph shall constitute a waiver, release and/or discharge
from any infringement occurring or any damages for patent infringement accruing either prior to or
after the Effective Date with respect to the VSI/WSS Additional Patents. VSI/WSS agrees that it
shall not grant to any other party, by patent assignment or otherwise, the right to enforce any of
the VSI/WSS Additional Patents against NetRatings or against any permitted transferee of this
Covenant, and that any transfer of the VSI/WSS Additional Patents to another party, by patent
assignment or otherwise, shall be made subject to the covenant, waiver, release and/or discharge
set forth in this Section 8.2 .

8.3 Transfer of Covenants Upon VSI/WSS Change of Control . If a VSI/WSS Change of
Control Event occurs, and VSI/WSS elects to assign this Agreement to a VSI/WSS Purchaser, then the
covenant granted to VSI/WSS pursuant to Section 8.1 shall be transferred to the VSI/WSS
Purchaser, but such covenant shall only extend thereafter to VSI/WSS s products, services, and
technology commercially released as of the date of such VSI/WSS Change of Control Event and any and
all VSI/WSS Original and Future Versions (as defined in Section 15.1(i) of this Agreement)
of such products, services and technology. The covenant granted to NetRatings in Section
8.2 shall remain in full force and effect following a VSI/WSS Change of Control Event.

8.4 Transfer of Covenants Upon NetRatings Change of Control . If a NetRatings Change
of Control Event occurs, and NetRatings elects to assign this Agreement to the NetRatings
Purchaser, then the covenant granted to NetRatings pursuant to Section 8.2 shall be
transferred to the NetRatings Purchaser, but such covenant shall only extend thereafter to
NetRatings products, services, and technology commercially released as of the date of such
NetRatings Change of Control Event and any and all NetRatings Original and Future Versions (as
defined in Section 15.3 of this Agreement) of such products, services and technology. The
covenant granted to VSI/WSS in Section 8.1 shall remain in full force and effect following
a NetRatings Change of Control Event.

9. DISMISSAL OF THE CURRENT ACTIONS 

Promptly upon execution of this Agreement by the Parties and in any event within five (5)
business days thereof, the Parties shall cause their respective legal counsel to execute a
Stipulation of Dismissal With Prejudice under Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for
each of the New York Action and the California Action, dismissing each such Action with

14 

prejudice. Each of NetRatings and VSI/WSS will bear its own litigation costs and fees. The
Stipulations of Dismissal will be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B .

10. TERMINATION 

If any Party breaches any material term or condition of this Agreement and fails to cure such
breach within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice of the breach (the Cure Period ), the
non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement on written notice at any time following the end of
the Cure Period. VSI/WSS s failure to timely make a payment required under Section 3.1(i) or
3.1(ii) of this Agreement shall constitute a material breach by VSI/WSS of the Agreement,
except that VSI/WSS shall have thirty (30) days to cure such breach following receipt of written
notice thereof from NetRatings. VSI/WSS s failure to timely make a payment required under
 Sections 3.1(iii) or 3.1(v) of this Agreement shall constitute a material breach by VSI/WSS
of the Agreement, except that VSI/WSS shall have sixty (60) days to cure such breach following
receipt of written notice thereof from NetRatings. If VSI/WSS commits a material breach of the
VSI/WSS License granted in Section 2.1 or fails to make any payment required in Section
3.1 of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within the applicable cure period, or if
VSI/WSS fails to cure a material breach of Section 2.3 within the Cure Period, then the
VSI/WSS License will be terminated and the following payments set forth in Section 3.1 will
be accelerated and deemed immediately due and payable as of the date of such termination: (1) the
Initial Royalty; (2) the Additional Royalty; and (3) the VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties, but only to
the extent that the triggering conditions set forth in Section 3.1(iii) have occurred prior
to said breach.

11. CONFIDENTIALITY 

11.1 Definition of Confidential Information . Confidential Information shall mean
any confidential technical data, trade secret, know-how or other confidential information disclosed
by any Party hereunder in writing, orally, or by drawing or other form and which shall be marked by
the disclosing party as Confidential or Proprietary. If such information is disclosed orally,
or through demonstration, in order to be deemed Confidential Information, it must be specifically
designated as being of a confidential nature at the time of disclosure and reduced in writing and
delivered to the receiving party within thirty (30) calendar days of such disclosure.

11.2 Exceptions To Confidentiality . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential
Information shall not include information which: (i) is known to the receiving party at the time
of disclosure or becomes known to the receiving party without breach of this Agreement or violation
of a court order; (ii) is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving party
or any subsidiary of the receiving party; (iii) is rightfully received from a third party without
restriction on disclosure; (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party or any of its
subsidiaries without use of the Confidential Information of the disclosing party; or (v) is
approved for release upon a prior written consent of the disclosing party.

11.3 Confidentiality Obligations . The receiving party agrees that it will not
disclose any Confidential Information to any third party and will not use Confidential Information
of the disclosing party for any purpose other than for the performance of the rights and
obligations

15 

hereunder during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of thereafter,
without the prior written consent of the disclosing party. The receiving party further agrees that
Confidential Information shall remain the sole property of the disclosing party and that it will
take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information
by its employees and other representatives. No license shall be granted by the disclosing party to
the receiving party with respect to Confidential Information disclosed hereunder unless otherwise
expressly provided herein.

11.4 Return of Confidential Information . Upon the request of the disclosing party,
the receiving party will promptly return all Confidential Information furnished hereunder and all
copies thereof.

11.5 Disclosure . Neither party shall disclose this Agreement or any of the terms
hereof to any third party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement and
its terms shall be held in strict confidence by each party and shall constitute Confidential
Information. Further, based upon consultation with inside or outside legal counsel, either
party may disclose information concerning this Agreement as required by the rules, orders,
regulations, discovery requirements, subpoenas or directives of a court, government or governmental
agency (including without limitation the SEC). In the event either party determines that this
Agreement, or portions thereof, is required to be filed with the SEC, it will seek confidential
treatment of the Agreement or such portions thereof as and to the extent permitted by the rules,
regulations and published guidance of the SEC. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the
Parties may publicly disclose (including to customers or users of the Licensed VSI/WSS Products or
the Licensed NetRatings Products, and to VSI/WSS Providers or NetRatings Providers) that the
Actions have been settled and that use of the Licensed VSI/WSS Products and the NetRatings
Products, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, is a licensed use. On or shortly after
the Effective Date, VSI/WSS and NetRatings may each issue a single respective press release
concerning the Agreement, which press releases will be approved of by the parties prior to release
of same, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. The press release of VSI/WSS will be
substantially in the form shown in Exhibit D attached hereto, which NetRatings acknowledges
has been approved. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, no other public announcements
or press releases may be made by either party concerning the Agreement without the prior approval
of the other party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

16 

12. NOTICES 

Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered
personally to the other Party at the above-stated address or mailed by certified, registered or
express mail, return receipt requested, or by Federal Express, attention CEO or General Counsel.
In the case of NetRatings, a copy of any such notice shall be sent by Federal Express to Seth H.
Ostrow, Esq., Dreier LLP, 499 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. In the case of VSI/WSS, a copy of
any such notice shall be sent by Federal Express to the attention of James S. Blank, Esq., Latham 
Watkins LLP, 885 Third Avenue, Suite 1000, New York, NY 10022.

13 CHOICE OF LAW/JURISDICTION 

This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. All
disputes under this Agreement shall be resolved by litigation in the appropriate federal or state
courts located in the State of New York, County of New York, and the Parties consent to the
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for all such disputes, agree to accept service of process by
mail for all such disputes, and hereby waive any jurisdictional or venue defenses otherwise
available to them in connection with such courts for all such disputes.

14. ATTORNEYS FEES 

In any litigation arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
payment of its reasonable attorneys fees and costs by the other party.

15. CHANGE OF CONTROL EVENT AND ASSIGNABILITY 

15.1
 VSI/WSS Change of Control Event . In the event of any VSI/WSS Change of Control
Event, the VSI/WSS Additional Royalty required pursuant to Section 3.1(ii) and the
Accelerated Initial Royalty required pursuant to Section 3.1(i) shall be immediately due
and payable and shall be paid to NetRatings within fifteen (15) business days of the effective date
of the VSI/WSS Change of Control Event. In addition to the foregoing, in the event of a VSI/WSS
Change of Control Event, provided that all royalty payments due prior to the effective date of the
VSI/WSS Change of Control Event have been paid in accordance with Section 3 and this
 Section 15 , and provided that VSI/WSS is in all material respects in compliance with the
Agreement, then, this Agreement, including the VSI/WSS License, shall continue in full force and
effect, and, at the sole discretion of VSI/WSS, the Agreement, including the VSI/WSS License, may
be assigned by VSI/WSS to the VSI/WSS Purchaser, subject in each case (whether or not so assigned)
to the following limitations:

(i) the VSI/WSS License and any sublicenses granted under this Agreement shall be limited,
subject to the restrictions in Section 15.1(ii) , to (1) the Licensed VSI/WSS Products
commercially released as of the effective date of the VSI/WSS Change of Control Event VSI/WSS
Original Versions ); (2) the VSI/WSS products, or elements thereof, which VSI/WSS can show were
under development as of the effective date of the VSI/WSS Change of Control Event, if such VSI/WSS
products are released as standard products within twelve (12) months of the effective date of the
VSI/WSS Change of Control Event; (3) future versions of the VSI/WSS Original Versions which contain
patches to, bug fixes of, enhancements to, modifications of, improvements to, or updates or
upgrades of the VSI/WSS Original Versions,

17 

except for any new feature or functionality added to VSI/WSS Original Versions which new
feature or functionality in and of itself infringes a NetRatings Patent that did not already cover
the VSI/WSS Original Versions; and (4) future versions of the VSI/WSS Original Versions which
supersede any Licensed VSI/WSS Product or a Section 15.1(i)(2) or Section 15.1(i)(3) 
product (e.g., new x.0 release), as evidenced by the cessation of the distribution or use of the
VSI/WSS Original Version of such Licensed VSI/WSS Product or Section 15.1(i)(2) or Section
15.1(i)(3) product, or the use thereof to provide services to VSI/WSS Customers, within three
(3) months of the commercial release of the future version (collectively, VSI/WSS Original and
Future Versions );

(ii) following any VSI/WSS Change of Control Event, the VSI/WSS License and any sublicenses
granted under this Agreement shall not permit combining, merging, bundling or incorporating the
Licensed VSI/WSS Products, or any portion thereof, with any of the VSI/WSS Purchaser s Web
Analytics products, services or technology not otherwise licensed pursuant to a separate NetRatings
patent license agreement between the VSI/WSS Purchaser and NetRatings, except if the VSI/WSS
Purchaser s unlicensed Web Analytics products, services or technology represent less than forty
percent (40 of the source code of the combined, merged or bundled Web Analytics product, service
or technology (for the avoidance of doubt, if VSI/WSS or the VSI/WSS Purchaser, as applicable, is
combining, merging, bundling or incorporating a product, service or technology other than a Web
Analytics product, service or technology with a Licensed VSI/WSS Product, then for purposes of this
calculation the Licensed VSI/WSS Product shall constitute 100 of the source code of the combined,
merged or bundled Web Analytics product, service or technology). Except as set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence, in the event that any unlicensed Web Analytics products, services
or technology developed, created or offered by the VSI/WSS Purchaser (other than the products,
services or technology which the VSI/WSS Purchaser acquired from VSI/WSS as a result of the VSI/WSS
Change of Control Event), or any portion of such unlicensed Web Analytics products, services or
technology, is bundled with, combined with, merged with or incorporated into any of the Licensed
VSI/WSS Products Altered VSI/WSS Products ), then any such Altered VSI/WSS Products will not be
deemed to be Licensed VSI/WSS Products under this Agreement and the VSI/WSS License and any
sublicenses granted hereunder will not apply to such Altered VSI/WSS Products;

(iii) nothing in this Section 15.1 shall preclude VSI/WSS or a VSI/WSS Purchaser from
combining, merging, bundling or incorporating any unlicensed product, service or technology into or
with a Licensed VSI/WSS Product (or any portion thereof) if such unlicensed product, service or
technology does not, by itself, infringe any claim of any NetRatings Patent, and the license
granted in this Agreement shall continue to extend to such Licensed VSI/WSS Product notwithstanding
any such combining, merging, bundling or incorporating; and

(iv) VSI/WSS shall provide written notice of its intent to assign this Agreement to a VSI/WSS
Purchaser upon or following a VSI/WSS Change of Control Event prior to or concurrently with the
effective date of the assignment.

15.2
 VSI/WSS Assignment . Other than as specifically provided in Section 15.1 or
15.2 herein, VSI/WSS shall not assign (in whole or in part) this Agreement or its rights and

18 

obligations hereunder, including without limitation the VSI/WSS License, to any third party
(other than to an Affiliate) without the prior express written approval of NetRatings; provided
that VSI/WSS may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate without any such approval. Any assignment
of this Agreement, except as permitted under Section 15.1 or 15.2 , shall constitute a
material breach of this Agreement. The provisions of the Agreement shall be binding upon and shall
inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto, their heirs, administrators, successors and assigns,
but only to the extent permitted under this Section 15 . For avoidance of doubt, in
connection with each successive assignment permitted under this Section 15 , the assignee of
this Agreement, including without limitation the VSI/WSS License, shall enjoy all the rights and
benefits of, and shall be subject to all of the obligations of, VSI/WSS under this Agreement, and
all references to VSI/WSS in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to such assignee from and
after each such assignment.

15.3 NetRatings Assignment . This Agreement and the NetRatings License granted to
NetRatings pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement shall be assignable and transferable
to any acquirer of NetRatings or to The Nielsen Company or any of its subsidiaries. If NetRatings
elects to so assign or transfer this Agreement, then the NetRatings License shall be limited to:
(1) the Licensed NetRatings Products commercially released as of the effective date of the
assignment or transfer NetRatings Original Versions ); (2) the NetRatings products, or elements
thereof, which NetRatings can show were under development as of the effective date of the
assignment or transfer, if such NetRatings products are released as standard products within twelve
(12) months of the effective date of the assignment or transfer; (3) future versions of the
NetRatings Original Versions which contain patches to, bug fixes of, enhancements to, modifications
of, improvements to, or updates or upgrades of the NetRatings Original Versions, except for any new
feature or functionality added to NetRatings Original Versions which new feature or functionality
in and of itself infringes a VSI/WSS Patent that did not already cover the NetRatings Original
Versions; and (4) future versions of the NetRatings Original Versions which completely replace any
Licensed NetRatings Product or Section 15.3(2) or Section 15.3(3) product (e.g., new x.0
release), as evidenced by the cessation of the distribution or use of the Licensed NetRatings
Product or Section 15.3(2) or Section 15.3(3) product or the use thereof to provide
services to NetRatings Customers within three (3) months of the commercial release of the future
version (collectively, NetRatings Original and Future
Versions ).

16. VSI/WSS ACQUISITIONS 

16.1 Licensed VSI/WSS Products . In the event VSI/WSS acquires a VSI/WSS Acquired
Entity or the products, services, technology, customers, or other assets thereof pursuant to
 Section 3.1(iii) , then the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity s Web Analytics products, services, and
technology will be considered Licensed VSI/WSS Products under this Agreement as of the effective
date of the acquisition if and only if, within thirty (30) business days after the effective date
of such acquisition, VSI/WSS pays NetRatings the VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties, if any,
contemplated by Section 3.1(iii) and provides the royalty statement regarding such VSI/WSS
Acquired Entity required under Section 3.6 . If VSI/WSS does not timely pay NetRatings the
required VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties, if any, and timely provide the Section 3.6 royalty
statement, then the VSI/WSS License granted in this Agreement shall not extend to any products,
services, or technology developed, created or offered by the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity, including to
the extent any products, services or technology developed, created or offered by the

19 

VSI/WSS Acquired Entity are incorporated into any of the Licensed VSI/WSS Products, until such
time as such required VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties, if any, are paid, and such Section 3.6 
royalty statements are provided, to NetRatings. Nothing in this Section 16 or otherwise
shall preclude VSI/WSS from combining, merging, bundling or incorporating any unlicensed product,
service or technology into or with a Licensed VSI/WSS Product (or any portion thereof) if such
unlicensed product, service or technology does not, by itself, infringe any claim of any NetRatings
Patent, and the license granted in this Agreement shall continue to extend to such Licensed VSI/WSS
Product notwithstanding any such combining, merging, bundling or incorporating.

16.2 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event VSI/WSS acquires a VSI/WSS Acquired Entity or the
products, services, technology, customers or other assets thereof pursuant to Section
3.1(iii) , and VSI/WSS is not obligated to pay the VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalties for one or more
of the reasons set forth in Section 3.1(iii) or (iv) , then the VSI/WSS Acquired Entity s
Web Analytics products, services or technology will be considered Licensed VSI/WSS Products under
this Agreement as of the effective date of the acquisition.

16.3 VSI/WSS s election not to obtain a license and/or release for an acquisition pursuant to
 Section 3.1(iii) or (v) by paying the VSI/WSS Acquisition Royalty and/or Acquisition
Release Royalty and subsequent use or sale of unlicensed products shall not be deemed a breach of
this Agreement.

17. WAIVER 

No waiver by either Party of any default shall be deemed as a waiver of any prior or
subsequent default of the same or other provisions of this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY 

If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other
term, clause or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed
from the Agreement.

19. COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in counterparts, which, when assembled, shall be
considered a fully executed original of this Agreement.

20. SURVIVAL 

The following provisions shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement:
Sections 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11.

20 

21. NO ADMISSION 

This Agreement represents a resolution of disputed issues and claims between the Parties.
Nothing contained herein is, or is to be construed as, an admission or evidence of liability on the
part of either Party.

22. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT 

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the Parties, and revokes and supersedes
all prior agreements between the Parties and is intended as a final expression of their agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Virginia Action Agreement shall remain in full force and effect;
provided, however, that in the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Virginia Action
Agreement, this Agreement shall control. Each of VSI/WSS and NetRatings acknowledges and agrees
that such party is not currently aware of any such conflict. Notwithstanding and without
limitation of the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended nor shall be deemed to void the
payment obligations of VSTLLC to NetRatings under Section 3.1(i) and 3.1(ii) of the
Virginia Action Agreement. All negotiations and representations made prior to the execution of
this Agreement shall be deemed to have been integrated into the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by the Parties
hereto and specifically referring to this Agreement.

23. VSI/WSS FAVORABLE TREATMENT 

In addition to, and without limitation of, other consideration exchanged in this Agreement,
NetRatings has entered into this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein in
consideration of the representations and warranties made by VSI/WSS to NetRatings, including with
respect to all financial information provided by VSI/WSS to NetRatings concerning VSI/WSS 
financial condition, the NetRatings License, resolution of the California Action and other
strategic and business reasons.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have each caused
this Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized representative identified below.

NETRATINGS, INC. 

VISUAL SCIENCES, INC. 

(f/k/a WEBSIDESTORY, INC.) 

BY:

/s/ Peter Piazza

BY:

/s/ Dru Greenhalgh 

PRINT NAME: Peter Piazza 

PRINT NAME: Dru Greenhalgh 

TITLE: VP, Legal 

TITLE: General Counsel,
Corporate Secretary 

NETRATINGS AND VISUAL SCIENCES, INC. (F/K/A WEBSIDESTORY) 
SETTLEMENT AND PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

APPENDIX 

SCHEDULE A:

LICENSED VSI/WSS PRODUCTS 

SCHEDUlE B:

LICENSED NETRATINGS PRODUCTS 

SCHEDULE C:

LIST OF COMPANIES 

EXHIBIT A:

STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
NEW YORK ACTION 

EXHIBIT B:

STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
CALIFORNIA ACTION 

EXHIBIT C:

WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION FOR NETRATINGS 

EXHIBIT D:

PRESS RELEASE 

ATTACHMENT 1:

VIRGINIA ACTIONAGREEMENT 

23 

SCHEDULE A 

LICENSED VSI/WSS PRODUCTS 

The following products, services,
technologies, plus all components subsumed
within or used with each of the following,
all data collected by each of the following
and all products, services or technology
using such data, as well as all components of
the system architecture owned, operated or
maintained by or on behalf of VSI/WSS,
currently or previously developed, which may
or may not have been commercially released,
including without limitation:

HBX Analytics (including Commerce) 
HitBox Professional 
Visual Sciences Guided Search 
Visual Sciences Search 
Visual Sciences Publish 
Visual Sciences Bid 
StatMarket 
Active Insights 
Visual Sciences Visual Learning (Education Services) 
Visual Sciences Best Practices 
Visual Sciences Optimization Consulting 
Atomz Search 
HBX Report Builder 
HBX Active Segmentation 
Stream Integration Platform/HBX Analytics APIs 
Stream Campaign API 
Stream Reporting API 
Stream Visitor Profile API 
Stream Data Feed 
HBX Data Feeds 
HBX Active Dashboard 
Active Alerts 
Active Console 
Active Browsing (Search) 
Active Navigation (Search) 
Active Ranking (Search) 
Active Promotion (Search) 
Stream SEO Sitemap Data Feed (Search) 
Stream Shopping Engine Data Feed (Search) 
Connect

24 

SCHEDULE B 

LICENSED NETRATINGS PRODUCTS 

The following products, services,
technologies, plus all components subsumed within or used with each
of the following,all data collected by each of the following and all products, services or technology
using such data, as well as all components of the system architecture owned, operated or
maintained by or on behalf of NetRatings, currently or previously developed, which may
or may not have been commercially released, including without limitation:

VideoCensus 
NetView 
AdRelevance 
@Plan 
MegaPanel 
MegaView Financial 
MegaView Search 
MegaView Online Retail 
MegaView Travel 
MegaView Local 
SiteCensus 
MarketIntelligence 
AdIntelligence 
MarketCensus 
NetEffect 
WebIntercept 
WebRF 
LemonAd 
Customer Intelligence 
AdEffectiveness 
HomeScan Online 
MarketView 
Custom Reporting and Analytics 
Custom Research and Analytics 
SiteCensus Streaming 
SiteCensus Link Overlay 
MegaMatch 
SiteCensus Wireless/Mobile 
Fusion 
PoliticalView 
Post Analysis Reporting 
TAM (Total Audience Measurement) 
Mobile Internet Report 
Insight 
Online Observer 
BannerTrack

25 

CacheTrack 
CommerceTrack 
BrandPulse 
BlogPulse 
NetView Plus 
NetMeter 
NetSight 
MegaSight 
Insight 
NetSite 
NetLight/NetLite 
NetView Web Interface 
NetView Report Manager 
AdContact Prospecting Tool 
AdAcross 
Analytical Services 
Product Targeting Report 
SiteCensus Reporting Interface 
Vertical MI Reporting Interface 
Customer Intelligence Reporting Interface 
AdRelevance Report Builder 
AdRelevance Report Manager 
AdRelevance Report Viewer 
Customer Analysis Platform 
Custom Aggregation Tool 
Custom Targeting Tool

26 

SCHEDULE C 

LIST OF COMPANIES 

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has
been filed separately with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

27 

EXHIBIT A 

STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL 
WITH PREJUDICE NEW YORK ACTION 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

NETRATINGS, INC.,

Civil Action No. 06-cv-878 (LTS) (AJP) 

Plaintiff, 

vs.

STIPULATION AND ORDER OF 
 DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,

Defendant. 

Plaintiff NetRatings, Inc. NetRatings ), by its counsel Dreier LLP, and Defendant
WebSideStory, Inc. WebSideStory ), by its counsel Latham Watkins LLP, hereby stipulate that
they have reached a confidential settlement of the dispute that is the subject matter of the
above-referenced action (the Action ). Based upon such settlement, and upon the consent and
approval of NetRatings and WebSideStory as indicated herein, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND
DECREED that:

1. The Action, including, without limitation, all claims and counterclaims asserted in the
Action, is hereby dismissed with prejudice as to all parties pursuant to Rule 41(a)(1)(ii)
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.

2. Each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees.

28 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

Date:

Date: 

Counsel for NetRatings, Inc. 

Counsel for WebSideStory, Inc. 

DREIER LLP

LATHAM WATKINS LLP 

By:

By: 

Seth H. Ostrow 

Arianna Frankl 

Karine Louis

James S. Blank 

499 Park Avenue

885 Third Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Suite 1000 

Telephone: (212) 328-6100

New York, NY 10022 

Facsimile: (212) 328-6101

Telephone: (212) 906-1200 

Facsimile: (212) 751-4864 

SO ORDERED:

Date

HON. LAURA TAYLOR SWAIN 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 

29 

EXHIBIT B 

STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL 
WITH PREJUDICE CALIFORNIA ACTION 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,

Civil Action No. 06-cv-0408 WQH (AJB) 

Plaintiff, 

STIPULATION AND ORDER OF 

vs.

DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 

NETRATINGS, INC.,

Defendant. 

Plaintiff WebSideStory, Inc. WebSideStory ), by its counsel Latham Watkins LLP, and
Defendant NetRatings, Inc. NetRatings ), by its counsel Dreier, LLP, hereby stipulate that they
have reached a confidential settlement of the dispute that is the subject matter of the
above-referenced action (the Action ). Based upon such settlement, and upon the consent and
approval of WebSideStory and NetRatings as indicated herein, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND
DECREED that:

1. The Action, including, without limitation, all claims and counterclaims asserted in the
Action, is hereby dismissed with prejudice as to all parties pursuant to Rule 41(a)(1)(ii)
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.

2. Each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees.

30 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

Date:

Date: 

Counsel for WebSideStory, Inc. 

Counsel for NetRatings, Inc. 

LATHAM WATKINS LLP

DREIER LLP 

By:

By: 

Stephen P. Swinton

Seth H. Ostrow 

Arianna Frankl 

Karine Louis 

12636 High Bluff Drive

499 Park Avenue

San Diego, CA 92130

New York, New York 10022 

Telephone: (858) 523-5400

Telephone: (212) 328-6100 

Facsimile: (858) 523-5450

Facsimile: (212) 328-6101 

SO ORDERED:

Date:

HON. ANTHONY J. BATTAGLIA

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 

31 

EXHIBIT
C 

 WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION FOR NETRATINGS, INC. 

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

32 

EXHIBIT D 

PRESS RELEASE 

33 

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
Karen Haus-Moran, Carolyn Bass 
Market Street Partners for Visual Sciences, Inc. 
Karen@marketstreetpartners.com 
Carolyn@marketstreetpartners.com 
 1.415.445.3240

Visual Sciences Announces Settlement and Patent 
License Agreement with NetRatings 

San Diego August 20, 2007 Visual Sciences, Inc. (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.) (NASDAQ:
VSCN), a leading provider of real-time analytics applications, today announced that it has settled
the patent litigation between the company and NetRatings, Inc.

Under the terms of a settlement and patent license agreement, the company and NetRatings have
agreed to dismiss the pending lawsuits the parties filed against each other in February 2006 and
have exchanged non-exclusive worldwide licenses to certain patent and patent applications owned by
the other party. Visual Sciences has also agreed to pay NetRatings 9.0 million, of which 2.0
million is due upon execution of the settlement and patent license agreement with the remaining
 7.0 million payable in quarterly installments of 500,000 commencing on March 31, 2008. In
addition, in connection with a change in control of Visual Sciences an additional payment of 2.25
million would be payable to NetRatings and 2.0 million of the 7.0 million in ongoing payments
would be accelerated.

We are pleased that we have put the litigation with NetRatings behind us so we can focus our
energy and attention on delivering valuable real-time analytics solutions to our clients, said Jim
MacIntyre, chief executive officer of Visual Sciences. We believe the settlement provides
benefits to all areas of our company: our clients can continue to make strategic commitments to
our web analytics solutions confident that their interests have been protected; our shareholders
can move forward with their investments in the company without the uncertainty engendered by the
litigation; and our management team can concentrate on executing the company s plan without the
distractions caused by the litigation. 

About Visual Sciences 

Founded in 1996, Visual Sciences, Inc. (formerly known as WebSideStory, Inc.) (NASDAQ: VSCN) is a
leading provider of real-time analytics applications. The company s analytics applications, based
on its patent pending on-demand service and software platform, enable fast and detailed analytics
on large volumes of streaming and stored data. More than 1,590 enterprises worldwide rely on the
answers delivered by these applications to provide them with actionable intelligence to optimize
their business operations. The company provides real-time analytics applications for Web sites,
contact centers, retail points-of-sale, messaging systems and the intelligence community. Visual
Sciences flexible technology platform, Visual Sciences

Technology Platform 5 , allows the company
to rapidly introduce tailored solutions to meet its clients needs. Visual Sciences is
headquartered in San Diego, Calif., and has East Coast offices in Herndon, Virginia and European headquarters in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. For more
information, contact Visual Sciences. Voice: 858.546.0040. Fax: 858.546.0480. Address: 10182
Telesis Court, 6th Floor, San Diego, CA 92121. Web site: www.visualsciences.com . Visual
Sciences is a registered trademark of Visual Sciences, Inc.

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this press release that are not a description of historical facts are forward-looking
statements. You should not regard any forward-looking statement as a representation by Visual
Sciences that any of its plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those
set forth in this release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in Visual Sciences business,
including, without limitation: Visual Sciences reliance on its Web analytics services for the
majority of its revenue; potential impacts on our business, results of operations and common stock
price resulting from the process we are undertaking with an investment banking firm to evaluate
potential strategic transactions with interested parties; blocking or erasing of cookies or
limitations on the company s ability to use cookies; Visual Sciences limited experience with
real-time analytics applications beyond Web analytics; the risks associated with integrating the
operations and products of acquired companies with those of Visual Sciences; privacy concerns and
laws or other domestic or foreign regulations that may subject Visual Sciences to litigation or
limit the company s ability to collect and use Internet user information; Visual Sciences ability
to defend itself against claims of patent infringement alleged by NetRatings, Inc.; Visual
Sciences ongoing ability to protect its own intellectual property rights and to avoid violating
the intellectual property rights of third parties; the highly competitive markets in which the
company operates that could make it difficult for Visual Sciences to acquire and retain customers;
the risk that Visual Sciences customers fail to renew their agreements; the risks associated with
the company s indebtedness, including the risk of non-compliance with the covenants in the
company s credit facility; the risk that Visual Sciences services may become obsolete in a market
with rapidly changing technology and industry standards; the risks associated with renaming the
company and undertaking related branding activities; and other risks described in Visual Sciences 
Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the company s annual report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2006 and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Do not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this news release. All
forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and Visual
Sciences undertakes no obligation to revise or update this news release to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this news release.

ATTACHMENT 1 

VIRGINIA ACTION AGREEMENT 

CONFIDENTIAL SUBJECT TO FRE 408 

SETTLEMENT AND 
PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT 

THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made as of this 25th day of October, 2005 (the Effective
Date by and between NetRatings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at 120 West 45th
Street, New York, New York 10036 NetRatings ), and Visual Sciences, LLC, a Delaware company, with
offices at 1616 Anderson Road, Virginia 22102 (collectively, Licensee (NetRatings and Licensee
collectively, the Parties ).

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS , NetRatings is the sole and exclusive owner or joint owner of certain United States
and foreign patents and patent applications, as further identified herein;

WHEREAS , the Parties are presently engaged in litigation in the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia, captioned NetRatings, Inc. Visual Sciences , LLC , Civil Action
No. 2:05-CV-349 (the Action );

WHEREAS , in the Action, NetRatings has alleged that Licensee has infringed and continues to
infringe certain of the aforementioned United States patents of NetRatings;

WHEREAS , Licensee denies that any of its products and services infringe the aforementioned
United States patents of NetRatings;

WHEREAS , the Parties wish to resolve and settle the Action and all disputes that are the
subject matter of the Action; and

WHEREAS , as part of the settlement of the Action, NetRatings wishes to grant to Licensee, and
Licensee wishes to receive, a license under the aforementioned United States and foreign patents
and patent applications of NetRatings pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants herein contained, the
Parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS 

The capitalized terms in this Agreement which are not defined in the text of the Agreement
shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1 . In addition, the existence or scope
of any defined term in this Agreement shall not constitute or be deemed to be a representation by,
or a belief on the part of, NetRatings that the NetRatings Patents (as defined herein) or any
claims therein are in any way limited in scope or to application or enforcement in any particular
fields of use.

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

1.1 Affiliate of a party shall mean any company or other entity which Controls, is
Controlled by, or is under common Control with that party.

1.2 Change of Control Event means the sale to a person or entity Purchaser of (i) all or
substantially all of the assets of the Licensee; (ii) sufficient equity of Licensee to effect a
change of control of Licensee including by merger, acquisition, consolidation or other
reorganization; (iii) fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of Licensee s then
outstanding securities; or (iv) all or substantially all of the assets of the Licensee within the
Web Analytics Field.

1.3 Control shall mean having the power to direct the management and policies of an entity
(directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries) through the ownership of voting
securities or by contract to direct the arrangement and policies of a person.

1.4 Distribute (and all variations of the term distribute as the context requires,
including but not limited to Distribution and Distributed shall mean to use, demonstrate,
evaluate, market, sell, offer to sell, license, offer to license, sublicense, offer to sublicense,
lease, offer to lease, export, import, or make or offer to make any other disposition or transfer
of computer software or services to another person or entity for any purpose either directly or
indirectly through agents, independent contractors, or other representatives.

1.5 Licensed Products shall mean the products and services set forth on Schedule B 
hereto and, subject to Section 14.3 , any products and services that may in the future be
offered by Licensee which are within the Web Analytics Field, as defined herein.

1.6 Licensee s Revenue shall mean Licensee s gross revenues from the Distribution of
Licensed Products, less excise taxes, discounts and allowances actually shown on an applicable
invoice. No costs shall be deducted from Licensee s Revenue; nor shall any deduction from
Licensee s Revenue be allowed for any uncollectible accounts or allowances. Revenues the Licensed
Products shall be deemed to have occurred when fees for such Licensed Products are billed,
invoiced, or paid for, whichever event occurs first, regardless of the time of collection of
applicable sums arising from such sales, if ever. All pricing of the Licensed Products shall be
based on Licensee s customary pricing policies for its products and services and will not be
contrary to the intent and purpose of this Agreement. Solely for the purpose of calculating
Licensee s Revenue under this Agreement, to the extent that (i) Licensee s Distribution of any
Licensed Products to any Distributor or Affiliate is at a price less than the standard price
charged to Licensee s other customers, Licensee s Revenue from such Distribution shall be computed
at the standard price for such Licensed Products rather than the reduced price, (ii) Licensee
Distributes any Licensed Products offered for free or for a discount based on sales of other
products or services, Licensee s Revenue from such Distribution shall be computed at the standard
price for such Licensed Products rather than any reduced price, or (iii) Licensee Distributes any
Licensed Products bundled with other products or services for sale at a single price, Licensee s
revenue from such Distribution shall be computed using the entire value received from Licensee from
the Distribution of the Licensed Products and such other products or services rather than any
apportioned amount.

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

2 

1.7 NetRatings Patents shall mean the United States and foreign patents and patent
applications identified on Schedule A attached hereto. In addition, the NetRatings Patents
shall include all United States and foreign patents issuing as divisionals, continuations,
continuations-in-part, reissues, reexaminations, renewals or extensions of any of the patents and
patent applications identified in the attached Schedule A .

1.8 Term shall mean the period commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing to and
including the date on which the last remaining of the NetRatings Patents expires, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with Section 9 .

1.9 Web Analytics Field shall mean .

2. LICENSE 

2.1 Grant of License to Licensee . Subject to Section 2.2 , NetRatings hereby
grants to Licensee, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 14 royalty-bearing
world-wide license under the NetRatings Patents during the Term to make (including the right to
practice methods, processes and procedures), have made, Distribute, and have Distributed the
Licensed Products (the License" ), and to grant sublicenses (in accordance with Section
2.4 ). The License granted hereunder shall be in effect during the Term if and only if Licensee
is at all times in full compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. After all
payments required under Sections 3.1(i) and 3.1(ii) have been paid in full, no
further royalty fees will be due and the License will be fully paid-up.

2.2 Exclusion . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee
expressly acknowledges and agrees that the License granted under this Agreement does not permit the
Licensee to .

2.3 Reservation of Rights . Any and all rights not expressly granted to Licensee in
this Agreement with respect to the NetRatings Patents, including, without limitation, the right to
enforce the NetRatings Patents against third parties and collect royalties and/or damages in
connection therewith, are hereby reserved and retained exclusively by NetRatings.

2.4 Sublicense Rights . Licensee may grant to customers and purchasers of the Licensed
Products a limited, non-exclusive sublicense under the NetRatings Patents solely for the purpose of
allowing such entities to use the Licensed Products, subject to all of the conditions of this
Agreement. Licensee may grant to Licensee s vendors, whose products and/or services are necessary
to enable Licensee to Distribute the Licensed Products, a limited sublicense under the NetRatings
Patents solely to the extent necessary to enable such vendors and/or distributors to provide to
Licensee the products services necessary to enable Licensee to Distribute the

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

3 

Licensed Products. Licensee may grant to Licensee s Distributors a limited sublicense under
the NetRatings Patents solely for the purpose of Distributing each copy of the Licensed Product
obtained by the Distributor, directly or indirectly, from Licensee. Other than as expressly
provided in this Section 2.4 , Licensee may not grant any other sublicenses of any kind
under this Agreement and any attempt by Licensee to do so will constitute a material breach of this
Agreement.

2.5 Cooperation/Enforcement Actions . At the request of NetRatings, Licensee shall, at
NetRatings expense and upon reasonable notice, reasonably cooperate with NetRatings in connection
with the enforcement or prosecution of any of the NetRatings Patents.

2.6 Markings and Samples . Licensee shall fully comply with the patent marking
provisions of the United States or other applicable patent laws. In furtherance of the foregoing,
Licensee will include the identifying numbers of the NetRatings Patents and an indication that the
Licensed Products are licensed under such NetRatings Patents in at least one location on Licensee s
Web site, in Licensee s user manuals, in Licensee s software license agreements, end user license
agreements, and other agreements granting to any person or entity the right to use the Licensed
Products, and in at least one location on each physically packaged version of the Licensed
Products. At least once during each calendar year of the Term, Licensee shall submit to NetRatings
one sample of each of the foregoing items to be marked sufficient to show that the marking
requirements of this Section 2.6 are being fulfilled. Neither the marking of any Licensed
Product pursuant to this Agreement or this Section shall be deemed to constitute an admission by
Licensee that the Licensed Products are covered by the NetRatings Patents.

3. PAYMENT OF ROYALTIES 

3.1 Royalty Fees .

(i) As partial consideration for the settlement of the Action and the License granted under
this Agreement, and in addition to any payments that may be required under Section 3.1(ii of this Agreement, Licensee shall pay one-million U.S. dollars 1,000,000) to NetRatings (the
 Initial Royalty ). The Initial Royalty shall be deemed immediately owing to NetRatings as of the
Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and as an accommodation to Licensee, NetRatings
shall accept payment of the Initial Royalty in the following manner: (1) within five (5) business
days from the date on which Licensee executes this Agreement and receives an original of this
Agreement, including all Exhibits, that has been executed by a duly authorized representative of
NetRatings, Licensee shall pay one-hundred thousand U.S. dollars 100,000) to NetRatings, (2) on
or before December 16, 2005, Licensee shall pay one-hundred thousand U.S. dollars 100,000) to
NetRatings, and (3) for the calendar quarter commencing January 2006, and continuing therefrom
until a total of 40 payments equaling eight-hundred thousand U.S. dollars 800,000) have been
made, within fifteen (15) days following the end of each calendar quarter, Licensee shall pay
twenty-thousand U.S. dollars 20,000) to NetRatings. After the payments required under this
 Section 3.1(i) have been paid in full, no further royalty fees will be due under this
 Section 3.1(i) .

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

4 

(ii) As further consideration for the License granted under this Agreement, and in addition to
the payments of the Initial Royalty required pursuant to Section 3.1(i of this Agreement,
Licensee will pay NetRatings an additional royalty of up to one million U.S. dollars 1,000,000)
(the Additional Royalty as follows: (i) for each calendar year in which Licensee s Revenue
reaches at least , Licensee will pay NetRatings (ii) for each calendar
year in which Licensee s Revenue exceeds , Licensee will pay NetRatings and (iii) for
each calendar year in which Licensee s Revenue exceeds , Licensee will pay NetRatings .
The Additional Royalty shall be calculated and paid to NetRatings by Licensee at Licensee s sole
expense on a yearly basis within thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar year (each a
 Royalty Period during the Term. Licensee s obligation to pay the Additional Royalty on a yearly
basis during the Term of this Agreement will terminate when the total amount of Additional Royalty
fees paid by Licensee to NetRatings pursuant to this Section 3.1(ii) reaches one million
U.S. dollars 1,000,000), after which time the payments required under this Section
3.1(ii) shall be deemed to be paid in full, and no further royalty fees will be due under this
 Section 3.1(ii) .

(iii) Termination of Additional Royalty Obligations . In the event that, and only in
the event that, every claim of every one of the NetRatings Patents is held to be invalid and/or
unenforceable against all persons or entities by a final, non-appealable decision of a court having
competent jurisdiction and authority to issue such a holding, then the Additional Royalty shall
terminate as of the date of such final, non-appealable decision. From that date forward, no
Additional Royalty payments will be due. The termination of the Additional Royalty payments
pursuant to this Section 3.1(iii) shall not entitle Licensee to a refund of any payments
previously made. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section 3.1(iii) does not and shall
not be construed to affect the payment of the Initial Royalty required under Section 3.1(i) 
of this Agreement and the Initial Royalty is due and payable as of the Effective Date irrespective
of any subsequent event, including any holding as to the validity or unenforceability of the
NetRatings Patents.

3.2 Method of Payment . Unless otherwise specified in writing by NetRatings, all
payments to be made by Licensee under this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer of funds to the
account of NetRatings as set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

3.3 Interest on Late Payments . Late payments shall incur interest at the rate of One
Percent (1 per month from the date such payments were originally due hereunder.

3.4 Royalty Statements . Simultaneously with the making of any of the Additional
Royalty payments which may be required under Section 3.1(ii of this Agreement, Licensee
shall provide NetRatings with a written statement in the form attached as Exhibit C hereto
indicating the basis for the calculation of such Additional Royalty payments. Such royalty
statements shall be certified as accurate by a duly authorized officer of Licensee. Such
statements shall be

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

5 

furnished to NetRatings regardless of whether any Licensed Products are sold or provided
during the Royalty Period or whether any actual Additional Royalty payments were owed. The receipt
or acceptance by NetRatings of any royalty statement or Additional Royalty payment shall not
prevent NetRatings from subsequently challenging the validity or accuracy of such statement or
Additional Royalty payment.

4. RECORD INSPECTION AND AUDIT 

4.1 Right To Inspect and Audit . NetRatings shall have the right, upon reasonable
notice to Licensee, such reasonable notice not to be less than thirty (30) days, up to one (1) time
during each calendar year during the Term and for three (3) years thereafter, to have a designated
independent accounting firm that is mutually agreed upon by NetRatings and Licensee inspect
Licensee s books and records and all other documents and materials in Licensee s possession or
control as such designated independent accounting firm deems necessary for the sole purpose of
verifying the contents of all royalty statements and in order to conform the basis and accuracy of
Additional Royalty payments for all Licensed Products. Such designated independent accounting firm
must agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such books and records, including an
obligation not to disclose any information from such books and records to NetRatings.

4.2 Underpayments . In the event that an inspection of books and records pursuant to
 Section 4.1 reveals an underpayment by Licensee of Additional Royalty payments under this
Agreement, Licensee shall immediately pay NetRatings the difference between the amounts actually
paid and the amounts required to be paid under this Agreement, plus interest calculated at the rate
of One Percent (1 per month. If such underpayment is in excess of Ten Percent (10 less than
the required Additional Royalty payment during any Royalty Period, Licensee shall also reimburse
NetRatings for the cost of such inspection, including reasonable costs of retaining the accounting
firm referenced in Section 4.1 .

5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

5.1 Representations of NetRatings . NetRatings represents and warrants that: (i) it
has the right and power to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it is not a party to any other agreement
that could affect NetRatings rights to enter into this Agreement and fulfill its obligations
hereunder; (iii) it is the owner or joint owner of the entire right, title, and interest in and to
the NetRatings Patents; (iv) it has the right and power to grant the License granted herein; (v)
that there are no other agreements with any other party in conflict with such grant; and (vi)
 Schedule A attached hereto identifies all of the issued United States patents in which
NetRatings has right, title and/or interest as of the Effective Date relating to the Web Analytics
Field. NetRatings acknowledges that the foregoing representations and warranties made by
NetRatings constitute a material part of the consideration inducing Licensee to enter into this
Agreement.

5.2 Representations of Licensee . Licensee represents and warrants that: (i) it has
the right and power to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it is not a party to any other agreement
that could affect Licensee s rights to enter into this Agreement and fulfill its obligations
hereunder;

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

6 

(iii) during the Term of this Agreement, Licensee will not contest the validity or
enforceability of any of the NetRatings Patents or in any way knowingly or intentionally assist any
other entity in contesting the validity or enforceability of any of the NetRatings Patents unless
required to do so pursuant to subpoena, judicial order, requirement of a government agency, or by
operation of law; (iv) the financial information provided to NetRatings attached hereto as
 Exhibit E in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement was and is true and
accurate; (v) the portion of the data collected by Licensee s existing customers using a set of
computer instructions downloaded to a client for the purpose of collecting data (e.g., page tags)
used as input to the Licensed Products was and, as of the Effective Date, is less than 
 of the total data collected by all means and used as input to the Licensed
Products; and (vi) the Licensed Products listed on Schedule B hereto is a true and accurate
list as of the date of this Agreement. Licensee acknowledges that the foregoing representations
and warranties made by Licensee constitute a material part of the consideration inducing NetRatings
to enter into this Agreement. NetRatings may Licensee of its intent to verify representations (iv)
and (v) of this Section 5.2 within six months from the Effective Date, at which point
Licensee will provide access to its books and records to an independent accounting firm that is
mutually agreed upon by the parties and that agrees in writing to maintain the co dentiality of
such books and records, including an obligation not to disclose any information such books and
records to NetRatings. NetRatings decision to exercise or not to exercise the option in the
immediately preceding sentence, and any results of such attempts at verification, shall have no
effect on the enforceability of Licensee s representations and warranties, which shall always
remain in effect.

5.3 Limitations on Warranties . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as: (i)
representing the scope of any claims of the NetRatings Patents; or (ii) representing that the sale
or use of such products or services encompassed by any of the claims set forth in one or more
claims of the NetRatings Patents will be free of infringement of any other intellectual property
rights.

5.4 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES . EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS
 SECTION 5 , NETRATINGS AND LICENSEE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

6. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY 

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS RELATED TO NETRATINGS OR LICENSEE S NON-DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS
UNDER SECTION 10 , IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS,

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

7 

EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT. IN ALL EVENTS, EACH PARTY S TOTAL LIABILITY IN THE AGGREGATE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
(EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS RELATED TO NETRATINGS OR LICENSEE S NON-DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS
UNDER SECTION 10 IS LIMITED TO AND SHALL NOT EXCEED: (I) WITH RESPECT TO NETRATINGS, THE
MONIES RECEIVED BY NETRATINGS FROM LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND (II) WITH RESPECT TO
LICENSEE, TWO MILLION U.S. DOLLARS (US 2,000,000) PLUS INTEREST DUE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR BY
LAW. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 6 SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT ANY
LIABILITY OF LICENSEE RESULTING FROM LICENSEE S MANUFACTURE, SALE OR USE OF ANY PRODUCTS OR
SERVICES OUTSIDE OF THE SCOPE OF THE LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER.

7. RELEASES 

7.1 Release of Licensee . NetRatings hereby forever releases and discharges Licensee
and its parent corporations, subsidiaries, officers, directors, managing members, members and
employees (collectively, the Licensee Releasees from any and all claims, counterclaims, causes
of action, liabilities, judgments and damages arising from or in connection with the Action or
which should have been brought in the Action, including Licensee s making (including practicing
methods, processes and procedures), having made, Distributing, and having Distributed the Licensed
Products up to and including the Effective Date of this Agreement, and NetRatings hereby covenants
not to bring any action, suit or proceeding against Licensee Releasees for any claims,
counterclaims, causes of action, liabilities, judgments or damages arising from or in connection
with the Action or which should have been brought in the Action, including such making or
Distribution of the Licensed Products up to and including the Effective Date of this Agreement.
This release is applicable to any third party s making (including practicing methods, processes and
procedures), having made, Distributing, and having Distributed the Licensed Products up to and
including the Effective Date of this Agreement, and NetRatings hereby covenants not to bring any
action, suit or proceeding against any such third party for such making or Distribution of the
Licensed Products up to and including the Effective Date. Nothing in this Section 7.1 is
intended by NetRatings to release Licensee from any of its obligations under this Agreement or any
liability of Licensee for actions occurring after the Effective Date, including, without
limitation, actions that, in the absence of the License granted hereunder, would constitute
infringement of one or more claims of the NetRatings Patents.

7.2 Release of NetRatings . Licensee hereby forever releases and discharges NetRatings
and its parent corporations, subsidiaries, officers, directors and employees (collectively, the
 NetRatings Releasees from any and all claims, counterclaims, causes of action, liabilities,
judgments and damages arising from or in connection with the Action or which should have been
brought in the Action, and Licensee hereby covenants not to bring any action, suit or proceeding
against NetRatings Releasees for any claims, counterclaims, causes of action, liabilities,
judgments or damages arising from or in connection with the Action or which should have been
brought in the Action. Nothing in this Section 7.2 is intended by Licensee to release

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

8 

NetRatings Releasees from any of their obligations under this Agreement or from any liability
of Releasees for actions occurring after the Effective Date.

8. DISMISSAL OF THE ACTION 

Promptly upon execution of this Agreement by the Parties and payment by Licensee of the
payment required pursuant to Section 3.1(i)(1) of this Agreement, the Parties shall cause
their respective legal counsel to execute a Stipulation of Dismissal With Prejudice under Rule 41
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure dismissing the Action with prejudice. Each Party will bear
its own litigation costs and fees. The Stipulation of Dismissal will be in the attached hereto as
 Exhibit A .

9. TERMINATION 

NetRatings shall have the right, after a period of thirty (30) calendar days, to immediately
terminate this Agreement and the License granted herein by giving written notice to Licensee upon
the occurrence of any of the following: (i) Licensee materially breaches any provision of this
Agreement; (ii) Licensee becomes insolvent or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors;
(iii) Licensee discontinues or dissolves its business or otherwise ceases to operate; or (iv)
Licensee makes any effort to assign this Agreement and License in violation of Section
14.2 . Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing, NetRatings, at its sole discretion, shall
give written notice to Licensee of the termination of the Agreement. The date on which NetRatings
serves written notice of termination of the Agreement shall constitute the Termination Date . 
Licensee shall have thirty (30) calendar days Cure Period from the Termination Date to cure any
breach. If Licensee does cure the breach within the Cure Period, the Agreement will be deemed as
not having been terminated as of the Termination Date and the parties rights and obligations under
the Agreement will be deemed as having been in continuous full force and effect. If Licensee fails
to cure any such breach within the Cure Period, the License will be terminated effective as of the
Termination Date and all of the payment obligations of Licensee under this Agreement due as of the
Termination Date will be accelerated and deemed immediately due and payable as of the Termination
Date. With respect to the acceleration of Licensee s payment obligations hereunder, the total
payment obligations due shall be deemed to be the one-million U.S. dollars 1,000,000) Initial
Royalty minus all actual payments of the Initial Royalty made by Licensee to NetRatings under this
Agreement as of the Termination Date, plus all Additional Royalty payments due as of the
Termination Date. In the event that NetRatings termination of the Agreement is based on a
material breach of the Agreement by Licensee, with respect to the acceleration of Licensee s
payment obligations hereunder, the total payment obligations due shall also be deemed to include
the entire one-million U.S. dollars 1,000,000) Additional Royalty minus any actual payments of
the Additional Royalty made by Licensee to NetRatings under this Agreement, as of the Termination
Date.

10. CONFIDENTIALITY 

10.1 Definition of Confidential Information . Confidential Information shall mean
any confidential technical data, trade secret, know-how or other confidential information

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

9 

disclosed by any Party hereunder in writing, orally, or by drawing or other form and which
shall be marked by the disclosing party as Confidential or Proprietary. If such information is
disclosed orally, or through demonstration, in order to be deemed Confidential Information, it must
be specifically designated as being of a confidential nature at the time of disclosure and reduced
in writing and delivered to the receiving party within thirty (30) calendar days of such
disclosure.

10.2 Exceptions To Confidentiality . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential
Information shall not include information which: (i) is known to the receiving party at the time
of disclosure or becomes known to the receiving party without breach of this Agreement; (ii) is or
becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving party or any subsidiary of the
receiving party; (iii) is rightfully received from a third party without restriction on disclosure;
(iv) is independently developed by the receiving party or any of its subsidiary; (v) is approved
for release upon a prior written consent of the disclosing party; or (vi) is disclosed pursuant to
judicial order, requirement of a governmental agency or by operation of law.

10.3 Confidentiality Obligations . The receiving party agrees that it will not
disclose any Confidential Information to any third party and will not use Confidential Information
of the disclosing party for any purpose other than for the performance of the rights and
obligations hereunder during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of thereafter,
without the prior written consent of the disclosing party. The receiving party further agrees that
Confidential Information shall remain the sole property of the disclosing party and that it will
take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information
by its employees. No license shall be granted by the disclosing party to the receiving party with
respect to Confidential Information disclosed hereunder unless otherwise expressly provided herein.

10.4 Return of Confidential Information . Upon the request of the disclosing party,
the receiving party will promptly return all Confidential Information furnished hereunder and all
copies thereof.

10.5 Publicity . Except as provided for in this Section 10.5 , Licensee shall
not disclose this Agreement or any of the terms hereof to any third party without the prior written
consent of NetRatings. Except as provided for in this Section 10.5 , this Agreement and its
terms shall be held in strict confidence by Licensee and shall constitute Confidential Information
of NetRatings. Further, Licensee may disclose information concerning this
Agreement as required by the rules, orders, regulations, subpoenas or directives of a court,
government or governmental agency, but only after providing NetRatings with prior written notice of
such proposed disclosure sufficiently in advance of any proposed disclosure to provide NetRatings
with a reasonable opportunity to move for a protective order or otherwise object to such

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

10 

disclosure in advance of such disclosure taking place. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Licensee may disclose to its current and prospective customers of the Licensed Products and to the
general public through press releases that the Action has been settled and that the making,
Distribution, and use of the Licensed Products is licensed under the NetRatings Patents, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Licensee may issue a public statement and press
release containing the statements listed in Exhibit D . Notwithstanding the foregoing, to
the extent that this Agreement and its terms become publicly known through no wrongful act of the
Licensee as a result of actions by NetRatings or third parties, Licensee has the right to disclose
any and all such publicly known terms of the Agreement.

10.6 Disclosure at NetRatings Option . NetRatings shall have the right, in its sole
discretion, to disclose this Agreement and its terms to third parties, including by issuing public
statements and press releases and in court filings and filings with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission or other applicable domestic or foreign governmental agency or department.
The Parties agree and acknowledge that this Agreement may need to, and can, be disclosed in
connection with any action by NetRatings to enforce the NetRatings Patents.

11. NOTICES 

Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered
personally to the other Party at the above-stated address or mailed by certified, registered or
express mail, return receipt requested, or by Federal Express, attention CEO or General Counsel.
In the case of NetRatings, a copy of any such notice shall be sent by Federal Express to Seth H.
Ostrow, Esq., Brown Raysman Millstein Felder Steiner LLP, 900 Third Avenue, New York, New York
10022, Ph. (212) 895-2000. In the case of Licensee, a copy of any such notice shall be sent by
Federal Express to Martin M. Zoltick, Esq., Rothwell, Figg, Ernst Manbeck, 1425 K Street, N.W.,
Suite 800, Washington, D.C. 20005, Ph. (202) 783-6040.

12. CHOICE OF LAW/JURISDICTION 

This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. All
disputes under this Agreement shall be resolved by litigation in the appropriate federal or state
courts located in the State of Delaware and the Parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of
such courts, agree to accept service of process by mail, and hereby waive any jurisdictional or
venue defenses otherwise available to it in connection with such courts.

13. ATTORNEYS FEES 

In any litigation arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
payment of its reasonable attorneys fees and costs by the other party.

14. CHANGE OF CONTROL EVENT AND ASSIGNABILITY 

14.1 Change of Control Event . In the event of a Change of Control Event, any portion
of the Initial Royalty remaining unpaid as of the effective date of the Change of Control Event

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

11 

shall be paid within forty-five (45) calendar days of the effective date of the Change in
Control Event.

14.2 Assignment . Except in accordance with Section 14.2(i ), Licensee shall
not assign or attempt to assign in violation of this Section 14.2 (in whole or in part,
directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, including in connection with a merger,
reorganization or consolidation) this Agreement or the rights and obligations hereunder, including
without limitation the License, to any third party without the prior express written approval of
NetRatings. Except in accordance with Section 14.2(i ), any such attempt to so assign this
Agreement shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and automatically terminate, as of
the date of the attempted assignment Assignment Termination Date ), the Agreement, the License,
and all sublicenses which were granted by Licensee pursuant to Section 2.4 shall
immediately terminate as of the Assignment Termination Date.

(i) Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph of Section 14.2 , Licensee may assign
and/or attempt to assign this Agreement to a prospective Purchaser (so long as such Purchaser is
not comScore Networks, Inc.) in accordance with this Section 14.2(i and, in the event of
a Change of Control Event, assign this Agreement to the Purchaser in Licensee s sole discretion and
without the involvement of NetRatings provided that: (a) all obligations under this Agreement
shall become the obligations of the Purchaser, including the payment obligations of Licensee under
 Section 3.1(ii of this Agreement; (b) for purposes of calculating the payments required
under Section 3.1(ii of this Agreement, Licensee s Revenue shall be calculated based on
gross Licensed Products sales from the Distribution of Licensee s Products only and not on the
products and services of the Purchaser; (c) the License granted under this Agreement shall be
limited to the Licensed Products that have been commercially released by Licensee as of the
effective date of the Change in Control Event Original Versions" and those future versions of
such commercially released Licensed Products which are modifications, patches, enhancements and/or
upgrades Future Versions" from the Original Versions; (d) to the extent that any of the Licensed
Products are bundled with the Purchaser s products for sale at a single price, the License granted
under this Agreement shall only extend to the Licensed Products portion of such sales, and to the
extent there is any bundling of Licensed Products for sale at a single price with other products or
services provided by the Purchaser, the entire value received by Licensee or Purchaser from the
Distribution of such bundled products shall be used for purposes of calculating the payments
required under Section 3.1(ii of this Agreement; (e) Purchaser shall make the payments
required under Section 3.1(i of this Agreement, as provided in Section 14.1 of
this Agreement; and (f) NetRatings shall be deemed to have been granted a covenant not to sue NetRatings Covenant" by Licensee and Purchaser as of the effective date of the Change of Control
Event with respect to any of Licensee s patents and patent applications for products and/or
services within the Web Analytics Field in existence as of the effective date of the Change of
Control Event.

(ii) The NetRatings Covenant required under Section 14.2(i) of this Agreement (a)
shall be immediately effective as of the effective date of the Change of Control Event; (b) shall
give NetRatings and its customers full, world-wide immunity from any suit based on Licensee s
patents and/or patent applications with respect to NetRatings products

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

12 

and/or services within the Web Analytics Field; and (c) shall be transferable to any acquirer
of NetRatings to the extent of NetRatings products and/or services which had been commercially
released as of the effective date of the acquisition of NetRatings.

(iii) In the event of a Change of Control Event, if the assignment of this Agreement is not
made in accordance with Section 14.2(i ), all sublicenses granted to Licensee s customers in
accordance with Section 2.4 hereof prior to the Assignment Termination Date shall continue
but only with respect to the use by such customers of those Licensed Products which were already
sold or licensed to such customers as of the Assignment Termination Date Continued Customer
License ), and to ongoing maintenance of such Licensed Products which were already sold or licensed
to such customers as of the Assignment Termination Date provided that any such maintenance is
performed or provided to such customers of additional charge. The Continued Customer License shall
apply only to Licensed Products already in the possession of the applicable customer.

14.3 If Licensee acquires another company, the License granted herein shall not extend to any
products or services offered by the acquired company, or to any technology offered by the acquired
company to the extent that such technology infringes any of the NetRatings Patents.

14.4 The provisions of the Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of
the Parties hereto, their heirs, administrators, successors and assigns, but only to the extent
permitted under this Section 14 .

15. WAIVER 

No waiver by either Party of any default shall be deemed as a waiver of prior or subsequent
default of the same or other provisions of this Agreement.

16. SEVERABILITY 

If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other
term, clause or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed
the Agreement.

17. COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in counterparts, which, when assembled, shall be
considered a fully executed original of this Agreement.

18. SURVIVAL 

The following provisions shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement:
3.1(i), 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 12, 13, 16, 18, 19 and 20.

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

13 

19. NO ADMISSION 

This Agreement represents a resolution of disputed issues and claims between the Parties.
Nothing contained herein is, or is to be construed as, an admission or evidence of liability on the
part of either Party.

20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT 

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the Parties, and revokes and supersedes
all prior agreements between the Parties and is intended as a final expression of their agreement.
All negotiations and representations made prior to the execution of this Agreement shall be deemed
to have been integrated into the terms and conditions of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not
be modified or amended except in writing signed by the Parties hereto and specifically referring to
this Agreement.

21. EARLY LICENSEE FAVORABLE TREATMENT 

In addition to, and without limitation of, other consideration exchanged in this Agreement,
NetRatings has entered into this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein in
consideration of (i) the representations made by Licensee that the portion of the data collected by
Licensee s existing customers using a set of computer instructions downloaded to a client for the
purpose of collecting data (e.g., page tags) used as input to the Licensed Products was and, as of
the Effective Date, is less than ten percent (10 of the total data collected by all means and
used as input to the Licensed Products (ii) the Parties reaching a settlement of the Action in its
earliest stages; (iii) Licensee s status as an early licensee, and (iv) other strategic and
business considerations.

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have each caused
this Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized representative identified below.

NETRATINGS, INC. 
 
 VISUAL SCIENCES, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ William Pulver 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ James MacIntyre 

Print Name: William Pulver 
 
 Print Name: James MacIntyre 

Title: 
 
 CEO 

Title: Managing Member, CEO 

Date: 10/25/2005 
 
 Date: 10/25/2005 

NetRatings: ____ 

Licensee: _____ 

15 

SCHEDULE A 

NETRATINGS PATENTS 

Patent/Publication No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country 

5,675,510

Computer Use Meter and Analyzer

US 

6,115,680

Computer Use Meter and Analyzer

US 

AU0701813

Computer Use Meter and Analyzer

Australia 

BR9609217

Medidor E Analizador De Uso De Computador

Brazil 

CA2223919

Computer Use Meter and Analyzer

Canada 

EP0843946

Rechnerbenutzungsmesser Und Analysator

EP 

JP03317705

Japan 

MX193614

Mexico 

NO09705728

Maaler Og Analysator For Datamaskinbenyttelse

Norway 

WO9641495

Computer Use Meter and Analyzer

WO 

6,108,637

Content Display Monitor

US 

AU735285

Content Display Monitor

Australia 

CA2246746

Content Display Monitor

Canada 

CN1174316

Content Display Monitor

China 

CN1547123

Content Display Monitor

China 

CN1547124

Content Display Monitor

China 

CN1209891

Content Display Monitor

China 

DK870234

Overvaagning Af Fremvisning Af Indhold

Denmark 

EP0870234

Content Display Monitor

EP 

EP1130526

Content Transferring System

EP 

EP1168196

Content Transferring Method

EP 

DE69720186

Inhaltsanzeigemonitor

Germany 

ES2195170

Monitor De Exhibicion De Contenido

Spain 

US20040078292

Content Display Monitoring By A Processing System

US 

WO9810349

Content Display Monitor

WO 

5,796,952

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

US 

6,138,155

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

US 

6,643,696

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

US 

6,763,386

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction

US 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

16 

Patent/Publication No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country 

With A Network Resource Dounloaded From A Server

AU727170

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating Client Profiles And Resource Database

Australia 

BR9808033

Processo E Aparelho Para Rastreamento De
Interacao De Cliente Com Um Recurso De Rede E
Criacao De Perfis De Cliente E Recurso De Base
De Dados

Brazil 

CA2284530

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

Canada 

CN1251669

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

China 

EP1010116

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

EP 

IL131871

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

Israel 

JP2000514942

Japan 

KR341110

Korea 

NZ337756

Method and apparatus for tracking client
interaction with a network resource and creating
client profiles and resource database

New Zealand 

US20050114511

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With a Network Resource

US 

US20040221033

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

US 

WO9843380

Method And Apparatus For Tracking Client
Interaction With A Network Resource And Creating
Client Profiles And Resource Database

WO 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

17 

SCHEDULE B 

LICENSED PRODUCTS 

Products 

Visual Site Web Analytics Field 
Visual Workstation Web Analytics Field 
Visual Sensor Web Analytics Field 
Visual Repeater Web Analytics Field 
Visual Report Web Analytics Field 
Visual Load Web Analytics Field 
Visual Transform Web Analytics Field 
Visual Geography Web Analytics Field 
Visual Test Web Analytics Field 
Visual Server Web Analytics Field 
Visual Dashboard Web Analytics Field 
Visual Server Web Analytics Field

Services 

Managed Services Web Analytics Field 
 Consulting Services Web Analytics Field 
 Training Services Web Analytics Field

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

18 

EXHIBIT A 

STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL 
WITH PREJUDICE 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

19 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA 
NORFOLK DMSION 

NETRATINGS, INC.,

Civil Action No. 2:05-cv-349

Plaintiff,

Judge Rebecca Beach Smith

-against-

VISUAL SCIENCES, LLC,

Defendant.

STIPULATION AND ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 

The parties, Plaintiff NetRatings, Inc. NetRatings ), and Defendant Visual Sciences, LLC Visual Sciences ), by counsel, hereby stipulate that the above captioned action, and all claims
asserted therein, should be dismissed with prejudice as to all parties pursuant to
Rule 41(a)(1)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. It is further stipulated that each
party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees associated with the litigation of this action.
It is therefore: Ordered, that that this action, and all claims asserted therein, is dismissed
with prejudice as to all parties pursuant to Rule 41(a)(1)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure and that each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees associated with the
litigation of this action.

Date

JUDGE: 

United States District Court 

Eastern District of Virginia 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

20 

WE ASK FOR THIS:

By

Of counsel

Michael R. Katchmark (VSB: 40440) 
Brett A. Spain (VSB: 44567) 
Willcox Savage, P.C. 
One Commercial Place 
1800 Bank of America Center 
Norfolk, VA 23510 
(757) 628-5615 
(757) 628-5566 (facsimile)

Frederick L. Whitmer 
Seth H. Ostrow 
Arianna Frankl 
Brown Raysman Millstein 
Felder Steiner LLP, 
900 Third Avenue, 
New York, NY 10022 
(212) 895-2000 
(212) 895-2900 (facsimile)

Counsel for Netratings, Inc. 

By

Of counsel

Stephen E. Noona (VSB: 25367) 
Kristan B. Burch (VSB: 42640) 
Kaufman Canoles, P.C. 
150 W. Main Street 
Norfolk, VA 23510 
(757) 624-3000 
(757) 624-3169 (facsimile)

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

21 

Martin M. Zoltick 
Brian A. Tollefson 
Rothwell, Figg, Ernst Manbeck 
1425 K Street, N.W., Suite 800 
Washington D.C. 2005 
(202) 783-6040 
(202) 783-6031 (facsimile) 

Counsel for Visual Sciences, LLC 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

22 

EXHIBIT B 

WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION FOR NETRATINGS, INC. 

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

23 

EXHIBIT C 

ROYALTY STATEMENT 

Amount of Additional Royalty Payment for 2 : 

Licensee s Revenue for 2 : 

NON-DISTRIBUTOR/AFFILIATE REVENUE 

Licensee s Revenue 

from Licensed 
 
 Standard Product 

Licensed Product 
 
 Product 
 
 Price Per Unit 
 
 Number of Units 

Licensee s Standard Product Price Per Unit for Distribution to Non-Distributors/Affiliates is
based on Licensee s customary pricing policies and is an average per unit price for the identified
Licensed Product for the applicable period. 

DISTRIBUTOR/AFFILIATE REVENUE 

Licensee s 

Distributor/Affiliate 

Revenue from 
 
 Standard 
 
 Actual Average 

Licensed 
 
 Licensed 
 
 Product Price 
 
 Product Price Per 
 
 Number of 

Product 
 
 Product 
 
 Per Unit 
 
 Unit 
 
 Units 

Licensee s Standard Product Price Per Unit for Distribution to Non-Distributors/Affiliates is
based on Licensee s customary pricing policies and is an average per unit price for the identified
Licensed Product for the applicable period. 

Licensee s Actual Average Product Price Per Unit for Distribution to Distributors and Affiliates
is an average per unit price for the identified Licensed Product for the applicable period. 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

24 

EXHIBIT D 

PRESS RELEASE/STATEMENTS 

Visual Sciences, LLC today announced that it has amicably resolved a patent infringement lawsuit
instituted by NetRatings, Inc. against Visual Sciences. The lawsuit, which involved NetRatings 
patents and Visual Sciences products and services in the web analytics field, has been settled on
terms that are beneficial to both parties. Under the terms of the settlement, the parties agreed
to dismiss all pending legal claims and to enter into a licensing agreement granting Visual
Sciences worldwide rights under the NetRatings patents. We are pleased that we were able to bring
this matter to a successful conclusion and that Visual Sciences products and services are now
licensed under the NetRatings patent portfolio stated Jim McIntyre, CEO of Visual Sciences.
Other details of the settlement are confidential. Neither company admitted any liability in
settling the lawsuit. 

Visual Sciences and NetRatings have resolved the dispute related to the alleged infringement of
NetRatings patent portfolio by Visual Sciences products and services. 

The making, use and distribution of Visual Sciences Web analytics products have been licensed
under the NetRatings Web analytics related patents which were asserted by NetRatings as covering
Visual Sciences products and services. 

Visual Sciences customers are protected from patent infringement suit by NetRatings under the
licensed NetRatings patents in regard to their use of Visual Sciences Web analytics products and
services, which are now licensed. 

Visual Sciences becomes the first Web analytics vendor to license certain NetRatings Web analytics
related patents for use with its products and services. 

The agreement includes a global settlement of the patent infringement lawsuit brought by
NetRatings against Visual Sciences 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

25 

EXHIBIT E 

VISUAL SCIENCES FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Period 
 
 Revenue 

Q3 2004

Q4 2004

Q1 2005

Q2 2005

This information has been omitted pursuant to a request
for confidential treatment under 24b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and has been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

NetRatings: 

Licensee: 

26 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 13
 v37326exv10w27.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.27

EXHIBIT 10.27

 PATENT CROSS-LICENSE AGREEMENT

 This PATENT CROSS-LICENSE AGREEMENT is entered into by and between
WebSideStory, Inc. ("WSS"), a Delaware corporation, having its principal place
of business at 10182 Telesis Court, San Diego, CA 92121, and NetIQ Corporation
("NETIQ"), a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at 3553
North First Street, San Jose CA 95134, and is effective as of the 12th day of
December 2003 (the "AGREEMENT DATE").

 AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual promises set forth in this agreement, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, and intending to be bound, the
parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

 1.1 As used in this Agreement, the term "NETIQ LICENSED PATENTS" shall
mean all Patents issued or issuing on patent applications filed on or prior to
the Effective Date, or filed subsequent thereto but receiving, or entitled to
receive, the benefit of a filing date on or prior to the Effective Date, and as
to which NetIQ has the right at any time during the term of the Agreement to
grant licenses or releases of the scope or within the scope of the licenses and
releases granted in the Agreement. If the grant or exercise of rights under a
Patent that would otherwise be a Licensed Patent requires or results in the
payment of a royalty or penalty or other consideration by the grantor to another
(except for payments for inventions made by such other while employed by the
grantor), then that Patent shall not be a Licensed Patent until and unless WSS
or its affected Subsidiary undertakes to reimburse the grantor for the payment
so made.

 1.2 As used in this Agreement, the term "WSS LICENSED PATENTS" shall
mean all Patents issued or issuing on patent applications filed on or prior to
the Effective Date, or filed subsequent thereto but receiving, or entitled to
receive, the benefit of a filing date on or prior to the Effective Date, and as
to which WSS has the right at any time during the term of the Agreement to grant
licenses or releases of the scope or within the scope of the licenses and
releases granted in the Agreement. If the grant or exercise of rights under a
Patent that would otherwise be a Licensed Patent requires or results in the
payment of a royalty or penalty or other consideration by a grantor to another
(except for payments for inventions made by such other while employed by the
grantor), then that Patent shall not be a Licensed Patent until and unless NetIQ
or its affected Subsidiary undertakes to reimburse the grantor for the payment
so made.

 1.3 As used in this Agreement, the term "NETIQ LICENSED PRODUCTS" shall
mean any products or services of NetIQ or its Subsidiaries relating to the web
analytics market, including, but not limited to WebTrends Reporting Service,
WebTrends Reporting Center, WebTrends Intelligence Suite, and WebTrendsLive.

 1.4 As used in this Agreement, the term "WSS LICENSED PRODUCTS" shall
mean any products or services of WSS or its Subsidiaries relating to the web
analytics market, including, but not limited to HitBox Enterprise, HitBox
Professional, and HitBox Commerce.

CERTAIN MATERIAL (INDICATED BY AN ASTERISK) HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT
PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT. THE OMITTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.

1.5 As used in this Agreement, the term "LICENSED PRODUCTS" shall mean
the NetIQ Licensed Products or the WSS Licensed Products, as the case may be.

 1.6 As used in this Agreement, the term "PARTY" shall mean WSS or NetIQ,
as the case may be.

 1.7 As used in this Agreement, the term "PATENTS" shall mean all classes
or types of patents other than design patents (including, without limitation,
originals, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, extensions or
reissues) in all countries of the world.

 1.8 As used in this Agreement, the term "RESTRICTED PARTY" shall mean
the entities listed on Exhibit A, and their respective successors and assigns.

 1.9 As used in this Agreement, the term "SUBSIDIARY" shall mean any
corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability or other entity, now
or hereafter, in which a Party:

 (a) owns or controls (either directly or indirectly) or originally
 contributed (either directly or indirectly) at least fifty percent
 (50 of the tangible and intangible assets of such entity; and

 (b) owns or controls (either directly or indirectly) either of the
 following:

 (1) if such entity has voting shares or other securities, at least
 fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares or securities
 entitled to vote for the election of directors or similar
 managing authority and such entity is under no obligation
 (contractual or otherwise) to directly or indirectly
 distribute more than seventy percent (70 of its profits to a
 third party, or

 (2) if such entity does not have voting shares or other
 securities, at least fifty percent (50 of the ownership
 interest that represents the right to make decisions for such
 entity and an interest sufficient to receive at least thirty
 percent (30 of the profits and/or losses of such entity.

 (c) An entity shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary under the Agreement
 only so long as all requisite conditions of being a Subsidiary are
 met.

 1.8 As used in this Agreement, the term "EFFECTIVE DATE" means the date
upon which NetIQ pays WSS the License Fee.

2. MUTUAL RELEASES.

 2.1 By NetIQ. As of the Effective Date, each of NetIQ and its
Subsidiaries hereby releases, acquits and forever discharges WSS and its
Subsidiaries that are Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date or that become
Subsidiaries during the term of the Agreement, and its and their officers,
directors, shareholders, distributors and customers, direct and indirect, from
any and all claims or liability for infringement (direct, indirect or
contributory) of any NetIQ Licensed Patent that arose prior to the Effective
Date, to the extent such infringement would have been

 2

licensed under the license granted to the licensed Party if such license had
been in existence at the time of such infringing activity. The foregoing release
shall in no event extend to Restricted Parties or the products or services of
Restricted Parties.

 2.2 By WSS. As of the Effective Date, each of WSS and its Subsidiaries
hereby releases, acquits and forever discharges NetIQ and its Subsidiaries that
are Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date or that become Subsidiaries during the
term of the Agreement, and its and their officers, directors, shareholders,
distributors and customers, direct and indirect, from any and all claims or
liability for infringement (direct, indirect or contributory) of any WSS
Licensed Patent that arose prior to the Effective Date, to the extent such
infringement would have been licensed under the license granted to the licensed
Party if such license had been in existence at the time of such infringing
activity. The foregoing release shall in no event extend to Restricted Parties
or the products or services of Restricted Parties.

3. LICENSES.

 3.1 NetIQ License to WSS. Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement and on the Effective Date, NetIQ hereby grants to WSS and its
Subsidiaries, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in Section 8
with respect to assignment), worldwide, royalty-free license, without the right
to sublicense, under the NetIQ Licensed Patents, to:

 (a) make, use, sell (directly or indirectly), offer to sell, import and
 otherwise dispose of all WSS Licensed Products, including through
 original equipment manufacturers and value added resellers, who are
 not Restricted Parties and who co-brand or private label the WSS
 Licensed Products; and

 (b) make, have made, use and/or import any equipment and practice any
 method or process for the manufacture, use and/or sale of WSS
 Licensed Products; and

 (c) have made WSS Licensed Products by another manufacturer for supply
 solely to the licensed party for use, import, sale, offer for sale
 or disposition by the licensed party pursuant to the license granted
 above in Section 3.1(a), above.

 3.2 WSS License to NetIQ. Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement and on the Effective Date, WSS hereby grants to NetIQ and its
Subsidiaries, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in Section 8
with respect to assignment), worldwide, royalty-free license, without the right
to sublicense, under the WSS Licensed Patents, to:

 (a) make, use, sell (directly or indirectly), offer to sell, import and
 otherwise dispose of all NetIQ Licensed Products, including through
 original equipment manufacturers and value added resellers, who are
 not Restricted Parties and who co-brand or private label the NetIQ
 Licensed Products; and

 (b) make, have made, use and/or import any equipment and practice any
 method or process for the manufacture, use and/or sale of NetIQ
 Licensed Products; and

 3

(c) have made NetIQ Licensed Products by another manufacturer for supply
 solely to the licensed party for use, import, sale, offer for sale
 or disposition by the licensed party pursuant to the license granted
 above in Section 3.2(a), above.

 3.3 License Term. The term of each license granted hereunder shall be
the life of the affected Patent. The term of the Agreement shall continue until
the last to expire of the Licensed Patents.

4. PAYMENT.

 Within two (2) business days of the Agreement Date, [ ] will wire to
[ ] the sum of [ ] (the "LICENSE PAYMENT") using the following wire
instructions:

[ ]

Checking Account Name: [ ]
Routing Number: [ ]
Account Number: [ ]
Swift Code: [ ]

5. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT AND CONFIDENTIALITY.

 On or promptly after the Effective Date, the parties will issue a press
release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Parties shall maintain the terms and conditions of this Agreement in
confidence and shall not disclose them to any third party, except (a) with the
prior written consent of the other Party; (b) as may be required by law or legal
process; (c) to its attorneys, accountants and professional advisors; and (d) to
potential acquiring parties and other permitted assignees under Section 8.1 and
subject to a reasonable form of non-disclosure agreement.

6. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS.

 6.1 NetIQ Warranty. NetIQ represents and warrants that: (i) the person
signing this agreement on behalf of NetIQ has been duly authorized to do so by
all necessary corporate or other required action and has the power and authority
to execute this agreement on NetIQ's behalf; (ii) the obligations described in
this agreement are legal, valid, and binding obligations of NetIQ enforceable
against it in accordance with the terms set forth in this agreement, except as
the same may be limited by (a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors' rights and (b) general principles of equity that
restrict the availability of equitable remedies; and (iii) NetIQ is not
restricted or prohibited, contractually or otherwise, from entering into and
performing any of the terms or covenants contained in this agreement.

 6.2 WSS Warranty. WSS represents and warrants that: (i) the person
signing this agreement on behalf of WSS has been duly authorized to do so by all
necessary corporate or other required action and has the power and authority to
execute this agreement on WSS' behalf;

 Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with
the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions.

 4

(ii) the obligations described in this Agreement are legal, valid, and binding
obligations of WSS enforceable against it in accordance with the terms set forth
in this Agreement, except as the same may be limited by (a) applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights and (b) general
principles of equity that restrict the availability of equitable remedies; and
(iii) WSS is not restricted or prohibited, contractually or otherwise, from
entering into and performing any of the terms or covenants contained in this
Agreement.

 6.3 Disclaimers of Other Warranties. Except as provided in Section 6.1
and 6.2 above, neither Party makes any representations or extends any warranties
of any kind, either express or implied, or assumes any responsibilities
whatsoever with respect to the manufacture, sale or other disposition by the
other Party, its Subsidiaries, vendees or transferees, of Licensed Products
incorporating or making use of inventions claimed in such Party's Patents.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing contained in the
Agreement shall be construed as:

 (a) a warranty or representation by either of the Parties as to the
 validity, enforceability or scope of any Patent;

 (b) a warranty or representation that any manufacture, sale, lease, use
 or other disposition of Licensed Products will be free from
 infringement of any patent rights or other intellectual property
 rights of either Party or any third party;

 (c) an agreement to bring or prosecute actions or suits against third
 parties for infringement or conferring any right to bring or
 prosecute actions or suits against third parties for infringement;

 (d) conferring any right to use in advertising, publicity, or otherwise,
 any trademark, trade name or names, or any contraction, abbreviation
 or simulation thereof, of either party;

 (e) conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, upon any party
 licensed hereunder, any license or other right under any patents,
 copyright, maskwork, trade secret, trademark other intellectual
 property right except the licenses and rights expressly granted
 hereunder; or

 (f) an obligation to furnish any technical information or know-how.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE
OTHER PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FOR ANY
CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER. Consequential, incidental,
and indirect damages include, but are not limited to, lost profits, lost
revenue, and loss of business opportunity, whether or not such Party was aware
or should have been aware of the possibility of these damages.

8. ASSIGNMENT.

 5

8.1 Neither Party may assign to another party this Agreement, or any
rights or obligations under the Agreement, whether by operation of contract, law
or otherwise, except (a) with the express written consent of the other Party, or
(b) in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale to a third party of
substantially all of a Party's assets to which this Agreement relates, and
subject, in each case, to such assignee's written agreement to be bound to the
terms of the Agreement. Any attempted assignment by a Party in violation of this
prohibition shall be void. In the event of a prohibited assignment or attempted
assignment by a Party under this Section 8.1, the other Party shall have the
right to immediately terminate this Agreement. In the event of a permitted
assignment under this Section 8.1, the licenses granted under the Agreement
shall only extend to the Licensed Products marketed or under development by the
assigning Party at the time of the assignment and derivatives thereof.

 8.2 Irrespective of Section 8.1, neither Party may assign to a
Restricted Party this Agreement or any of the licenses granted hereunder,
whether by operation of contract, law or otherwise, except with the express
written consent of the other Party. For purposes of the Agreement, an
"assignment" to a Restricted Party shall be deemed to include, without
limitation, attempted assignments or transfers pursuant to any of the following:
(a) a merger of a Party with a Restricted Party, whether or not the Party is the
surviving entity; (b) the acquisition of more than twenty percent (20 of any
class of a Party's voting stock (or any class of non-voting security convertible
into voting stock) by a Restricted Party (whether in a single transaction or
series of transactions); (c) the sale or other transfer of more than fifty
percent (50 of a Party's assets (whether in a single transaction or series of
transactions) to a Restricted Party; and (d) the acquisition of a Restricted
Party or more than fifty percent (50 of its assets, including where the
Restricted Party would otherwise be a Subsidiary (each a "Restricted Party
Transaction"). In the event of a Restricted Party Transaction the licenses
granted under the Agreement shall only extend to the Licensed Products marketed
or under development by the assigning Party at the time of the assignment and
derivatives thereof.

 8.3 Any license or release granted by a Party in respect of a Licensed
Patent shall be binding on any successor of that Party in ownership or control
of the Licensed Patent.

9. MISCELLANEOUS.

 9.1 Notices. All notices or other communications to be given hereunder
shall be in writing and delivered either by telecopy (confirmation by US mail)
or by next or second-day courier, courier charges prepaid, and addressed to the
appropriate party as set forth below.

 If to Licensor: WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, 6th Floor
 San Diego, CA 92121
 Attn: Office of the CEO
 Facsimile: 858-546-0695

 If to Licensee: NetIQ Corporation
 3553 N. First St.
 San Jose, CA 95134
 Attn: General Counsel
 Facsimile: 408-856-3777

 6

Notices delivered personally shall be effective upon delivery and notices
delivered by private courier shall be effective upon their receipt by the party
to whom they are addressed.

 9.2 Severability and Construction. If any provision of this agreement
shall be held illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be limited or
eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall
otherwise remain in full force and effect and be enforceable. This Agreement has
been negotiated between the Parties and neither Party shall be deemed the
"drafter" for purposes of the construction and interpretation of this Agreement.
The captions used in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference
only and shall be ignored in the construction and interpretation of this
Agreement.

 9.3 Waiver. A waiver by either Party of its rights hereunder shall not
be binding unless contained in a writing signed by an authorized representative
of the Party waiving its rights, and such waiver shall not be construed as a
waiver of any other rights hereunder. The nonenforcement or waiver of any
provision on one occasion shall not constitute a waiver of such provision on any
other occasion unless expressly so agreed in writing.

 9.4 Counterparts. This agreement may be executed in any number of
original or facsimile counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute one agreement. This agreement shall
become effective when each Party shall have received a faxed counterpart
executed by the other Party.

 9.5 Independent Contractors. Each Party hereto shall be and remain an
independent contractor, and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute the
Parties as partners. Neither party shall have any authority to act, or attempt
to act, or represent itself, directly or by implication, as an agent of the
other or in any manner assume or create, or attempt to assume or create, any
obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other, nor shall either be deemed
the agent or employee of the other.

 9.6 Governing Law. This agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the federal
laws of the United States, without regard to conflict of laws.

 9.7 Entire Agreement. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof, and no prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communication shall be a part of the Parties'
agreement. This agreement may not be modified except by a writing signed by an
authorized representative of each Party.

 9.8 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be responsible for delays or
failure of performance resulting from acts beyond the reasonable control of such
party. Such acts shall include, without limitation, acts of God, strikes,
walkouts, riots, acts of war, terrorism, epidemics or governmental regulations.

 9.9 Attorneys' Fees and Costs. The prevailing party in any mediation,
arbitration, litigation, or other proceeding related to or arising out of this
Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this agreement to be executed
as of the date first written above by their duly authorized officers.

 7

NETIQ CORPORATION WEBSIDESTORY, INC.
("NetIQ") ("WSS")

By: /s/ Charles M. Boesenber By: /s/ Jeffrey W. Lunsford
 -------------------------------- -----------------------------
Print Name: Charles M. Boesenber Print Name: Jeffrey W. Lunsford

Title: CEO and Chairman of the Board Title: Chairman & CEO

 8

EXHIBIT A

 Restricted Parties

[ ]

 Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with
the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions.

 9

EXHIBIT B

 Press Release

 [attached]

 10
 
DRAFT: FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
Contact: ERIK BRATT
 WebSideStory, Inc.
 Voice: (858) 546-0040, ext. 365
 Email: wsspress@websidestory.com

 ANNE LINDBERG
 NetIQ Corporation
 Voice: (503) 553-2568
 Email: anne.lindberg@netiq.com

 NETIQ AND WEBSIDESTORY SIGN CROSS-LICENSING
 AGREEMENT FOR WEB ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGIES

SAN DIEGO, CA (Dec. 16, 2003) -- NetIQ Corp. (Nasdaq: NTIQ) (www.netiq.com), the
leading software vendor in Web analytics, and WebSideStory, Inc.
(www.websidestory.com), the leading application service provider in Web
analytics, today announced they have signed a far-reaching cross-license
agreement. Under the agreement, NetIQ will have certain rights to WebSideStory's
U.S. Patent No. 6,393,479, and WebSideStory will have certain rights to NetIQ's
U.S. Patent No. 6,112,238. Additional details of the agreement were not
disclosed.

ABOUT NETIQ

Founded in 1995, NetIQ Corp. (Nasdaq: NTIQ) is a leading provider of Systems &
Security Management and Web Analytics solutions. Historically focused on the
Windows management market, NetIQ now delivers cross-platform solutions that
enhance business performance resulting in higher returns on infrastructure and
Web investments. NetIQ products are sold across all continents directly and
through a network of authorized NetIQ partners and resellers. The company is
headquartered in San Jose, Calif., with development and operational personnel in
Houston, Texas; Raleigh, N.C.; Bellevue, Wash.; Auckland, New Zealand and
Portland, Ore. For more information, please visit NetIQ's Web site at
www.netiq.com, or call (888) 323-6768.

ABOUT WEBSIDESTORY

Founded in 1996 and backed by prominent venture capital firms Summit Partners
and TA Associates, WebSideStory is the creator of HitBox, the standard for
online marketing analytics and optimization. HitBox services provide actionable,
real-time information about online visitor and customer behavior. More than 450
enterprise-class businesses rely on HitBox technology to sell more products and
services, increase online lead generation, boost advertising revenue, and
enhance online customer support. The company also has more than 3,000 small and
mid-sized clients. Several prominent analyst firms have recognized WebSideStory
as the No. 1 Web analytics ASP by revenue. For more information, contact
WebSideStory, Inc. Voice: 858.546.0040. Fax: 858.546.0480. Address: 10182
Telesis Court, 6th Floor, San Diego, CA 92121. E-mail: wsspress@websidestory.com
Web: www.HitBox.com or www.WebSideStory.com.

NetIQ is registered trademark in the United States and certain other
jurisdictions. WebSideStory and HitBox are registered service marks of
WebSideStory, Inc. Other trademarks belong to their respective owners.

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28A>
 14
 v37326exv10w28a.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.28A

EXHIBIT 10.28A

SEAVIEW CORPORATE CENTER, PHASE II
 OFFICE LEASE

 LANDLORD:

 LNR SEAVIEW, INC.,
 A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION

 TENANT:

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION

SUMMARY OF BASIC LEASE INFORMATION AND DEFINITIONS

This SUMMARY OF BASIC LEASE INFORMATION AND DEFINITIONS ("SUMMARY") is hereby
incorporated into and made a part of the attached Office Lease which pertains to
the Building described in Section 1.4 below. All references in the Lease to the
"Lease" shall include this Summary. All references in the Lease to any term
defined in this Summary shall have the meaning set forth in this Summary for
such term. Any initially capitalized terms used in this Summary and any
initially capitalized terms in the Lease which are not otherwise defined in this
Summary shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Lease. If there is any
inconsistency between the Summary and the Lease, the provisions of the Lease
shall control.

1.1 LANDLORD'S ADDRESS: Lennar Partners
 18401 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 540
 Irvine, California 92612
 Attn: Asset Manager
 Telephone: (949) 442-6100
 Facsimile: (949) 442-6175

 with a copy to:

 The Muller Company
 23521 Paseo de Valencia, Suite 200
 Laguna Hills, California 92653
 Attn: Mr. Stephen J. Muller
 Telephone: (949) 460-5380
 Facsimile: (949) 586-0470

1.2 TENANT'S ADDRESS: Before Commencement Date:

 WebSideStory, Inc.
 6450 Lusk Blvd., E 205
 San Diego, California 92121
 Attn: Chief Financial Officer
 Telephone: (619) 546-0040
 Facsimile: (619) 546-0480

 After Commencement Date:

 WebSideStory, Inc.
 10182 Telesis Court, Suite 600
 San Diego, California 92121
 Attn: Chief Financial Officer
 Telephone: (619) 546-0040
 Facsimile: (619) 546-0480

With a copy to: The Irving Hughes Group, Inc.
 501 W. Broadway, Suite 2020
 San Diego, CA 92101
 Attn: Mr. David B. Marino
 Telephone: (619) 238-4393
 Facsimile: (619) 238-1025

1.3 SITE; PROJECT: The Site consists of the parcel(s) of real property
 located in the City of San Diego, County of San Diego, State of
 California, as shown on the site plan attached hereto as Exhibit "A".
 The Project includes the Site and all buildings, improvements and
 facilities, now or subsequently located on the Site from time to time,
 including, without limitation, the currently existing five (5) story
 office building located at 10180 Telesis Court containing 93,232
 rentable square feet, the two (2) story office building located at 10190
 Telesis Court containing 12,780 rentable square feet and the parking
 structure located at 10184 Telesis Court containing 1,354 rentable
 square feet (the "OTHER BUILDINGS") and the Building (defined below), as
 depicted on the site plan attached hereto as Exhibit "A". The aggregate
 rentable square feet of the Building and the Other Buildings is
 currently 230,164 rentable square feet.

1.4 BUILDING: A six (6) story office building located on the Site,
 containing 122,798 rentable square feet, the address of which is 10182
 Telesis Court, San Diego, California 92121.

1.5 PREMISES: Initially, those certain premises known as Suite(s) 500 and
 600 as generally shown on the floor plan attached hereto as Exhibit "B",
 located on the fifth (5th) and sixth (6th) floors of the

-i-

Building, and containing 21,260 rentable square feet (20,015 usable
 square feet) on the fifth (5th) floor and 18,599 rentable square feet
 (17,420 usable square feet) on the sixth (6th) floor, for a total of
 39,859 rentable square feet (37,435 usable square feet), together with
 the patio area located on the sixth (6th) floor of the Building (the
 "PATIO"). Commencing upon the Fourth Floor Delivery Date (as defined in
 Section 1.4 of the Lease), the Premises shall also include Suite 400 as
 generally shown on the floor plan attached hereto as Exhibit "B" located
 on the fourth (4th) floor of the Building, and containing 21,352
 rentable square feet (20,105 usable square feet) resulting in a total of
 61,211 rentable square feet (57,540 usable square feet). Although the
 Patio is a portion of the Premises, the area of the Patio shall not be
 considered for purposes of determining the rentable or usable square
 footage of the Premises.

1.6 TERM: Eighty-Four (84) months, subject to extension pursuant to Section
 36.

1.7 ESTIMATED COMMENCEMENT DATE: January 10, 2000; COMMENCEMENT DATE: The
 earlier to occur of (i) January 10, 2000 or (ii) the date Tenant
 commences business operations in the Premises. The January 10, 2000 date
 referenced in clause (i) above (the "TARGET DATE") is subject to
 extension pursuant to Section 5.2 of Exhibit "C" attached hereto.

1.8 MONTHLY BASIC RENT: Upon the commencement of the Term of this Lease, and
 on the first day of each month thereafter during the Term of this Lease,
 Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in advance and without offset, deduction
 or demand as Monthly Basic Rent for the Premises the following monthly
 payments:

(a) Monthly Basic Rent for the initial Premises (i.e., the 5th and 6th
 Floors).

Months of Term Monthly Basic Rent
 -------------- ------------------
 
 1-4 48,750.00 
 5-8 58,500.00 
 9-12 77,725.05
 13-24 80,445.43
 25-36 83,261.02
 37-48 86,175.16
 49-60 89,191.29
 61-72 92,312.99
 73-84 95,543.94

Including any partial month at the beginning of the Term if the
 Commencement Date is not the first (1st) day of the month.

 Calculated on the basis of 25,000 rentable square feet only.

 Calculated on the basis of 30,000 rentable square feet only.

(b) Monthly Basic Rent for Suite 400:

Months of Term Monthly Basic Rent
 -------------- ------------------
 
 Fourth Floor Commencement 41,636.40
 Date - 12
 13-24 43,093.67
 25-36 44,601.95
 37-48 46,163.02
 49-60 47,778.73
 61-72 49,450.99
 73-84 51,181.77

1.9 TENANT'S PERCENTAGE: 26.6 . Tenant's Percentage is subject to adjustment
 in accordance with Section 1.3 and 4.4(g) of the Lease.

1.10 BASE YEAR: Calendar year 2000

1.11 SECURITY DEPOSIT: 119,361.45, plus a letter of credit in the original
 amount of 360,000.00. See Section 5 of the Lease.

1.12 PERMITTED USE: General office uses and, to the extent legally
 permissible, research and development, and any other legally permissible
 uses, consistent with a first-class office building; provided, however,
 in no event may Tenant use the Premises for retail or restaurant
 purposes.

1.13 BROKERS: Colliers International representing Landlord.
 The Irving Hughes Group, Inc. representing Tenant.

-ii-

1.14 INTEREST RATE: The lesser of: (a) the rate announced from time to time
 by Wells Fargo Bank or, if Wells Fargo Bank ceases to exist or ceases to
 publish such rate, then the rate announced from time to time by the
 largest (as measured by deposits) chartered bank operating in
 California, as its "prime rate" or "reference rate", plus two percent
 (2 ); or (b) the maximum rate permitted by law.

1.15 TENANT IMPROVEMENTS: The tenant improvements installed or to be
 installed in the Premises as described in the Work Letter Agreement
 attached hereto as Exhibit "C".

1.16 PARKING: A total of 4.3 unreserved parking spaces per 1000 usable square
 feet of floor area of the Premises at no charge during the Term
 (including any Option Term), subject, however, to the payment of Direct
 Expenses attributable to the parking areas and to the provisions set
 forth in Section 6.2. Tenant shall be entitled to designate up to five
 (5) parking spaces for Tenant's exclusive use in locations designated by
 Landlord, in reasonable proximity to the Building, reasonably acceptable
 to Tenant. If Landlord grants to any other tenant of the Building the
 right to designate exclusive parking spaces at a ratio of exclusive
 spaces to non-exclusive spaces that is higher than the ratio of Tenant's
 exclusive spaces to non-exclusive spaces, then Landlord shall increase
 Tenant's exclusive spaces to equal such higher ratio.

1.17 BUSINESS HOURS FOR THE BUILDING. 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., Mondays through
 Fridays (except Building Holidays) and 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on
 Saturdays (except Building Holidays). "BUILDING HOLIDAYS" shall mean New
 Year's Day, Labor Day, Presidents' Day, Thanksgiving Day, Memorial Day,
 Independence Day and Christmas Day and such other national holidays as
 are adopted by Landlord as holidays for the Building. Notwithstanding
 the Business Hours, Tenant shall be entitled to have access to the
 Premises on a seven (7) day per week, twenty-four (24) hour per day
 basis, subject, however, to the terms of the Lease.

-iii-

STANDARD FORM OFFICE LEASE

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION TITLE PAGE
- ------- ----- ----
 
1 Premises ....................................................................... 1
2 Term ........................................................................... 1
3 Rent ........................................................................... 2
4 Common Areas; Direct Expenses .................................................. 2
5 Security Deposit ............................................................... 7
6 Use ............................................................................ 8
7 Payments and Notices ...........................................................11
8 Brokers ........................................................................11
9 Surrender; Holding Over ........................................................11
10 Taxes on Tenants Property ......................................................12
11 Condition of Premises; Repairs .................................................12
12 Alterations ....................................................................13
13 Liens ..........................................................................15
14 Assignment and Subletting ......................................................15
15 Entry by Landlord ..............................................................17
16 Utilities and Services .........................................................18
17 Indemnification and Exculpation ................................................19
18 Damage or Destruction ..........................................................20
19 Eminent Domain .................................................................21
20 Tenant's Insurance .............................................................21
21 Landlord's insurance ...........................................................22
22 Waiver of Claims; Waiver of Subrogation.........................................23
23 Tenant's Default and Landlord's Remedies........................................23
24 Landlord's Default..............................................................25
25 Subordination...................................................................25
26 Estoppel Certificate............................................................26
27 Intentionally Omitted...........................................................26
28 Modification and Cure Rights of Landlord's Mortgagees and Lessors...............26
29 Quiet Enjoyment.................................................................26
30 Transfer of Landlord's Interest.................................................26
31 Limitation on Landlord's Liability..............................................26
32 Miscellaneous...................................................................27
33 Lease Execution.................................................................28
34 Right of First Refusal..........................................................29
35 Temporary Space.................................................................30
36 Option Term.....................................................................30

EXHIBITS
 --------

 EXHIBIT "A" Site Plan
 EXHIBIT "B" Floor Plan
 EXHIBIT "C" Work Letter Agreement
 EXHIBIT "D" Sample Form of Notice of Lease Term Dates
 EXHIBIT "E" Rules and Regulations
 EXHIBIT "F" Sample Form of Tenant Estoppel Certificate

-iv-

INDEX OF MAJOR DEFINED TERMS

LOCATION OF DEFINITION
DEFINED TERMS IN OFFICE LEASE
- ------------- ----------------------
 
Abandonment ......................................................... 23
Abatement Event ..................................................... 18
ADA ................................................................. 9
Applicable Reassessment ............................................. 7
Approved Working Drawings ........................................... 4
Architect ........................................................... Exhibit C
Base Year ........................................................... 3
Base, Shell, and Core ............................................... Exhibit C
BOMA Standard ....................................................... 1
Brokers ............................................................. ii
Building ............................................................ i
Building Common Areas ............................................... 2
Building Holidays ................................................... iii
Capital Items ....................................................... 4
Cash Security Deposit ............................................... 7
Code ................................................................ Exhibit C
Commencement Date ................................................... ii
Common Areas ........................................................ 2
Comparable Buildings ................................................ 31
Construction Drawings ............................................... Exhibit C
Cost Pools .......................................................... 4
days ................................................................ 27
Delay Notice ........................................................ Exhibit C
Direct Expenses ..................................................... 3
Draw Request ........................................................ Exhibit C
Election Date ....................................................... 29
Eligibility Period .................................................. 19
Engineer ............................................................ 3
Essential Services .................................................. 19
Estimate ............................................................ 6
Estimate Statement .................................................. 6
Estimated Commencement Date ......................................... ii
Estimated Excess .................................................... 6
Estimated Utilities Costs ........................................... 6
Evidence of Completion .............................................. Exhibit C
Excess .............................................................. 6
Expense Year ........................................................ 3
Extension Option .................................................... 30
Fair Market Rental Rate ............................................. 30
Final Costs ......................................................... Exhibit C
Final Space Plan .................................................... Exhibit C
Final Working Drawings .............................................. Exhibit C
First Refusal Notice ................................................ 29
First Refusal Space ................................................. 29
Force Majeure Delays ................................................ 28
Fourth Floor Commencement Date ...................................... 1
Fourth Floor Delivery Date .......................................... 1
Hazardous Materials ................................................. 10, 11
HVAC ................................................................ 13
Indemnified Claims .................................................. 19
Landlord ............................................................ 1
Landlord Caused Delay ............................................... Exhibit C
Landlord Indemnified Parties ........................................ 10
Landlord's Rate ..................................................... Exhibit C
Lease ............................................................... 1
Letter of Credit .................................................... 8
Monthly Basic Rent .................................................. ii
MPE Subcontractors .................................................. 3
number of days ...................................................... Exhibit C
Operating Expenses .................................................. 3
Option Rent Notice .................................................. 30
Option Term ......................................................... 30
Original Tenant ..................................................... 10
Other Buildings ..................................................... i
Outside Agreement Date .............................................. 30
Patio ............................................................... ii
PCBs ................................................................ 11

-v-

Permit Delay..........................................................................Exhibit C
Permits...............................................................................Exhibit C
Permitted Transfer...........................................................................16
Permitted Use................................................................................ii
Pre-Approved Change..........................................................................13
Premises......................................................................................i
Project.......................................................................................i
Project Common Areas..........................................................................2
Proposition 13................................................................................5
Proposition 13 Protection Amount..............................................................7
Proposition 13 Purchase Price.................................................................7
Reassessment..................................................................................6
rent..........................................................................................2
rentable area.................................................................................1
rentable square footage.......................................................................1
Retention.............................................................................Exhibit C
Security Deposit.............................................................................ii
Site..........................................................................................i
Special Sublease.............................................................................16
Specifications........................................................................Exhibit C
Standard Improvement Package..........................................................Exhibit C
Statement.....................................................................................6
Substantial Completion................................................................Exhibit C
Summary.......................................................................................1
Superior Leases..............................................................................29
Superior Rights..............................................................................29
Target Date..................................................................................ii
Tax Expenses..................................................................................5
Tax Increase..................................................................................6
Temporary Space..............................................................................30
Temporary Space Term.........................................................................30
Tenant........................................................................................1
Tenant Changes...............................................................................13
Tenant Improvement Allowance..........................................................Exhibit C
Tenant Improvement Allowance Items....................................................Exhibit C
Tenant Improvements...................................................................Exhibit C
Tenant Parties...............................................................................19
Tenant's Agents.......................................................................Exhibit C
Tenant's Election Notice.....................................................................29
Tenant's Parties.............................................................................10
Tenant's Percentage..........................................................................ii
Tenant's Proposed Terms......................................................................29
Tenant's Signage.............................................................................10
Term.........................................................................................ii
Terms........................................................................................29
Transfer.....................................................................................15
Transfer Notice..............................................................................16
Transferee...................................................................................16
Unavoidable Delay.....................................................................Exhibit C
usable area...................................................................................1
usable square footage.........................................................................1
Utilities Costs...............................................................................5
Work Letter Agreement.................................................................Exhibit C
worth at the time of award...................................................................24

-vi-

OFFICE LEASE

This LEASE, which includes the preceding Summary of Basic Lease Information and
Definitions ("Summary") attached hereto and incorporated herein by this
reference ("Lease"), is made as of the 23 day of August, 1999, by and between
LNR SEAVIEW, INC., a California corporation ("Landlord"), and WEBSIDESTORY, INC.
a California corporation ("Tenant"),

1. PREMISES.

1.1 PREMISES. Landlord hereby leases to Tenant, and Tenant hereby leases
from Landlord, the Premises described in Section 1.5 of the Summary above,
improved or to be improved with the Tenant Improvements. Such lease is upon, and
subject to, the terms, covenants and conditions herein set forth and each party
covenants, as a material part of the consideration for this Lease, to keep and
perform their respective obligations under this Lease.

1.2 LANDLORD'S RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. Provided Tenant's use of and access to
the Premises is not interfered with in an unreasonable manner, and subject to
the terms of this Lease, Landlord reserves for itself the right from time to
time to install, use, maintain, repair, replace and relocate pipes, ducts,
conduits, wires and appurtenant meters and equipment above the ceiling surfaces,
below the floor surfaces and within the walls of the Building and the Premises.

1.3 MEASUREMENT OF PREMISES, BUILDING AND/OR THE PROJECT. Landlord reserves
the right to remeasure the Premises, the Building and/or the Project and adjust
all provisions of this Lease which are based upon the area of the Premises, the
Building and/or the Project such as Tenant's Percentage, Monthly Basic Rent, and
the Tenant Improvement Allowance. As used in this Lease, the following terms
have the meanings indicated:

(a) The term "USABLE AREA" or "USABLE SQUARE FOOTAGE" means the usable area
 as determined in accordance with the Standard Method for Measuring Floor
 Area in Office Buildings, ANSI/BOMA Z65.1 - 1996 (the "BOMA STANDARD");
 and

(b) The term "RENTABLE AREA" or "RENTABLE SQUARE FOOTAGE" means the rentable
 area measured in accordance with the BOMA Standard, plus a prorata share
 of the usable area of the Project's recreational facilities.

1.4 SUITE 400. Landlord will deliver possession of Suite 400 to Tenant
within one (1) business day following Tenant's written request therefor (the
"FOURTH FLOOR DELIVERY DATE"). Tenant will construct the Tenant Improvements
within Suite 400 in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit "C", except that
(i) all references in Exhibit "C" to the Premises shall refer to Suite 400, (ii)
the Tenant Improvement Allowance will be in the amount up to, but not exceeding,
Thirty-Two Dollars 32.00) per usable square foot of Suite 400 (for purposes of
calculating the Tenant Improvement Allowance, the usable square footage of Suite
400 shall be 19,705 (which excludes the restrooms, electrical rooms, tele/com
equipment rooms [but not Tenant's network operating center] and the curtain wall
in Suite 400), (iii) the time period for Landlord's review of the Final Space
Plan for Suite 400 shall be two (2) business days following Landlord's receipt
thereof and (iv) the Commencement Date for Suite 400 (the "FOURTH FLOOR
COMMENCEMENT DATE") shall be the earlier to occur of: (a) the date that is nine
(9) months following the Commencement Date (which nine (9) month period may only
be extended by reason of a Landlord Caused Delay and not by reason of a Permit
Delay or an Unavoidable Delay); or (b) Substantial Completion of the Tenant
Improvements for Suite 400. The Fourth Floor Commencement Date will not be
extended due to any delay in Tenant's request for delivery of Suite 400.
Following the determination of the Fourth Floor Commencement Date, and at the
request of either party, the parties shall enter into an amendment to this Lease
acknowledging the Fourth Floor Commencement Date and establishing a schedule for
Monthly Basic Rent that combines the Monthly Basic Rent for the initial Premises
and Suite 400.

2. TERM.

2.1 TERM; NOTICE OF LEASE DATES. The Term of this Lease shall be for the
period designated in Section 1.6 of the Summary commencing on the Commencement
Date (as determined pursuant to Exhibit "C"), and ending on the expiration of
such period, unless the Term is sooner terminated as provided in this Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Commencement Date falls on any day other
than the first day of a calendar month then the term of this Lease will be
measured from the first day of the month following the month in which the
Commencement Date occurs. Within ten (10) days after Landlord's written request,
Tenant shall execute a written confirmation of the Commencement Date and
expiration date of the Term in the form of the Notice of Lease Term Dates
attached hereto as Exhibit "D". The Notice of Lease Term Dates shall be binding
upon Tenant unless Tenant objects thereto in writing within such ten (10) day
period.

2.2 ESTIMATED COMMENCEMENT DATE. It is estimated by the parties that the
Term of this Lease will commence on the Estimated Commencement Date set forth in
Section 1.7 of the Summary. The Estimated Commencement Date is merely an
estimate of the Commencement Date and, consequently,

Tenant agrees that Landlord shall have no liability to Tenant for any loss or
damage, nor shall Tenant be entitled to terminate or cancel this Lease if the
Term of this Lease does not commence by the Estimated Commencement Date for any
reason whatsoever, including any delays in substantial completion of the Tenant
Improvements.

2.3 EARLY OCCUPANCY. Tenant will occupy the Premises prior to the
Commencement Date for purposes of constructing the Tenant Improvements. Such
early occupancy shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this
Lease, including, without limitation, the provisions of Sections 17, 20 and 22,
except that provided Tenant does not commence the operation of business from the
Premises, Tenant will not be obligated to pay Monthly Basic Rent or any
additional rent during the period of such early occupancy. Tenant agrees to
cooperate with Landlord during the period of any such early occupancy so as not
to interfere with Landlord in the completion of any improvements to the Premises
to be constructed pursuant to Exhibit "C" by Landlord.

3. RENT.

3.1 BASIC RENT. Tenant agrees to pay Landlord, as basic rent for the
Premises, the Monthly Basic Rent in the amounts designated in Section 1.8 of the
Summary. The Monthly Basic Rent shall be paid by Tenant in monthly installments
in the amounts designated in Section 1.8 of the Summary in advance on the first
day of each and every calendar month during the Term, without demand, notice,
deduction or offset (except as otherwise provided in this Lease), except that
the first full month's Monthly Basic Rent shall be paid upon the execution of
this Lease. Monthly Basic Rent for any partial month shall be prorated in the
proportion that the number of days this Lease is in effect during such month
bears to the actual number of days in such month.

3.2 ADDITIONAL RENT. All amounts and charges payable by Tenant under this
Lease in addition to the Monthly Basic Rent described in Section 3.1 above
(including, without limitation, payments for insurance, and repairs, and
Tenant's Percentage of Direct Expenses, and Utilities Costs as provided in
Section 4.5 shall be considered additional rent for the purposes of this Lease,
and the word "RENT" in this Lease shall include such additional rent unless the
context specifically or clearly implies that only the Monthly Basic Rent is
referenced. The Monthly Basic Rent and additional rent shall be paid to Landlord
as provided in Section 7, without any prior demand therefor and without any
deduction or offset whatever (except as otherwise provided in this Lease), in
lawful money of the United States of America.

4. COMMON AREAS; DIRECT EXPENSES.

4.1 DEFINITIONS; TENANT'S RIGHTS. During the Term of this Lease, Tenant
shall have the non-exclusive right to use, in common with other tenants in the
Project, and subject to the Rules and Regulations referred to in Section 6.1
below, those portions of the Project (the "PROJECT COMMON AREAS") not leased or
designated for lease to tenants that are provided for use in common by Landlord,
Tenant and any other tenants of the Project (or by the sublessees, agents,
employees, customers invitees, guests or licensees of any such party), whether
or not those areas are open to the general public. The Project Common Areas
shall include, without limitation, any fixtures, systems, decor, facilities and
landscaping contained, maintained or used in connection with those areas, and
shall be deemed to include any city sidewalks adjacent to the Project, any
pedestrian walkway system, park or other facilities located on the Site and open
to the general public, the parking structure and parking areas (subject to
Section 6.2 below), the loading and unloading areas, trash areas, roadways,
parkways, and driveways, as well as the existing pool, workout facilities and
tennis facility for so long as Landlord, in its sole discretion, provides for
the same. The common areas of the Building shall be referred to herein as the
"BUILDING COMMON AREAS" and shall include, without limitation, the following
areas: the common entrances, lobbies, restrooms on multi-tenant floors,
elevators, stairways and accessways, loading docks, ramps, drives and platforms
and any passageways and serviceways thereto to the extent not exclusively
serving another tenant or contained within another tenant's premises, and the
common pipes, conduits, wires and appurtenant equipment serving the Premises.

The Building Common Areas and the Project Common Areas shall be referred to
herein collectively as the "COMMON AREAS."

4.2 LANDLORD'S RESERVED RIGHTS. Landlord reserves the right from time to
time to use any of the Common Areas and to do any of the following, as long as
such acts do not unreasonably interfere with Tenant's use of or access to the
Premises or Tenant's use and enjoyment of the Common Areas:

(a) expand the Building and construct or alter other buildings or
 improvements on the Site;

(b) make any changes, additions, improvements, repairs or replacements in or
 to the Project, the Site, the Common Areas and/or the Building
 (including the Premises if required to do so by any law or regulation)
 and the fixtures and equipment thereof, including, without limitation:
 (i) maintenance, replacement and relocation of pipes, ducts, conduits,
 wires and meters; and (ii) changes in the location, size, shape and
 number of driveways, entrances, stairways, elevators, loading and
 unloading areas, ingress, egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas
 and walkways and, subject to Section 6.2, parking spaces and parking
 areas;

-2-

(c) close temporarily any of the Common Areas while engaged in making
 repairs, improvements or alterations to the Project, Site and/or
 Building; and

(d) perform such other acts and make such other changes with respect to the
 Project, Site, Common Areas and Building, as Landlord may, in the
 exercise of good faith business judgment, deem to be appropriate.

4.3 ADDITIONAL RENT. In addition to paying the Monthly Basic Rent, Tenant
shall pay as additional rent Tenant's Percentage of the annual Direct Expenses
that are in excess of the amount of Direct Expenses applicable to the Base Year
and Tenant's Percentage of the annual Utilities Costs.

4.4 DEFINITIONS. The following terms shall have the meanings hereinafter set
forth:

(a) "BASE YEAR" shall mean the year set forth in Section 1.10 of the
 Summary.

(b) "DIRECT EXPENSES" shall mean Operating Expenses and Tax Expenses.

(c) "EXPENSE YEAR" shall mean each calendar year in which any portion of the
 Term falls, through and including the calendar year in which the Term
 expires; provided, that Landlord, upon notice to Tenant, may change the
 Expense Year from time to time to any twelve (12) consecutive month
 period, and, in the event of any such change, Tenant's Percentage of the
 Direct Expenses and Tenant's Percentage of the Utilities Costs shall be
 equitably adjusted for any Expense Year involved in any such change such
 that Tenant's Percentage is not affected to Tenant's financial
 detriment.

(d) "OPERATING EXPENSES" shall mean all expenses, costs and amounts of every
 kind and nature which Landlord shall pay or incur during any Expense
 Year because of or in connection with the ownership, management,
 maintenance, repair, replacement, restoration or operation of the
 Project, including, without limitation, any amounts paid or incurred
 for: (i) the cost of janitorial service, alarm and security service,
 window cleaning, and trash removal, the cost of operating, maintaining,
 repairing, replacing, renovating and managing the utility systems,
 mechanical systems, sanitary and storm drainage systems, and escalator
 and elevator systems, and the cost of supplies, tools, and equipment and
 maintenance and service contracts in connection therewith; (ii) the cost
 of licenses, certificates, permits and inspections and the cost of
 contesting the validity or applicability of any governmental enactments
 which may affect Operating Expenses, and the costs incurred in
 connection with the implementation and operation of a transportation
 system management program or similar program; (iii) the cost of
 insurance carried by Landlord in connection with the Project, in such
 amounts as Landlord may reasonably determine, or as may be required by
 any mortgagees, or the lessor of any underlying or ground lease
 affecting the Project; (iv) the cost of landscaping, relamping,
 supplies, tools, equipment (including equipment rental agreements) and
 materials, and all fees, charges and other costs, including management
 fees (or amounts in lieu thereof), consulting fees, legal fees and
 accounting fees, incurred in connection with the management, operation,
 administration, maintenance and repair of the Project; (v) the cost of
 parking area repair, restoration and maintenance, including, but not
 limited to, resurfacing, repainting, restriping, and cleaning; (vi)
 wages, salaries and other compensation and benefits of all persons
 directly engaged in the operation, management, maintenance or security
 of the Project, and employer's Social Security taxes, unemployment taxes
 or insurance, and any other taxes which may be levied on such wages,
 salaries, compensation and benefits; (vii) payments under any easement,
 license, operating agreement, declaration, restrictive covenant, or
 instrument pertaining to the sharing of costs by the Project; (viii)
 amortization (including interest on the unamortized cost at the Interest
 Rate) of the cost of acquiring or the rental expense of personal
 property used in the maintenance, operation and repair of the Project;
 (ix) the cost (including rent) of Landlord's property management office
 for the Project and all utilities, supplies and materials used in
 connection therewith; and (x) the cost of any capital alterations,
 capital additions, or capital improvements made to the Project or any
 portion thereof (A) which relate to the operation, repair, maintenance
 and replacement of all systems, equipment or facilities which serve the
 Project in the whole or in part (including replacement of wall and floor
 coverings, ceiling tiles and fixtures in lobbies, corridors, restrooms
 and other common or public areas or facilities, maintenance and
 replacement of curbs, walkways and parking areas, and repairs to roofs
 and reroofing of improvements), (B) which are intended as a labor-saving
 device or to effect other economies in the operation or maintenance of
 the Project, or any portion thereof, or (C) that are required under any
 governmental law or regulation that is then being enforced by a federal,
 state or local governmental agency; provided, however, that each such
 permitted capital expenditure shall be amortized (including interest on
 the unamortized cost at the Interest Rate in effect at the time such
 expenditure is placed in service) over its useful life as Landlord shall
 reasonably determine in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles. If Landlord is not furnishing any particular work or service
 (the cost of which, if performed or provided by Landlord, would be
 included in Operating Expenses) to a tenant who has undertaken to
 perform such work or service in lieu of the performance thereof by
 Landlord, Operating Expenses shall be deemed to be increased by an
 amount equal to the additional Operating Expenses which would reasonably
 have been incurred during such period by Landlord if it had at its own
 expense furnished such work or service to such tenant. If the Building
 (and any additional buildings constructed in the Project) are not one
 hundred percent (100 occupied during all or a portion of any Expense
 Year (including the Base Year), Landlord shall make an appropriate
 adjustment to the variable components of Operating

-3-
 
 Expenses for such Expense Year (including the Base Year) as reasonably
 determined by Landlord employing sound accounting and management
 principles, to determine the amount of Operating Expenses that would
 have been paid had such building(s) been one hundred percent (100 occupied, and the amount so determined shall be deemed to have been the
 amount of Operating Expenses for such Expense Year. Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary herein, when calculating Direct Expenses for
 the Base Year, Operating Expenses shall exclude market-wide labor-rate
 increases due to extraordinary circumstances, including, but not limited
 to, boycotts and strikes, and costs relating to capital improvements or
 expenditures.

 Landlord shall have the right, from time to time, to equitably allocate
 and prorate some or all of the Direct Expenses and/or Utilities Costs
 among different tenants and/or different buildings of the Project and/or
 on a building-by-building basis (the "COST POOLS"). Such Cost Pools may
 include, without limitation, the office space tenants and retail space
 tenants of the buildings in the Project and may be modified to take into
 account the addition of any additional office buildings within the
 Project. No costs for development or construction of future buildings,
 parking structures and sitework shall be included as an Operating
 Expense.

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Lease, Operating
 Expenses shall not, however, include: (A) except as otherwise set forth
 above in this Section 4.4(d), interest on debt and amortization on
 mortgages; (B) ground lease payments; (C) costs of leasing commissions,
 attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with
 negotiations or disputes with present or prospective tenants or other
 occupants of the Project; (D) Utilities Costs for which Tenant pays
 Tenant's Percentage to Landlord as set forth in Section 4.5 below; (E)
 any costs expressly excluded from Operating Expenses elsewhere in this
 Lease; (F) costs of any items to the extent Landlord receives
 reimbursement from insurance proceeds (such proceeds to be excluded from
 Operating Expenses in the year in which received, except that any
 deductible amount under any insurance policy shall be included within
 Operating Expenses) or from a third party; (G) costs, including permit,
 license and inspection costs, incurred in renovating or otherwise
 improving, decorating, or redecorating rentable space (including vacant
 rentable space) for tenants or other occupants in the Project; (H) tax
 penalties incurred as a result of Landlord's negligence, inability or
 unwillingness to make payments or file returns when due; (I) costs
 arising from Landlord's charitable or political contributions; (J) costs
 incurred in connection with upgrading the Building to comply with life,
 fire and safety codes, ordinances, statutes or other laws in effect
 prior to the Commencement Date, including, without limitation, the ADA,
 including penalties or damages incurred due to such noncompliance (for
 this purpose, a change in the interpretation of or change in the
 procedures for enforcing an existing law will be the equivalent of a new
 law; provided, however, that costs incurred by Landlord in connection
 with the loss of a variance or a disappearance of a
 grandfathered/grandmothered right shall not be included as an Operating
 Expense); (K) depreciation, amortization and interest payments, except
 as provided herein, and except with respect to materials, tools,
 supplies and vendor-type equipment purchased by Landlord to enable
 Landlord to supply services Landlord might otherwise contract for with a
 third party which such depreciation, amortization and interest payments
 are not in excess of what would otherwise have been charged for such
 third party's services, all as determined in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, and when
 depreciation or amortization is permitted or required, the item shall be
 amortized over its reasonably anticipated useful life; (L) costs
 incurred by Landlord for alterations which are considered capital
 improvements and replacements under generally accepted accounting
 principles, consistently applied ("CAPITAL ITEMS"), except for Capital
 Items expressly permitted under Section 4.4(d)(x); (M) expenses in
 connection with services or other benefits which are not offered to
 Tenant but which are provided to another tenant or occupant of the
 Building or for which Tenant is charged directly; (N) costs incurred by
 Landlord due to the violation by Landlord or any other tenant of the
 Building of the terms and conditions of any lease of space in the
 Building unless directly related to the use or maintenance of the Common
 Areas; (O) overhead and profit increments paid to Landlord or to
 subsidiaries or affiliates of Landlord for services in the Building to
 the extent the same exceeds the cost of such services rendered at the
 same level of service for similar quality buildings in San Diego, by
 unaffiliated third parties on a competitive basis; (P) interest,
 principal, points and fees on debt or amortization on any mortgage or
 mortgages or any other debt instrument encumbering the Building; (Q)
 Landlord's general corporate overhead and general administrative
 expenses (provided that the reasonable rental cost of the Building
 office shall be included in Operating Expenses); (R) any compensation
 paid to clerks, attendants or other persons in commercial concessions
 operated by Landlord; (S) except in connection with making repairs or
 keeping permanent systems in operation while repairs are being made,
 rentals and other related expenses incurred in leasing air conditioning
 systems, elevators or other equipment ordinarily considered to be of a
 capital nature which if purchased, rather than rented, would constitute
 a Capital Item which is specifically excluded in (L) above, except
 equipment not affixed to the Building which is used in providing
 janitorial or similar services; (T) all items and services for which
 Tenant or any other tenant of the Building reimburses Landlord (other
 than through the pass-through of Operating Expenses) or which Landlord
 provides selectively to one or more tenants (other than Tenant) without
 reimbursement; (U) advertising and promotional expenditures, and costs
 of purchase and installation of signs in or on the Building (except for
 the Building directory) identifying the owner of the Building; (V)
 electrical power costs for which any tenant directly contracts with the
 local public service company; provided, however, that if any tenant
 directly contracts for electric power service during any portion of the
 relevant period, the total electric

-4-

power costs for the Building shall be "grossed up" to reflect what those
 costs would have been had each tenant in the Building used the Building
 standard amount of electric power; (W) labor or other costs incurred in
 connection with any operation of any restaurant in the Building; (X)
 except as contemplated under Section 4.4(d)(x)(C) above, any costs,
 fines or penalties incurred due to violations by Landlord of any
 government rule or authority; (AA) purchase price of sculpture,
 paintings, or other objects of art placed in common areas of the
 Building; (BB) wages, salaries, medical, surgical and general welfare
 benefits, pension payments, payroll taxes, workers' compensation costs
 or other compensation paid to or for any executive employees above the
 grade of building manager; and (CC) costs (including in connection
 therewith all attorneys' fees and costs of settlement judgments and
 payments in lieu thereof) arising from claims, disputes or potential
 disputes in connection with potential or actual claims, litigation or
 arbitration pertaining to Landlord and/or the Project unless directly
 related to the use or maintenance of the Common Areas and not covered by
 insurance.

(e) "TAX EXPENSES" shall mean all federal, state, county, or local
 governmental or municipal taxes, fees, charges or other impositions of
 every kind and nature, whether general, special, ordinary or
 extraordinary (including, without limitation, real estate taxes, general
 and special assessments, transit taxes or charges, business or license
 taxes or fees, annual or periodic license or use fees, open space
 charges, housing fund assessments, leasehold taxes or taxes based upon
 the receipt of rent, including gross receipts or sales taxes applicable
 to the receipt of rent, personal property taxes imposed upon the
 fixtures, machinery, equipment, apparatus, systems and equipment,
 appurtenances, furniture and other personal property used in connection
 with the Project), which Landlord shall pay or incur during any Expense
 Year (without regard to any different fiscal year used by such
 governmental or municipal authority) because of or in connection with
 the ownership, leasing and operation of the Project or Landlord's
 interest therein. Tax Expenses shall include, without limitation (i) any
 assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge in addition to, or in substitution,
 partially or totally, of any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge
 previously included within the definition of Project tax, it being
 acknowledged by Tenant and Landlord that Proposition 13 was adopted by
 the voters of the State of California in the June 1978 election
 ("Proposition 13") and that assessments, taxes, fees, levies and charges
 may be imposed by governmental agencies for such services as fire
 protection, street, sidewalk and road maintenance, conservation, refuse
 removal and for other governmental services formerly provided without
 charge to property owners or occupants, and, in further recognition of
 the decrease in the level and quality of governmental services and
 amenities as a result of Proposition 13, Tax Expenses shall also include
 any governmental or private assessments or the Project's contribution
 towards a governmental or private cost-sharing agreement for the purpose
 of augmenting or improving the quality of services and amenities
 normally provided by governmental agencies. It is the intention of
 Tenant and Landlord that all such new and increased assessments, taxes,
 fees, levies, and charges and all similar assessments, taxes, fees,
 levies and charges be included within the definition of Tax Expenses for
 purposes of this Lease; (ii) any assessment, tax, fee, levy, or charge
 allocable to or measured by the area of the Premises or the rent payable
 hereunder, including, without limitation, any gross income tax with
 respect to the receipt of such rent, or upon or with respect to the
 possession, leasing, operating, management, maintenance, alteration,
 repair, use or occupancy by Tenant of the Premises, or any portion
 thereof; (iii) any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge, upon this
 transaction or any document to which Tenant is a party, creating or
 transferring an interest or an estate in the Premises; (iv) any
 possessory taxes charged or levied in lieu of real estate taxes; and (v)
 any expenses incurred by Landlord in attempting to protest, reduce or
 minimize Tax Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
 there shall be excluded from Tax Expenses: (i) all excess profits taxes,
 franchise taxes, gift taxes, capital stock taxes, inheritance and
 succession taxes, estate taxes, federal and state income taxes, and
 other taxes to the extent applicable to Landlord's general or net income
 (as opposed to rents, receipts or income attributable to operations at
 the Project); and (ii) any items paid by Tenant under Section 10 of
 this Lease. Tax Expenses shall be adjusted to reflect an assumption that
 the Building is fully assessed for real property tax purposes as a
 completed building that is one hundred percent (100 occupied with
 Building standard tenant improvements.

(f) "UTILITIES COSTS" shall mean the cost of all utilities supplied for the
 Project (including, without limitation, water, sewer, electricity,
 telephone and HVAC), other than those utilities which are paid directly
 by Tenant and other tenants of the Project for excess consumption and
 after-hours HVAC pursuant to Section 16 of this Lease or similar
 provisions in other tenants' leases.

(g) "TENANT'S PERCENTAGE" shall mean the percentage set forth in Section 1.9
 of the Summary. Tenant's Percentage was calculated by multiplying the
 number of rentable square feet of the Premises by 100 and dividing the
 product by the total rentable square feet in the Project. Landlord shall
 have the right from time to time, in its discretion, to include or
 exclude existing or future buildings in the Project in the calculation
 of the total rentable square feet of the Project, for purposes of
 determining Direct Expenses, Utilities Costs and/or the provision of
 various services and amenities thereto, including equitable allocation
 of Direct Expenses and/or Utilities Costs in Cost Pools (as described in
 Section 4.4(d) above); in such event, Tenants Percentage shall be
 appropriately revised to reflect any such actual increases or decreases
 in square footage of the Project. In addition, in the event either the
 rentable square feet of the Premises and/or the Building and other
 buildings in the Project is changed, Tenant's Percentage shall be
 appropriately adjusted, and, as to the Expense Year in which such change
 occurs, Tenant's Percentage for such year shall

-5-

be determined on the basis of the number of days during such Expense
 Year that each such Tenant's Percentage was in effect.

4.5 CALCULATION AND PAYMENT OF ADDITIONAL RENT.

(a) CALCULATION OF EXCESS. For each Expense Year ending or commencing within
 the Lease Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in the manner set forth in
 Section 4.5(b), below, and as additional rent: (i) the amount by which
 Tenant's Percentage of Direct Expenses for such Expense Year exceeds
 Tenant's Percentage of the Direct Expenses for the Base Year (Tenant's
 Percentage of such excess amount is hereinafter referred to as the
 "EXCESS"); and (ii) Tenant's Percentage of the Utilities Costs incurred
 for such Expense Year.

(b) STATEMENT OF ACTUAL DIRECT EXPENSES AND UTILITIES COSTS AND PAYMENT BY
 TENANT. Following the end of each Expense Year, Landlord shall give to
 Tenant a statement (the "STATEMENT"), which shall indicate: (i) the
 Direct Expenses incurred or accrued for such preceding Expense Year, and
 which shall indicate the amount, if any, of any Excess; and (ii) the
 amount of the Utilities Costs incurred for such preceding Expense Year.
 Upon receipt of the Statement for each Expense Year ending during the
 Lease Term, Tenant shall pay, within thirty (30) days after receipt of
 such Statement, (A) the full amount of any Excess for such Expense Year,
 less the amounts, if any, paid during such Expense Year as Estimated
 Excess, as that term is defined below, plus (B) the full amount of
 Tenant's Percentage of the Utilities Costs for such Expense Year, less
 the amounts, if any, paid by Tenant during the Expense Year as Estimated
 Utilities Cost, as that term is defined below. The failure of Landlord
 to timely furnish the Statement for any Expense Year shall not prejudice
 Landlord from enforcing its rights under this Section 4.5. Even though
 the Term has expired and Tenant has vacated the Premises, when the final
 determination is made of the Direct Expenses and Utilities Costs for the
 Expense Year in which this Lease terminates, taking into consideration
 that the expiration date may have occurred prior to the final day of the
 applicable Expense Year, Tenant shall within ten (10) days after
 Landlord's request therefor pay to Landlord an amount as calculated
 pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.5(a) of this Lease as Tenant's
 Percentage of the Excess and Utilities Costs for such final Expense
 Year. The provisions of this Section 4.5(b) shall survive the expiration
 or earlier termination of the Lease Term.

(c) STATEMENT OF ESTIMATED DIRECT EXPENSES AND UTILITIES COSTS. In addition,
 Landlord shall give Tenant a yearly expense estimate statement (the
 "ESTIMATE STATEMENT") which shall set forth Landlord's reasonable
 estimate (the "ESTIMATE") of (i) what the total amount of Direct
 Expenses for the then-current Expense Year shall be and the estimated
 Excess (the "ESTIMATED EXCESS") as calculated by comparing Tenant's
 Percentage of Direct Expenses for such then-current Expense Year, which
 shall be based upon the Estimate, to Tenant's Percentage of Direct
 Expenses for the Base Year, and (ii) what the total amount of Tenant's
 Percentage of the Utilities Costs for the then current Expense Year
 shall be (the "ESTIMATED UTILITIES COSTS"). The Estimate Statement may
 be revised and reissued by Landlord from time to time. The failure of
 Landlord to timely furnish the Estimate Statement for any Expense Year
 shall not preclude Landlord from enforcing its rights to collect any
 Estimated Excess or Estimated Utilities Costs under this Section 4.5.
 Within thirty (30) days after receipt of such Estimate Statement, Tenant
 shall pay to Landlord an amount equal to (A) a fraction of the Estimated
 Excess (or the increase in the Estimated Excess if pursuant to a revised
 Estimate Statement) for the then-current Expense Year (reduced by any
 amounts paid as Estimated Excess pursuant to the last sentence of this
 Section 4.5(c), plus (B) a fraction of the Estimated Utilities Costs (or
 the increase in the Estimated Utilities Costs if pursuant to a revised
 Estimate Statement) for the then-current Expense Year (reduced by the
 amounts paid as Estimated Utilities Costs pursuant to the last sentence
 of this Section 4.5(c)). Such fraction shall have as its numerator the
 number of months which have elapsed in such current Expense Year to the
 month of such payment, both months inclusive, and shall have twelve (12)
 as its denominator. Until a new Estimate Statement is furnished, Tenant
 shall pay monthly, with the monthly Base Rent installments, an amount
 equal to the sum of (x) one-twelfth (1/12) of the total Estimated Excess
 plus (y) one-twelfth (1/12) of the total Estimated Utilities Costs set
 forth in the previous Estimate Statement delivered by Landlord to
 Tenant.

4.6 PROPOSITION 13 PROTECTION. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Lease, in the event that, at any time during the initial Term,
a change in ownership of the Project is consummated, and as a result thereof the
Project is reassessed (the "REASSESSMENT") for real estate tax purposes by the
appropriate governmental authority pursuant to the terms of Proposition 13, then
the terms of this Section 4.6 shall apply to such Reassessment. This Section 4.6
shall not apply during any Option Period.

(a) THE TAX INCREASE. The term "TAX INCREASE" shall mean fifty percent (50 of that portion of the Real Property Taxes and Assessments, as
 calculated immediately following the Reassessment, which is attributable
 solely to the Reassessment. Accordingly, the term Tax Increase shall not
 include any portion of the Real Property Taxes and Assessments, as
 calculated immediately following the Reassessment, which is attributable
 to (i) the initial assessment of the value of the Project, (ii)
 assessments which were pending immediately prior to the Reassessment and
 which were conducted during, and included in, such Reassessment, or were
 otherwise rendered unnecessary following the Reassessment, or (iii) the
 annual inflationary increase of Real Property Taxes and Assessments.

-6-

(b) PROTECTION. During the initial Term, any Tax Increase will be excluded
 from Real Property Taxes and Assessments.

(c) LANDLORD'S RIGHT TO PURCHASE THE PROPOSITION 13 PROTECTION AMOUNT. The
 amount of Real Property Taxes and Assessments which Tenant is not
 obligated to pay or will not be obligated to pay during the initial Term
 in connection with a particular Reassessment is referred to as a
 "PROPOSITION 13 PROTECTION AMOUNT." If the occurrence of a Reassessment
 is reasonably foreseeable by Landlord and the Proposition 13 Protection
 Amount attributable to such Reassessment can be reasonably quantified or
 estimated for each year commencing with the year in which the
 Reassessment will occur, the terms of this Section 4.6(c) shall apply to
 each such Reassessment. Upon notice to Tenant, Landlord shall have the
 right to purchase the Proposition 13 Protection Amount relating to the
 applicable Reassessment (the "APPLICABLE REASSESSMENT"), at any time, by
 paying to Tenant an amount equal to the Proposition 13 Purchase Price.
 The "PROPOSITION 13 PURCHASE PRICE" shall mean the present value of the
 Proposition 13 Protection Amount remaining during the initial Term, as
 of the date of payment of the Proposition 13 Purchase Price by Landlord.
 Such present value shall be calculated (i) by using the portion of the
 Proposition 13 Protection Amount attributable to each remaining year
 during the initial Term that such protection is available (as though the
 portion of such Proposition 13 Protection Amount benefited Tenant at the
 end of each year), as the amounts to be discounted, and (ii) by using
 discount rates for each amount to be discounted equal to (A) the prime
 interest rate, as reported in the Wall Street Journal as of the date of
 Landlord's exercise of its right to purchase plus (B) two percent (2 per annum. Upon such payment of the Proposition 13 Purchase Price, the
 provisions of this Section 4.6 shall not apply to any Tax Increase
 attributable to the Applicable Reassessment. As Landlord will estimate
 the Proposition 13 Purchase Price because a Reassessment has not yet
 occurred, then when such Reassessment occurs, if Landlord has
 underestimated the Proposition 13 Purchase Price, then upon notice by
 Landlord to Tenant, Tenant's rent next due shall be credited with the
 amount of such underestimation, and if Landlord overestimates the
 Proposition 13 Purchase Price, then upon notice by Landlord to Tenant,
 rent next due shall be increased by the amount of the overestimation.

4.7 TENANT'S AUDIT RIGHTS. Landlord shall maintain records respecting Direct
Expenses and Utilities Costs and determine the same in accordance with sound
accounting and management practices, consistently applied. Tenant or Tenant's
Representative (for purposes hereof, Tenant's Representative shall mean an
independent certified public accountant whose fees are not paid on a contingency
fee basis) or both shall have the right, within six (6) months after receipt of
an Actual Statement, to examine at Tenant's cost and make copies of such records
at the Building upon reasonable prior notice and during business hours. If
Tenant takes exception to any matter contained in an Actual Statement, Landlord
shall promptly refer the matter to an independent certified public accountant
who has done no work for Landlord in the past five (5) years, whose
certification as to the proper amount shall be final and conclusive as between
Landlord and Tenant. Tenant shall pay the cost of such certification unless such
certification determines that Tenant was overbilled by more than five percent
(5 in total in which case Landlord shall pay the cost of the certification and
all of Tenant's reasonable out-of-pocket costs in reviewing Landlord's records
or in having them reviewed by Tenants Representative (provided, that the total
out-of-pocket costs shall not exceed Two Thousand Dollars 2,000.00)).
Appropriate adjustments in amounts paid by Tenant shall be settled in cash
within thirty (30) days.

5. SECURITY DEPOSIT.

5.1 CASH SECURITY DEPOSIT. Concurrently with the execution of this Lease,
Tenant shall deposit with Landlord the cash portion of the Security Deposit
designated in Section 1.11 of the Summary (the "CASH SECURITY DEPOSIT"). The
Cash Security Deposit shall be held by Landlord as security for the full and
faithful performance by Tenant of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of
this Lease to be performed by Tenant during the Term. If Tenant defaults with
respect to any of its obligations under this Lease, Landlord may (but shall not
be required to) use, apply or retain all or any part of the Cash Security
Deposit for the payment of any rent or any other sum in default, or for the
payment of any other amount, loss or damage which Landlord may spend, incur or
suffer by reason of Tenant's default. If any portion of the Cash Security
Deposit is so used or applied, Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after demand
therefor, deposit cash with Landlord in an amount sufficient to restore the Cash
Security Deposit to its original amount. Landlord shall not be required to keep
the Cash Security Deposit separate from its general funds, and Tenant shall not
be entitled to interest on the Cash Security Deposit. If Tenant shall fully and
faithfully perform every provision of this Lease to be performed by it, the Cash
Security Deposit or any balance thereof shall be returned to Tenant within two
(2) weeks following the expiration of the Lease term, provided that Landlord may
retain the Cash Security Deposit until such time as any amount due from Tenant
in accordance with this Lease has been determined and paid in full (however, if
the amount payable by Tenant is less than the Cash Security Deposit, Landlord
shall return to Tenant an amount equal to the difference between the Cash
Security Deposit and the amount payable by Tenant). If Landlord sells its
interest in the Building during the Term and if Landlord deposits with the
purchaser the Cash Security Deposit (or balance thereof), and such purchaser
acknowledges receipt thereof, then, upon such sale, Landlord shall be discharged
from any further liability with respect to the Cash Security Deposit.

-7-

5.2 LETTER OF CREDIT SECURITY DEPOSIT.

(a) DELIVERY. Concurrently with Tenant's execution of this Lease, Tenant
 shall deliver to Landlord an unconditional, irrevocable and renewable
 letter of credit issued by Imperial Bank ("LETTER OF CREDIT") in favor
 of Landlord in form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, in the initial
 principal amount specified in Section 1.1 of the Summary, as security
 for the faithful performance and observance by Tenant of the terms,
 provisions and conditions of this Lease. The Letter of Credit shall
 state that an authorized officer or other representative of Landlord may
 make demand on Landlord's behalf for the amount owed by Tenant to
 Landlord, and that the issuing bank must immediately honor such demand,
 without qualification or satisfaction of any conditions, except the
 proper identification of the party making such demand and the reason
 that the party is making the demand. In addition, the Letter of Credit
 shall indicate that it is transferable in its entirety by Landlord as
 beneficiary and that upon receiving written notice of transfer, and upon
 presentation to the issuer of the original Letter of Credit, the issuer
 will reissue the Letter of Credit naming such transferee as the
 beneficiary. If the term of the Letter of Credit held by Landlord will
 expire prior to thirty (30) days following the expiration date of this
 Lease and it is not extended, or a new Letter of Credit for an extended
 period of time is not substituted, within thirty (30) days prior to the
 expiration of the Letter of Credit, then Landlord may deliver written
 notice of such fact to Tenant and if Tenant does not extend the Letter
 of Credit or substitute a new Letter of Credit within ten (10) days
 after Tenant's receipt of such notice from Landlord, Landlord shall be
 entitled to make demand for the principal amount of said Letter of
 Credit and, thereafter, to hold such funds in accordance with Section
 5.2(c) below.

(b) PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF LETTER OF CREDIT. The required principal amount of
 the Letter of Credit shall be as follows:

REQUIRED
 YEAR OF TERM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
 ------------ ----------------
 
 1 360,000.00
 2 240,000.00
 3 120,000.00
 4-7 0.00

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if as of the applicable reduction date
 set forth above, (i) Tenant is in default under this Lease, or (ii)
 circumstances exist that would, with notice or lapse of time, or both,
 constitute a default (provided Landlord has given Tenant written notice
 of the existence of any such circumstances by the applicable reduction
 date), then the principal amount shall not be reduced, unless and until
 such default or circumstances shall have been fully cured, at which time
 the principal amount may be reduced as hereinabove described. If Tenant
 completes an initial public offering of its securities on a recognized
 United States public securities exchange, then Tenant shall have the
 right, upon prior written notice to Landlord, to eliminate the Letter of
 Credit provided that (i) at the time of Tenant's request, Tenant shall
 have a tangible net worth of at least Thirty Million Dollars
 30,000,000.00) (Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence reasonably
 acceptable to Landlord evidencing such tangible net worth), (ii) at the
 time of Tenant's request, Tenant is not in default hereunder and no
 circumstances exists that would, with the passage of time, the giving of
 notice, or both, constitute a default hereunder (provided Landlord has
 given Tenant written notice of the existence of any such circumstances
 within three (3) business days following receipt of Tenant's request)
 and (iii) Landlord shall have not given Tenant written notice of a
 failure to pay rent pursuant to Section 23.1(b) during the preceding
 twelve (12) month period.

(c) APPLICATION OF LETTER OF CREDIT. The Letter of Credit shall be held by
 Landlord as security for the faithful performance by Tenant of all of
 the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease. If Tenant commits a
 default with respect to any provision of this Lease, Landlord may (but
 shall not be required to) draw upon the Letter of Credit and use, apply
 or retain all or any part of the proceeds for the payment of any sum
 which is in default, or for the payment of any other amount which
 Landlord may spend or become obligated to spend by reason of Tenant's
 default or to compensate Landlord for any loss or damage which Landlord
 may suffer by reason of Tenant's default. If any portion of the Letter
 of Credit is so used or applied, Tenant shall, within ten (10) days
 after demand therefor, post an additional Letter of Credit in an amount
 sufficient to restore the Letter of Credit to the principal amount
 required under Section 5.2(b) above. Landlord shall not be required to
 keep any proceeds from the Letter of Credit separate from its general
 funds and Tenant shall not be entitled to any interest on such proceeds.
 Should Landlord sell its interest in the Premises during the Term and if
 Landlord deposits with the purchaser thereof the Letter of Credit or any
 proceeds of the Letter of Credit, thereupon Landlord shall be discharged
 from any further liability with respect to the Letter of Credit and said
 proceeds.

6. USE.

6.1 GENERAL. Tenant shall use the Premises solely for the Permitted Use
specified in Section 1.12 of the Summary, and shall not use or permit the
Premises to be used for any other use or purpose whatsoever. Tenant shall
observe and comply with the "Rules and Regulations" attached hereto as

-8-

Exhibit "E", and all reasonable non-discriminatory modifications thereof and
additions thereto from time to time put into effect and furnished to Tenant by
Landlord. Landlord shall endeavor to enforce the Rules and Regulations, but
shall have no liability to Tenant for the violation or non-performance by any
other tenant or occupant of the Project or the Building of any such Rules and
Regulations. Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, observe and comply with
all requirements of any board of fire underwriters or similar body relating to
the Premises, all recorded covenants, conditions and restrictions now or
hereafter affecting the Project and all laws, statutes, codes, rules and
regulations now or hereafter in force relating to or affecting the use,
occupancy, alteration or improvement of the Premises, including, without
limitation, the provisions of Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act
of 1990 ("ADA") as it pertains to Tenant's use, occupancy, improvement and
alteration of the Premises. Tenant shall not use or allow the Premises to be
used (a) in violation of any recorded covenants, conditions and restrictions
affecting the Site or of any law or governmental rule or regulation, or of any
certificate of occupancy issued for the Premises or Building, or (b) for any
improper, immoral, unlawful or reasonably objectionable purpose. Tenant shall
not do or permit to be done anything which will obstruct or interfere with the
rights of other tenants or occupants of the Project or the Building, or injure
or annoy them. Tenant shall not cause, maintain or permit any nuisance in, on or
about the Premises, the Building, the Project or the Site, nor commit or suffer
to be committed any waste in, on or about the Premises. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Tenant's obligation to observe and comply with future covenants,
conditions and restrictions shall be (i) subject to Tenants receipt of a copy
thereof and (ii) conditioned upon them not reducing Tenant's rights or
increasing Tenant's obligations hereunder in any material respect.

6.2 PARKING.

(a) TENANT'S PARKING PRIVILEGES. During the Term of this Lease, Landlord
shall lease to Tenant, and Tenant shall lease from Landlord, the number of
parking spaces specified in Section 1.16 of the Summary hereof for use by
Tenant's employees in the common parking areas for the Building within the
Project, as designated by Landlord from time to time. Landlord shall at all
times have the right to establish and modify the nature and extent of the
parking areas for the Building and Project (including whether such areas shall
be surface, underground and/or other structures) as long as Tenant is provided
the number of parking spaces designated in Section 1.16 of the Summary. In
addition, Landlord may, in its sole discretion, assign any unreserved and
unassigned parking spaces, and/or make all or a portion of such spaces reserved.

(b) PARKING CHARGES. Tenant's parking spaces set forth in Section 1.16 of
the Summary hereof shall, during the Term (including any Option Term), not be
subject to a monthly parking fee (during an Option Term, such rights will be
reflected in the determination of the fair market rental rate). In addition to
such parking privileges for use by Tenant's employees, Landlord shall permit
access to the parking areas for Tenant's visitors, subject to availability of
spaces and payment (by validation charges or otherwise) of daily visitor parking
charges therefor as may be established and adjusted by Landlord from time to
time. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord may restrict the parking structure, or
portions thereof, from parking by Tenant's visitors (but not Tenant's
employees).

(c) PARKING RULES. The use of the parking areas shall be subject to the
Parking Rules and Regulations contained in Exhibit "E" attached hereto and any
other reasonable, nondiscriminatory rules and regulations adopted by Landlord
and/or Landlord's parking operators from time to time, including any system for
controlled ingress and egress and charging visitors and invitees, with
appropriate provision for validation of such charges. Tenant shall not use more
parking privileges than its allotment and shall not use any parking spaces
specifically assigned by Landlord to other tenants of the Building or Project or
for such other uses as visitor parking. Tenant's parking privileges shall be
used only for parking by vehicles no larger than normally sized passenger
automobiles, sports utility vehicles or pick-up trucks. Tenant shall not permit
or allow any vehicles that belong to or are controlled by Tenant or Tenant's
employees, suppliers, shippers, customers or invitees to be loaded, unloaded,
or parked in areas other than those designated by Landlord for such activities.
If Tenant permits or allows any of the prohibited activities described herein,
then Landlord shall have the right, without notice, in addition to such other
rights and remedies that it may have, to remove or tow away the vehicle involved
and charge the cost thereof to Tenant, which cost shall be immediately payable
by Tenant upon demand by Landlord; provided, however, Landlord will not charge
Tenant the cost thereof unless Landlord previously gave Tenant written or oral
notice of such prohibited activity and such activity was not corrected within a
reasonable period of time under the circumstances (however, no notice will be
required in the event of an emergency or with respect to a violator of whom
Landlord has previously given notice to Tenant).

6.3 SIGNS.

(a) BUILDING SIGNAGE. Subject to the terms of this Section 6.3(b), Tenant
 shall have the right to install, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, (i)
 exclusive Building top signage in one (1) location on the exterior of
 the Building, (ii) non-exclusive monument signage in one (1) location on
 the Building's monument sign, but only if Landlord elects to provide a
 monument sign for the Building, (iii) a nonexclusive lobby signage in
 one (1) location in the ground floor lobby of the Building and (iv)
 exclusive signage in the fourth (4th), fifth (5th) and sixth (6th) floor
 elevator lobbies of the Premises

-9-
 
 (collectively, "TENANT'S SIGNAGE"). The location of Tenant's Signage
 shall be determined by Landlord and approved by Tenant, such approval
 not to be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant's
 right to Tenant's Signage is personal to the original Tenant named in
 the Summary ("ORIGINAL TENANT") and shall not be assignable to any
 assignee or transferee of or any successor to Tenant's interest under
 this Lease, except with the prior written consent of Landlord, which
 consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing restriction is
 a material consideration to Landlord because of the visibility of such
 signage and because of Landlord's concern for maintaining the quality,
 stature and prestige of the Building. Tenant's Signage shall conform to
 sign plans approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be
 unreasonably withheld or delayed, and comply with all applicable laws,
 statutes, regulations, ordinances and restrictions, including but not
 limited to, any permit requirements and City of San Diego size
 restrictions. Tenant shall install and maintain Tenants Signage in good
 condition and repair at its sole cost and expense during the entire
 Term, as the same may be extended for any Option Term. Tenant shall bear
 all costs and expenses associated with Tenant's Signage, including but
 not limited to, expenses of design, acquisition, construction,
 installation, display, illumination, maintenance, repair and permit
 costs therefor. Tenant shall be solely responsible for obtaining all
 permits and approvals required by any governmental agency or authority
 with respect to Tenant's Signage. Except as provided above, Tenant shall
 not place, erect or maintain or cause to be placed, erected or
 maintained on or to the roof or any exterior door, wall or window or the
 roof of the Premises or the Building, or on or to the glass or any
 window or door of the Premises, or on or to any sidewalk or other
 location outside the Premises, or within any entrance to the Premises,
 any sign, decal, banner, placard, or any other advertising matter of any
 kind or description. Any modifications to Tenant's Signage, including
 without limitation, the location, quality, design, style, lighting and
 size of such signage, shall be consistent with applicable laws, rules
 and permits and Landlord's Building standard signage program and shall
 be subject to Landlord's prior written approval, in its reasonable
 discretion. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease,
 Tenant shall be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the
 removal of Tenant's Signage and the repair of all damage to the Building
 caused by such removal.

(b) PROHIBITED SIGNAGE AND OTHER ITEMS. Any signs, notices, logos, pictures,
 names or advertisements which are installed and that have not been
 separately approved by Landlord may be removed without notice by
 Landlord at the sole expense of Tenant. Except as hereinabove mentioned,
 Tenant may not install any signs on the exterior or roof of the Building
 or the Building Common Areas or the Project. Any signs, window
 coverings, or blinds (even if the same are located behind the Landlord
 approved window coverings for the Building), or other items visible from
 the exterior of the Premises or Building are subject to the prior
 written approval of Landlord, in its sole discretion.

(c) BUILDING DIRECTORY. Tenant shall, at Landlord's expense, be entitled to
 a reasonable number of lines on the Building directory to display
 Tenant's name and suite numbers

6.4 HAZARDOUS MATERIALS.

(a) TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS. Except for ordinary and general office supplies,
 such as copier toner, liquid paper, glue, ink and common household
 cleaning materials (some or all of which may constitute "HAZARDOUS
 MATERIALS" as defined in this Lease), Tenant agrees not to cause or
 permit any Hazardous Materials to be brought upon, stored, used,
 handled, generated, released or disposed of on, in, under or about the
 Premises, the Building, the Common Areas or any other portion of the
 Project by Tenant, its agents, employees, subtenants, assignees,
 licensees, contractors or invitees (collectively, "TENANT'S PARTIES"),
 without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent Landlord
 may withhold in its sole and absolute discretion. Upon the expiration or
 earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant agrees to promptly remove from
 the Premises, the Building and the Project, at its sole cost and
 expense, any and all Hazardous Materials, including any equipment or
 systems containing Hazardous Materials which are installed, brought
 upon, stored, used, generated or released upon, in, under or about the
 Premises, the Building and/or the Project or any portion thereof by
 Tenant or any of Tenant's Parties. To the fullest extent permitted by
 law, Tenant agrees to promptly indemnify, protect, defend and hold
 harmless Landlord and Landlord's partners, officers, directors,
 employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, "LANDLORD
 INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") from and against any and all claims, damages,
 judgments, suits, causes of action, losses, liabilities, penalties,
 fines, expenses and costs (including, without limitation, clean-up,
 removal, remediation and restoration costs, sums paid in settlement of
 claims, attorneys' fees, consultant fees and expert fees and court
 costs) which arise or result from the presence of Hazardous Materials
 on, in, under or about the Premises, the Building or any other portion
 of the Project and which are caused or permitted by Tenant or any of
 Tenant's Parties. Tenant agrees to promptly notify Landlord of any
 release of Hazardous Materials in the Premises, the Building or any
 other portion of the Project which Tenant becomes aware of during the
 Term of this Lease, whether caused by Tenant or any other persons or
 entities. In the event of any release of Hazardous Materials caused or
 permitted by Tenant or any of Tenant's Parties, Landlord shall have the
 right, but not the obligation, to cause Tenant to immediately take all
 steps Landlord deems necessary or appropriate to remediate such release
 and prevent any similar future release to the satisfaction of Landlord
 and Landlord's mortgagee(s). At all times during the Term of this Lease
 following reasonable prior

 -10-

written notice (except in the event of an emergency), Landlord will have
 the right, but not the obligation, to enter upon the Premises to
 inspect, investigate, sample and/or monitor the Premises to determine if
 Tenant is in compliance with the terms of this Lease regarding Hazardous
 Materials. As used in this Lease, the term "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" shall
 mean and include any hazardous or toxic materials, substances or wastes
 as now or hereafter designated under any law, statute, ordinance, rule,
 regulation, order or ruling of any agency of the State, the United
 States Government or any local governmental authority, including,
 without limitation, asbestos, petroleum, petroleum hydrocarbons and
 petroleum based products, urea formaldehyde foam insulation,
 polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs"), and freon and other
 chlorofluorocarbons. The provisions of this Section 6.4(a) will survive
 the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

(b) LANDLORD'S OBLIGATIONS. Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that
 as of the date of this Lease and to Landlord's actual knowledge (i)
 there are no Hazardous Materials in, on, under, below or otherwise
 located on or about the Building in violation of applicable law, and
 (ii) there has been no release or migration of any Hazardous Materials
 in violation of applicable law onto, beneath, upon or about the
 Building. Landlord shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold Tenant, its
 successors, assigns, subtenants, agents, employees, officers and
 directors harmless from any and all losses, damages, liabilities,
 judgments, costs, claims, expenses, penalties, including, but not
 limited to, attorneys' fees, court costs and consultant fees (i) arising
 out of or involving any Hazardous Materials existing on the Building to
 the extent caused by Landlord; or (ii) due to Landlord's breach of its
 foregoing representation. The provisions of this Section 6.4(b) will
 survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

7. PAYMENTS AND NOTICES. All rent and other sums payable by Tenant to
Landlord hereunder shall be paid to Landlord at the address designated in
Section 1.1 of the Summary, or to such other person and/or at such other place
as Landlord may hereafter designate in writing. Any notice required or permitted
to be given hereunder must be in writing and may be given by personal delivery
(including delivery by nationally recognized overnight courier or express
mailing service), facsimile transmission sent by a machine capable of confirming
transmission receipt, with a hard copy of such notice delivered no later than
one (1) business day after facsimile transmission by another method specified in
this Section 7, or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested, addressed to Tenant at the address(es) designated in Section
1.2 of the Summary, or to Landlord at the address(es) designated in Section 1.1
of the Summary. Either party may, by written notice to the other, specify a
different address for notice purposes. Notice given in the foregoing manner
shall be deemed given (i) upon confirmed transmission if sent by facsimile
transmission, provided such transmission is prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business day
(if such transmission is after 5:00 p.m. on a business day or is on a
non-business day, such notice will be deemed given on the following business
day), (ii) when actually received or refused by the party to whom sent if
delivered by a carrier or personally served or (iii) if mailed, on the day of
actual delivery or refusal as shown by the certified mail return receipt or the
expiration of three (3) business days after the day of mailing, whichever first
occurs. For purposes of this Section 7, a "business day" is Monday through
Friday, excluding holidays observed by the United States Postal Service.

8. BROKERS. The parties recognize that the broker(s) who negotiated this
Lease are stated in Section 1.13 of the Summary, and agree that Landlord shall
be solely responsible for the payment of brokerage commissions to said broker(s)
pursuant to a separate agreement between Landlord and such broker(s), and that
Tenant shall have no responsibility therefor unless written provision to the
contrary has been made. Each party represents and warrants to the other, that,
to its knowledge, no other broker, agent or finder (a) negotiated or was
instrumental in negotiating or consummating this Lease on its behalf, and (b) is
or might be entitled to a commission or compensation in connection with this
Lease. Any broker, agent or finder of Tenant whom Tenant has failed to disclose
herein shall be paid by Tenant. Tenant shall indemnify, defend (by counsel
reasonably approved in writing by Landlord) and hold Landlord harmless from and
against any and all claims, judgments, suits, causes of action, damages, losses,
liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees and court costs) resulting
from any breach by Tenant of the foregoing representation. Landlord shall
indemnify, defend (by counsel reasonably approved in writing by Tenant) and hold
Tenant harmless from and against any and all claims, judgments, suits, causes of
action, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees and
court costs) resulting from any breach by Landlord of the foregoing
representation. The foregoing indemnities shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease.

9. SURRENDER; HOLDING OVER.

9.1 SURRENDER OF PREMISES. Upon the expiration or sooner termination of this
Lease, Tenant shall surrender all keys for the Premises to Landlord, and
exclusive possession of the Premises to Landlord broom clean and in good
condition and repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted (and casualty damage
excepted if not required to be repaired by Landlord or Tenant or if this Lease
is terminated as a result thereof pursuant to Section 18), with all of Tenant's
personal property (and those items, if any, of Tenant improvements and Tenant
Changes identified by Landlord pursuant to Section 12.2 below) removed therefrom
and all damage caused by such removal repaired, as required pursuant to Sections
12.2 and 12.3 below. If, for any reason, Tenant fails to surrender the Premises
on the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease (including upon the
expiration of any subsequent month-to-month tenancy consented to by Landlord
pursuant to Section 9.2 below), with such removal and repair obligations
completed, then, in addition to the provisions of Section 9.3 below
and Landlord's rights and remedies

-11-

under Section 12.4 and the other provisions of this Lease (but provided Landlord
has given Tenant written notice at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration
or earlier termination of this Lease that Landlord needs possession of the
Premises immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Lease), Tenant shall indemnify, protect, defend (by counsel approved in writing
by Landlord) and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all claims,
judgments, suits, causes of action, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses
(including attorneys' fees and court costs) resulting from such failure to
surrender, including, without limitation, any claim made by any succeeding
tenant based thereon. The foregoing indemnity shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease.

9.2 HOLD OVER WITH LANDLORD'S CONSENT. If, with Landlord's express written
consent, Tenant remains in possession of the Premises after the expiration or
earlier termination of the Lease Term, Tenant shall become a tenant from
month-to-month upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Lease (including
Tenant's obligation to pay all Direct Expenses and Utilities Costs and any other
additional rent under this Lease), but at a Monthly Basic Rent equal to the
greater of: (a) one hundred fifty percent (150 of the Monthly Basic Rent
applicable to the Premises immediately prior to the date of such expiration or
earlier termination; or (b) one hundred twenty-five percent (125 of the
prevailing market rate excluding any rental or other concessions (as reasonably
determined by Landlord) for the Premises in effect on the date of such
expiration or earlier termination. Tenant shall pay an entire month's Monthly
Basic Rent calculated in accordance with this Section 9.2 for any portion of a
month it holds over and remains in possession of the Premises pursuant to this
Section 9.2. This Section 9.2 shall not be construed to create any expressed or
implied right to holdover beyond the expiration of the Lease Term or any
extension thereof.

9.3 HOLD OVER WITHOUT LANDLORD'S CONSENT. If Tenant holds over after the
expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term without the express written
consent of Landlord, then, in addition to all other remedies available to
Landlord, Tenant shall become a tenant at sufferance only, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Lease so far as applicable (including Tenant's
obligation to pay all Direct Expenses and Utilities Costs and any other
additional rent under this Lease), but at a Monthly Basic Rent equal to the
greater of: (a) one hundred fifty percent (150 of the Monthly Basic Rent
applicable to the Premises immediately prior to the date of such expiration or
earlier termination; or (b) one hundred fifty percent (150 of the prevailing
market rate excluding any rental or other concessions (as reasonably determined
by Landlord) for the Premises in effect on the date of such expiration or
earlier termination. Acceptance by Landlord of rent after such expiration or
earlier termination shall not constitute a consent to a hold over hereunder or
result in an extension of this Lease. Tenant shall pay an entire month's Monthly
Basic Rent calculated in accordance with this Section 9.3 for any portion of a
month it holds over and remains in possession of the Premises pursuant to this
Section 9.3.

9.4 NO EFFECT ON LANDLORD'S RIGHTS. The foregoing provisions of this Section
9 are in addition to, and do not affect, Landlord's right of re-entry or any
other rights of Landlord hereunder or otherwise provided by law or equity.

10. TAXES ON TENANT'S PROPERTY. Tenant shall be liable for, and shall pay
before delinquency, all taxes and assessments (real and personal) levied against
(a) any personal property or trade fixtures placed by Tenant in or about the
Premises (including any increase in the assessed value of the Premises based
upon the value of any such personal property or trade fixtures); and (b) any
Tenant Improvements or alterations in the Premises (whether installed and/or
paid for by Landlord or Tenant) to the extent such items are assessed at a
valuation higher than the valuation at which tenant improvements conforming to
the Building's standard tenant improvements are assessed. If any such taxes or
assessments are levied against Landlord or Landlord's property, Landlord may,
after written notice to Tenant (and under proper protest if requested by Tenant)
pay such taxes and assessments, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord therefor
within ten (10) business days after demand by Landlord; provided, however,
Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall have the right, with Landlord's
cooperation, to bring suit in any court of competent jurisdiction to recover the
amount of any such taxes and assessments so paid under protest.

11. CONDITION OF PREMISES; REPAIRS.

11.1 CONDITION OF PREMISES. Tenant acknowledges that, except as otherwise
expressly set forth in this Lease, neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord
has made any representation or warranty with respect to the Premises, the
Building, the Site or the Project or their condition, or with respect to the
suitability thereof for the conduct of Tenant's business. The taking of
possession of the Premises by Tenant shall conclusively establish that the
Project, the Site, the Premises, the Tenant Improvements therein, the Building
and the Common Areas were at such time complete and in good, sanitary and
satisfactory condition and repair with all work required to be performed by
Landlord, if any, pursuant to Exhibit "C" completed and without any obligation
on Landlord's part to make any alterations, upgrades or improvements thereto,
except for patent and latent defects not caused by Tenant for which Landlord is
responsible to repair pursuant to the terms of this Lease.

11.2 LANDLORD'S REPAIR OBLIGATIONS. Subject to Section 18.1 and 18.2 of this
Lease, Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expenses and not as part of the
Operating Expenses, repair, maintain and replace, as necessary the Base, Shell
and Core of the Building and other structural portions of the Building and the
Common Areas (including structural walls, concrete sub-flooring, structural
elements of the roof, foundations and underground utilities, except where the
utility company has assumed such responsibility).

-12-

Subject to Sections 18.1 and 18.2 of this Lease, Landlord shall, as part of
Operating Expenses, repair, maintain and repair, as necessary (a) the Building
systems, including, without limitation, the basic heating, ventilating, air
conditioning ("HVAC"), sprinkler and electrical systems within the Building core
and standard conduits, connections and distribution systems thereof within the
Premises and Building standard restrooms (but not the Tenant Improvements or any
above standard improvements installed in the Premises such as, for example, but
not by way of limitation, custom lighting, special or supplementary HVAC or
plumbing systems or distribution extensions, special or supplemental electrical
panels or distribution systems, or kitchen or restroom facilities and appliances
to the extent such facilities and appliances are intended for the exclusive use
of Tenant), and (b) the Common Areas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the
extent such maintenance, repairs or replacements are required as a result of any
act, neglect, fault or omission of Tenant or any of Tenant's agents, employees,
contractors, licensees or invitees and are not covered by the insurance
maintained or required to be maintained hereunder by Landlord, Tenant shall pay
to Landlord, as additional rent, the costs of such maintenance, repairs and
replacements. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for failure to perform any
such maintenance, repairs or replacements, unless Landlord shall fail to make
such maintenance, repairs or replacements and such failure shall continue for an
unreasonable time following written notice from Tenant to Landlord of the need
therefor. Without limiting the foregoing, Tenant waives the right to make
repairs at Landlord's expense under any law, statute or ordinance now or
hereafter in effect (including the provisions of California Civil Code Section
1942 and any successive sections or statutes of a similar nature).

11.3 TENANT'S REPAIR OBLIGATIONS. Except for Landlord's obligations
specifically set forth in Sections 11.1. 11.2, 16.1, 18.1 and 19.2 hereof,
Tenant shall at all times and at Tenant's sole cost and expense, keep, maintain,
clean, repair, preserve and replace, as necessary, the Premises and all parts
thereof including, without limitation, all Tenant Improvements, Tenant Changes,
utility meters, all special or supplemental HVAC systems, electrical systems,
pipes and conduits, located within the Premises, all fixtures, furniture and
equipment, Tenant's storefront (if any), Tenant's signs, locks, closing devices,
security devices, windows, window sashes, casements and frames, floors and floor
coverings, shelving, kitchen and/or restroom facilities and appliances located
within the Premises to the extent such facilities and appliances are intended
for the exclusive use of Tenant, if any, custom lighting, and any alterations,
additions and other property located within the Premises in first-class
condition and repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Tenant shall replace,
at its expense, any and all interior glazing, doors and plate and other glass in
the Premises (but not Building windows or doors) which is damaged or broken from
any cause whatsoever except due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
Landlord, its agents or employees. Such maintenance and repairs shall be
performed with due diligence, lien-free and in a first-class and workmanlike
manner, by licensed contractor(s) which are selected by Tenant and approved by
Landlord, which approval Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold or delay.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease, Landlord shall have no
obligation to alter, remodel, improve, repair, renovate, redecorate or paint all
or any part of the Premises.

12. ALTERATIONS.

12.1 TENANT CHANGES; CONDITIONS. After installation of the initial Tenant
Improvements for the Premises pursuant to Exhibit "C", Tenant may, at its sole
cost and expense, make alterations, additions, improvements and decorations to
the Premises (collectively, "TENANT CHANGES") subject to and upon the following
terms and conditions:

(a) Notwithstanding any provision in this Section 12 to the contrary, Tenant
 is absolutely prohibited from making any alterations, additions,
 improvements or decorations which: (i) affect any area outside the
 Premises; (ii) affect the Building's structure, equipment, services or
 systems, or the proper functioning thereof, or Landlord's access
 thereto; (iii) affect the outside appearance, character or use of the
 Project, the Building or the Common Areas; (iv) weaken or impair the
 structural strength of the Building; (v) in the reasonable opinion of
 Landlord, lessen the value of the Project or Building; or (vi) will
 violate or require a change in any occupancy certificate applicable to
 the Premises.

(b) Before proceeding with any Tenant Change which is not otherwise
 prohibited in Section 12.1(a) above, Tenant must first obtain Landlord's
 written approval thereof (including approval of all plans,
 specifications and working drawings for such Tenant Change), which
 approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. However,
 Landlord's prior approval shall not be required for any Tenant Change
 (other than Tenant Changes for the Patio) which satisfies the following
 conditions (hereinafter a "PRE-APPROVED CHANGE"): (i) the costs of such
 Tenant Change does not exceed Five Thousand Dollars 5,000.00)
 individually; (ii) the costs of such Tenant Change when aggregated with
 the costs of all other Tenant Changes made by Tenant during the Term of
 this Lease do not exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000.00); (iii)
 Tenant delivers to Landlord final plans, specifications and working
 drawings for such Tenant Change at least ten (10) days prior to
 commencement of the work thereof; and (iv) Tenant and such Tenant Change
 otherwise satisfy all other conditions set forth in this Section 12.1.
 In addition to obtaining Landlord's consent to Tenant Changes for the
 Patio pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 12.(b), Tenant must
 obtain Landlord's consent (which may not be unreasonably withheld or
 delayed) to the placement of any furniture or plants on the Patio if the
 same are visible from other locations of the Project.

-13-
 
(c) After Landlord has approved the Tenant Changes and the plans,
 specifications and working drawings therefor (or is deemed to have
 approved the Pre-Approved Changes as set forth in Section 12.1(b)
 above), Tenant shall: (i) enter into an agreement for the performance of
 such Tenant Changes with such contractors and subcontractors selected by
 Tenant and approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be
 unreasonably withheld or delayed; (ii) before proceeding with any Tenant
 Change (including any Pre-Approved Change), provide Landlord with ten
 (10) days' prior written notice thereof; and (iii) pay to Landlord,
 within ten (10) days after written demand, the costs of any increased
 insurance premiums incurred by Landlord to include such Tenant Changes
 in the fire and extended coverage insurance obtained by Landlord
 pursuant to Section 21 below. However, Landlord shall be required to
 include the Tenant Changes under such insurance only to the extent such
 insurance is actually obtained by Landlord and such Tenant Changes are
 insurable under such insurance; if such Tenant Changes are not or cannot
 be included in Landlord's insurance, Tenant shall insure the Tenant
 Changes under its casualty insurance pursuant to Section 20.1(a) below.
 In addition, before proceeding with any Tenant Change, Tenant's
 contractors shall obtain, on behalf of Tenant and at Tenant's sole cost
 and expense: (A) all necessary governmental permits and, approvals for
 the commencement and completion of such Tenant Change; and (B) if
 required by Landlord, a completion and lien indemnity bond, or other
 surety, satisfactory to Landlord for any such Tenant Change that is in
 excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000.00). Landlord's approval of
 any contractor(s) and subcontractor(s) of Tenant shall not release
 Tenant or any such contractor(s) and/or subcontractor(s) from any
 liability for any conduct or acts of such contractor(s) and/or
 subcontractor(s).

(d) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as additional rent, the reasonable and
 actual costs of Landlord's engineers and other consultants (but not
 Landlord's on-site management personnel) for review of all plans,
 specifications and working drawings for the Tenant Changes, within ten
 (10) business days after Tenant's receipt of invoices either from
 Landlord or such consultants. In addition to such costs, Tenant shall
 pay to Landlord, within ten (10) business days after completion of any
 Tenant Change, the actual, reasonable costs incurred by Landlord for
 services rendered by Landlord's management personnel and engineers to
 coordinate and/or supervise any of the Tenant Changes to the extent such
 services are provided in excess of or after the normal on-site hours of
 such engineers and management personnel.

(e) All Tenant Changes shall be performed: (i) in accordance with the
 approved plans, specifications and working drawings; (ii) lien-free and
 in a first-class workmanlike manner; (iii) in compliance with all laws,
 rules, regulations of all governmental agencies and authorities
 including, without limitation, the provisions of the ADA; (iv) in such a
 manner so as not to unreasonably interfere with the occupancy of any
 other tenant in the Project or Building, nor impose any additional
 expense upon nor delay Landlord in the maintenance and operation of the
 Project or Building; and (v) at such times, in such manner and subject
 to such rules and regulations as Landlord may from time to time
 reasonably designate.

(f) Throughout the performance of the Tenant Changes, Tenant shall obtain,
 or cause its contractors to obtain, workers compensation insurance and
 general liability insurance in compliance with the provisions of Section
 20 of this Lease.

12.2 REMOVAL OF TENANT CHANGES AND TENANT IMPROVEMENTS. All Tenant Changes
and the initial Tenant Improvements in the Premises (whether installed or paid
for by Landlord or Tenant), shall become the property of Landlord and shall
remain upon and be surrendered with the Premises at the end of the Term of this
Lease; provided, however, Landlord may, by written notice delivered to Tenant at
any time prior to the date which is thirty (30) days before the expiration of
the Lease Term (or immediately upon any sooner termination of this Lease)
identify those items of the Tenant Improvements and Tenant Changes which
Landlord shall require Tenant to remove at the end of the Term of this Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing (i) Landlord may only require Tenant to remove
those items of the initial Tenant Improvements by giving Tenant written notice
of such requirement at the time of Landlord's approval thereof and (ii) Landlord
may only require Tenant to remove Tenant Changes for which Tenant has requested
Landlord's approval if, at the time of Tenant's request for approval, Tenant
also requested Landlord to make such election at that time and Landlord actually
gave Tenant written notice at the time of Landlord's approval that Landlord
would require the removal of the Tenant Changes. If Landlord requires Tenant to
remove any such items as described above, Tenant shall, at its sole cost, remove
the identified items on or before the expiration or sooner termination of this
Lease and repair any damage to the Premises caused by such removal (or, at
Landlord's option, shall pay to Landlord all of Landlord's costs of such removal
and repair if Landlord actually removes such items).

12.3 REMOVAL OF PERSONAL PROPERTY. All articles of personal property owned by
Tenant or installed by Tenant at its expense in the Premises (including business
and trade fixtures, furniture and moveable partitions) shall be, and remain, the
property of Tenant, and shall be removed by Tenant from the Premises, at
Tenant's sole cost and expense, on or before the expiration or sooner
termination of this Lease. Tenant shall promptly repair any damage caused by
such removal.

12.4 TENANT'S FAILURE TO REMOVE. If Tenant fails to remove by the expiration
or sooner termination of this Lease all of its personal property, or any items
of Tenant Improvements or Tenant Changes identified

-14-

by Landlord for removal pursuant to Section 12,2 above, or if Tenant fails to
comply with its obligations under Section 12.3, Landlord may, without liability
to Tenant for loss thereof, at Tenant's sole cost and in addition to Landlord's
other rights and remedies under this Lease, at law or in equity: (a) remove and
store such items in accordance with applicable law; and/or (b) upon ten (10)
days' prior notice to Tenant, sell all or any such items at private or public
sale for such price as Landlord may obtain as permitted under applicable law.
Landlord shall apply the proceeds of any such sale to any amounts due to
Landlord under this Lease from Tenant (including Landlord's attorneys' fees and
other costs incurred in the removal, storage and/or sale of such items), with
any remainder to be paid to Tenant.

12.5 BACKUP GENERATOR AND SUPPLEMENTAL HVAC. Subject to Landlord's prior
approval of all plans and specifications, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, and compliance with the provisions of Section 12 of this
Lease, Landlord shall permit Tenant to install and maintain, at Tenant's sole
cost and expense, a backup diesel-powered generator at the location shown on
Exhibit "A" and/or a supplemental HVAC unit at a location designated by Landlord
and reasonably acceptable to Tenant. Such backup generator shall be used by
Tenant only during (i) testing and regular maintenance, and (ii) any period of
electrical power outage in the Project. Tenant shall be entitled to operate the
generator for testing and regular maintenance only at times reasonably approved
by Landlord. Tenant shall submit the specifications for design, operation,
installation and maintenance of the backup generator and supplemental HVAC unit
for Landlord's consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed and may be conditioned on Tenant complying with such reasonable
requirements imposed by landlord, based on the advice of Landlord's structural
and mechanical engineers, so that the Project's systems and equipment are not
adversely affected. Any repairs and maintenance of such generator and
supplemental HVAC unit shall be the sole responsibility of Tenant and Landlord
makes no representation or warranty with respect to such generator. The backup
generator will be considered to be Tenant's personal property (and not Tenant
Changes or Tenant Improvements), will not constitute a Tenant Improvement
Allowance Item and will constitute a portion of the Premises for purposes of
Sections 17 and 20. The supplemental HVAC unit will be considered to be a Tenant
Change, will constitute a Tenant Improvement Allowance Item and will constitute
a portion of the Premises for purposes of Sections 17 and 20.

12.6 TENANT SECURITY SYSTEM. Subject to Landlord's prior approval of all
plans and specifications, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and
in compliance with the provisions of Section 12 of this Lease, Landlord shall
permit Tenant, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, to integrate Tenant's security
system into the Building system and install card readers in the stairwells so
that Tenant's employees can use the stairwells to transition between floors of
the Premises. Tenant's obligations under Section 17.2 of this Lease shall also
apply to Tenant's use and operation of such security system, and such security
system shall be considered a Tenant Change.

13. LIENS. Tenant shall not permit any mechanic's, materialmen's or other
liens to be filed against all or any part of the Project, the Site, the Building
or the Premises, nor against Tenant's leasehold interest in the Premises, by
reason of or in connection with any repairs, alterations, improvements or other
work contracted for or undertaken by Tenant or any other act or omission of
Tenant or Tenant's agents, employees, contractors, licensees or invitees. Tenant
shall, at Landlord's request, provide Landlord with enforceable, unconditional
and final lien releases (and other evidence reasonably requested by Landlord to
demonstrate protection from liens) from all persons furnishing labor and/or
materials with respect to the Premises. Landlord shall have the right at all
reasonable times to post on the Premises and record any notices of
non-responsibility which it deems necessary for protection from such liens. If
any such liens are filed, Tenant shall, at its sole cost, immediately cause such
lien to be released of record or bonded to Landlord's reasonable satisfaction so
that it no longer affects title to the Project, the Site, the Building or the
Premises. If Tenant fails to cause such lien to be so released or bonded within
twenty (20) days after filing thereof, Landlord may, without waiving its rights
and remedies based on such breach, and without releasing Tenant from any of its
obligations and upon not less than five (5) days' prior written notice to Tenant
(except no notice will be required if doing so would subject the Project to
foreclosure by the lien), cause such lien to be released by any means it shall
deem proper, including payment in satisfaction of the claim giving rise to such
lien. Tenant shall pay to Landlord within five (5) days after receipt of invoice
from Landlord, any sum paid by Landlord to remove such liens, together with
interest at the Interest Rate from the date of such payment by Landlord.

14. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.

14.1 RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Section 14, Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord,
which consent Landlord will not unreasonably withhold, assign this Lease or any
interest herein or sublet the Premises or any part thereof, or permit the use or
occupancy of the Premises by any party other than Tenant (any such assignment,
encumbrance, sublease, license or the like shall sometimes be referred to as a
"TRANSFER"). In no event may Tenant encumber this Lease. Any Transfer without
Landlord's consent (except for a Permitted Transfer pursuant to Section 14.2
below) shall constitute a default by Tenant under this Lease, and in addition to
all of Landlord's other remedies at law, in equity or under this Lease, such
Transfer shall be voidable at Landlord's election. In addition, this Lease shall
not, nor shall any Interest of Tenant herein, be assignable by operation of law
without the written consent of Landlord. For purposes of this Section 14, other
than with respect to a Permitted Transfer under Section 14.2 and transfers of
stock of Tenant if Tenant is a publicly-held corporation (or will be in the case
of an initial public offering) and such stock is

-15-

transferred publicly over a recognized security exchange or over-the-counter
market, if Tenant is a corporation, partnership or other entity, any transfer,
assignment, encumbrance or hypothecation of forty percent (40 or more
(individually or in the aggregate) of any stock or other ownership interest in
such entity, and/or any transfer, assignment, hypothecation or encumbrance of
any controlling ownership or voting interest in such entity, shall be deemed an
assignment of this Lease and shall be subject to all of the restrictions and
provisions contained in this Section 14. The reincorporation of Tenant in
another state in the United States will not constitute an assignment provided
(i) the newly incorporated entity assumes, as a matter of law, the obligations
of Tenant hereunder; (ii) the newly incorporated entity has a net worth that is
not less than the net worth of Tenant immediately prior to such reincorporation
and (iii) Tenant gives Landlord written notice of such reincorporation and
evidence that the conditions in clauses (i) and (ii) have been satisfied within
ten (10) days following such reincorporation.

14.2 PERMITTED TRANSFERS. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 14.1
above to the contrary, Tenant may assign this Lease or sublet the Premises or
any portion thereof (herein, a "PERMITTED TRANSFER"), without Landlord's consent
and without extending any sublease option to Landlord, to any corporation which
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Tenant, or to any
corporation resulting from a merger or consolidation with Tenant, or to any
person or entity which acquires all the assets of Tenant's business as a going
concern, provided that: (a) at least twenty (20) days prior to such assignment
or sublease, Tenant delivers to Landlord the financial statements and other
financial and background information of the assignee or sublessee described in
Section 14.3 below; (b) if an assignment, the assignee assumes, in full, the
obligations of Tenant under this Lease (or if a sublease, the sublessee of a
portion of the Premises or Term assumes, in full, the obligations of Tenant with
respect to such portion); (c) the financial net worth of the assignee or
sublessee equals or exceeds that of Tenant as of the date of execution of this
Lease; (d) Tenant remains fully liable under this Lease; (e) the use of the
Premises under Article 6 remains unchanged; and (f) such transaction is not
entered into as a subterfuge to avoid the restrictions and provisions of this
Section 14.

14.3 LANDLORD'S OPTIONS. If at any time or from time to time during the Term
Tenant desires to effect a Transfer, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord written
notice ("TRANSFER NOTICE") setting forth the terms and provisions of the
proposed Transfer and the identity of the proposed assignee, sublessee or other
transferee (sometimes referred to hereinafter as a "TRANSFEREE"). Tenant shall
also deliver to Landlord with the Transfer Notice, a current financial statement
and financial statements for the preceding two (2) years of the Transferee (to
the extent the Transferee has been in existence for such period) which have been
certified by an authorized officer of such Transferee or by a reputable
independent accounting firm acceptable to Landlord, and such other information
concerning the business background and financial condition of the proposed
Transferee as Landlord may reasonably request. Except with respect to a
Permitted Transfer, Landlord shall have the option, exercisable by written
notice delivered to Tenant within ten (10) business days after Landlord's
receipt of the Transfer Notice, such financial statements and other information,
either to:

(a) approve or disapprove such Transfer, which approval shall not be
 unreasonably withheld; or

(b) in the event the Transfer is a sublease of the entire Premises ("SPECIAL
 SUBLEASE"), terminate this Lease with respect to the entire Premises and
 recapture the Premises, which termination shall be effective thirty (30)
 days after Tenant's receipt of Landlord's notice; provided, however,
 Tenant may nullify such termination by giving Landlord written notice,
 within ten (10) business days following Tenant's receipt of Landlord's
 termination notice, that Tenant has rescinded the proposed Transfer.

14.4 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS; EXCESS RENT. If Landlord approves of the proposed
Transfer pursuant to Section 14.3(a) above, Tenant may enter into the proposed
Transfer with such proposed Transferee subject to the following further
conditions:

(a) the Transfer shall be on the same terms set forth in the Transfer Notice
 delivered to Landlord (if the terms have changed, Tenant must submit a
 revised Transfer Notice to Landlord and Landlord shall have another
 twenty (20) days after receipt thereof to make the election in Sections
 14.3(a) or 14.3(b) above);

(b) no Transfer shall be valid and no Transferee shall take possession of
 the Premises until an executed counterpart of the assignment, sublease
 or other instrument affecting the Transfer has been delivered to
 Landlord pursuant to which the Transferee shall expressly assume all of
 Tenant's obligations under this Lease (or with respect to a sublease of
 a portion of the Premises or for a portion of the Term, all of Tenant's
 obligations applicable to such portion);

(c) no Transferee shall have a further right to assign, encumber or sublet,
 except on the terms herein contained; and

(d) if any rent or other economic consideration received by Tenant as a
 result of such Transfer exceeds, in the aggregate, (i) the total rent
 which Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord under this Lease (prorated to
 reflect obligations allocable to any portion of the Premises subleased),
 plus (ii) any reasonable brokerage commissions, attorneys' fees, tenant
 improvements and moving costs actually paid by Tenant in connection with
 such Transfer, then fifty percent (50 of such

-16-

excess shall be paid to Landlord within ten (10) days after receipt
 thereof as additional rental under this Lease, without affecting or
 reducing any other obligations of Tenant hereunder.

14.5 REASONABLE DISAPPROVAL. Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge that
Landlord's disapproval of any proposed Transfer (other than a Permitted
Transfer) pursuant to Section 14.3(a) shall be deemed reasonably withheld if
based upon any reasonable factor, including, without limitation, any or all of
the following factors: (a) the proposed Transfer would result in more than two
subleases of portions of the Premises being in effect at any one time during the
Term; (b) the net effective rent payable by the Transferee (adjusted on a
rentable square foot basis) is less than the net effective rent then being
quoted by Landlord for new leases in the Building for comparable size space for
a comparable period of time (however, this factor may only be considered if
Landlord has space at the Project that can satisfy such Transferee's space
needs); (c) the proposed Transferee is an existing tenant of the Project (and
Landlord has space at the Project that can satisfy such Transferee's space
needs) or the proposed Transferee is negotiating with Landlord (or has
negotiated with Landlord in the last two (2) months) for space in the Project;
(d) the portion of the Premises to be sublet or assigned is irregular in shape
with inadequate means of ingress and egress; (e) the use of the Premises by the
Transferee (i) is not permitted by the use provisions in Section 6 hereof, or
(ii) violates any exclusive use granted by Landlord to another tenant in the
Building; (f) the Transfer would likely result in significant increase in the
use of the parking areas or Common Areas by the Transferee's employees or
visitors, and/or significantly increase the demand upon utilities and services
to be provided by Landlord to the Premises; (g) the Transferee does not have the
financial capability to fulfill the obligations imposed by the Transfer; or (h)
the Transferee is not in Landlord's reasonable opinion of reputable or good
character or consistent with Landlord's desired tenant mix. Notwithstanding any
contrary provision of this Lease, if Tenant or any proposed Transferee claims
that Landlord has unreasonably withheld or delayed its consent to a proposed
Transfer or otherwise has breached its obligations under this Section 14,
Tenant's and such Transferee's only remedy shall be to seek a declaratory
judgment and/or injunctive relief, and Tenant, on behalf of itself and, to the
extent permitted by law, such proposed Transferee waives all other remedies
against Landlord, including, without limitation, the right to seek monetary
damages or to terminate this Lease.

14.6 NO RELEASE. No Transfer shall release Tenant of Tenant's obligations
under this Lease or alter the primary liability of Tenant to pay the rent and to
perform all other obligations to be performed by Tenant hereunder. Landlord may
require that any Transferee remit directly to Landlord on a monthly basis, all
monies due Tenant by said Transferee. However, the acceptance of rent by
Landlord from any other person shall not be deemed to be a waiver by Landlord of
any provision hereof except to the extent of the rent so accepted. Consent by
Landlord to one Transfer shall not be deemed consent to any subsequent Transfer.
In the event of default by any Transferee of Tenant or any successor of Tenant
in the performance of any of the terms hereof, Landlord may proceed directly
against Tenant without the necessity of exhausting remedies against such
Transferee or successor. Landlord may consent to subsequent assignments of the
Lease or sublettings or amendments or modifications to the Lease with assignees
of Tenant, without notifying Tenant, or any successor of Tenant, and without
obtaining its or their consent thereto and any such actions shall not relieve
Tenant of liability under this Lease; provided, however, if Landlord amends this
Lease without the consent of Tenant and such amendment increases the obligations
of the Tenant hereunder, then Tenant will not be liable for that portion of the
obligations hereunder that were so increased.

14.7 ADMINISTRATIVE AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. If Tenant effects a Transfer or
requests the consent of Landlord to any Transfer, then Tenant shall, upon
demand, pay Landlord a non-refundable administrative fee, plus any reasonable
attorneys' and paralegal fees and costs incurred by Landlord in connection with
such Transfer or request for consent (whether attributable to Landlord's
in-house attorneys or paralegals or otherwise) in an aggregate amount not to
exceed One Thousand Dollars 1,000.00) (in 1999 Dollars). Acceptance of the
administrative fee and/or reimbursement of Landlord's attorneys' and paralegal
fees shall in no event obligate Landlord to consent to any proposed Transfer.

14.8 MATERIAL INDUCEMENT. Tenant understands, acknowledges and agrees that
(a) Landlord's option to terminate this Lease and recapture the Premises from
Tenant in the case of a Special Sublease as provided in Section 14.3(b) above
rather than approve the proposed sublease, and (b) Landlord's right to receive
fifty percent (50 of any excess consideration paid by a Transferee in
connection with an approved Transfer as provided in Section 14.4(d) above, are a
material inducement for Landlord's agreement to lease the Premises to Tenant
upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.

15. ENTRY BY LANDLORD. Landlord and its employees and agents shall at all
reasonable times have the right to enter the Premises to inspect the same, to
supply janitorial service and any other service required to be provided by
Landlord to Tenant under this Lease, to exhibit the Premises to prospective
lenders or purchasers (or during the last year of the Term, to prospective
tenants), to post notices of nonresponsibility, and/or to alter, improve or
repair the Premises (in accordance with this Lease) or any other portion of the
Building or Project, all without being deemed guilty of or liable for any breach
of Landlord's covenant of quiet enjoyment or any eviction of Tenant, and without
abatement of rent. In exercising such entry rights, Landlord shall endeavor to
minimize, as reasonably practicable, the interference with Tenant's business,
and shall provide Tenant with reasonable advance written notice of such entry
(except in emergency situations and for scheduled services). For each of the
foregoing purposes, Landlord shall at all times have and retain a key with which
to unlock all of the doors in, upon and about the Premises, excluding Tenant's
vaults and safes, and Landlord shall have the means which Landlord may deem

-17-

proper to open said doors in an emergency in order to obtain entry to the
Premises. Any entry to the Premises obtained by Landlord by any of said means or
otherwise shall not under any circumstances be construed or deemed to be a
forcible or unlawful entry into, or a detainer of, the Premises, or an eviction
of Tenant from the Premises or any portion thereof, or grounds for any abatement
or reduction of rent and Landlord shall not have any liability to Tenant for any
damages or losses on account of any such entry by Landlord except, subject to
the provisions of Section 22.1, to the extent of Landlord's gross negligence or
willful misconduct.

16. UTILITIES AND SERVICES.

16.1 STANDARD UTILITIES AND SERVICES. Landlord shall provide the following
services on all days during the Lease Term, unless otherwise stated below.

(a) Subject to all governmental rules, regulations and guidelines applicable
 thereto, Landlord shall provide heating, ventilation and air
 conditioning ("HVAC") when necessary for normal comfort for normal
 office use in the Premises, during the Business Hours of the Building,
 except for Building Holidays; provided, that notwithstanding the
 foregoing, Landlord may separately meter the Premises and charge Tenant
 based upon Tenant's consumption as provided under Section 16.2 below.

(b) Landlord shall provide adequate electrical wiring and facilities and
 power for normal general office use as reasonably determined by
 Landlord. Landlord shall repair and replace standard lighting. Tenant
 shall bear the cost of replacement of lamps, starters and ballasts for
 non-standard Building lighting fixtures within the Premises.

(c) Landlord shall provide city water from the regular Building outlets for
 drinking, locker room, lavatory and toilet purposes.

(d) Landlord shall provide janitorial services five (5) days per week,
 except the dates of observation of the Building Holidays, in and about
 the Premises.

(e) Landlord shall provide nonexclusive automatic elevator service at all
 times.

16.2 OVERSTANDARD TENANT USE; SEPARATE METER. Tenant shall not, without
Landlord's prior written consent, use heat-generating machines, machines other
than normal fractional horsepower office machines, or equipment or lighting
other than building standard lights in the Premises, which may adversely affect
the temperature otherwise maintained by the air conditioning system or increase
the water normally furnished for the Premises by Landlord pursuant to the terms
of Section 16.1 of this Lease. At Landlord's election, Landlord may separately
meter the Premises for utilities, including without limitation, HVAC, water, gas
and electricity, and Tenant shall pay, at Landlord's election, either directly
to the provider thereof or to Landlord, within ten (10) days after billing, the
cost of Tenant's consumption. To the extent the Premises are not separately
metered or if Landlord's cooperation is necessary in connection therewith, if
Tenant desires to use HVAC during hours other than the Business Hours, (i)
Tenant shall give Landlord such prior notice, as Landlord shall from time to
time establish as appropriate, of Tenant's desired use, (ii) Landlord shall
supply such after-hours HVAC to Tenant at such hourly cost (which shall be
Landlord's actual cost of the use of such HVAC and administrative and overhead
charges (not to exceed five percent (5 of the actual cost of the service
rendered or delivered), and the cost of maintenance and increased wear and tear
on equipment used to provide such after hours HVAC to Tenant as Landlord shall
from time to time reasonably establish in order to reimburse Landlord for such
costs, and (iii) Tenant shall pay such cost within ten (10) days after billing.

16.3 ADDITIONAL SERVICES. Landlord shall also have the exclusive right, but
not the obligation, to provide any additional services which may be required by
Tenant, including, without limitation, locksmithing, additional janitorial
service, and additional repairs and maintenance, provided that Tenant shall pay
to Landlord, within ten (10) days after billing, the sum of all costs to
Landlord of such additional services plus an administration fee in an amount not
to exceed ten (10 of such costs, Charges for any utilities or service for
which Tenant is required to pay from time to time hereunder, shall be deemed
additional rent hereunder and shall be billed on a monthly basis.

16.4 INTERRUPTION OF USE. Landlord's failure to furnish any of the utilities
and services described in Section 16.1 above when such failure is caused by all
or any of the following shall not result in any liability of Landlord: (a)
accident, breakage or repairs; (b) strikes, lockouts or other labor disturbances
or labor disputes of any such character; (c) governmental regulation, moratorium
or other governmental action; (d) inability, despite the exercise of reasonable
diligence, to obtain electricity, water or fuel; or (e) any other cause beyond
Landlord's reasonable control. In addition, in the event of the failure of any
said utilities or services, Tenant shall not be entitled to any abatement or
reduction of rent (except as expressly provided below and in Sections 18.3 and
19.2 if such failure is a result of a damage or taking described therein), no
eviction of Tenant shall result, and Tenant shall not be relieved from the
performance of any covenant or agreement in this Lease. In the event of any
stoppage or interruption of services or utilities, Landlord shall diligently
attempt to resume such services or utilities as promptly as practicable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event (an "ABATEMENT EVENT") that Tenant
cannot reasonably use, and does not use, the Premises or any portion thereof, as
a result of (a) any failure by Landlord to supply any of the Building's
sanitary, heating, air conditioning, water, elevator, life safety or other
essential systems serving

-18-
 
the Premises (collectively, the "ESSENTIAL SERVICES"), or (b) any failure by
Landlord to make repairs or perform any maintenance under Section 11.2 of this
Lease, then Tenant shall give Landlord notice of such Abatement Event, and if
such Abatement Event continues for (a) with respect to an Abatement Event over
which Landlord does not have reasonable control, forty-five (45) consecutive
calendar days, and (b) with respect to an Abatement Event over which Landlord
has reasonable control, five (5) consecutive business days, after Landlord's
receipt of any such notice (the "ELIGIBILITY PERIOD"), then the Monthly Basic
Rent and Tenant's Percentage of Direct Expenses and (to the extent not
separately metered to the Premises) Utilities Costs shall be abated or reduced,
as the case may be, after the expiration of the Eligibility Period for such time
that Tenant continues to be so prevented from using, and does not use, the
Premises or a portion thereof, in the proportion that the rentable area of the
portion of the Premises that Tenant cannot reasonably use, and does not use,
bears to the total rentable area of the Premises; provided, however, in the
event that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, a portion of the
Premises for a period of time in excess of the Eligibility Period and the
remaining portion of the Premises is not sufficient to allow Tenant to
effectively conduct its business therein, and if Tenant does not conduct its
business from such remaining portion, then for such time after expiration of the
Eligibility Period during which Tenant is so prevented from effectively
conducting its business therein, the Monthly Basic Rent and Tenant's Percentage
of Direct Expenses and (to the extent not separately metered to the Premises)
Utilities Costs shall be abated for such time as Tenant continues to be so
prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises. If, however, Tenant
reoccupies any portion of the Premises during such period, the Monthly Basic
Rent and Tenant's Percentage of Direct Expenses and (to the extent not
separately metered to the Premises) Utilities Costs allocable to such reoccupied
portion, based on the proportion that the rentable area of such reoccupied
portion of the Premises bears to the total rentable area of the Premises, shall
be payable by Tenant from the date Tenant reoccupies such portion of the
Premises. Such right to abate Monthly Basic Rent and Tenant's Percentage of
Direct Expenses and (to the extent not separately metered to the Premises)
Utilities Costs shall be Tenant's sole and exclusive remedy at law or in equity
for an Abatement Event. Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
restore any Essential Services or make any repairs or perform any maintenance
that is the subject of any Abatement Event. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Lease, but subject to the provisions of Section 18
which shall apply in the event of damage or destruction, upon the occurrence of
an Abatement Event and the continuation thereof in a manner that would prevent
Tenant's operation of its business in the Premises for a period of time greater
than ninety (90) days after the date Landlord receives notice of such Abatement
Event, then Tenant may elect to terminate this Lease upon written notice to
Landlord. Except as provided in this Section 16.3, nothing contained herein
shall be interpreted to mean that Tenant is excused from paying rent due
hereunder.

17. INDEMNIFICATION AND EXCULPATION.

17.1 TENANT'S ASSUMPTION OF RISK AND WAIVER. Except to the extent such matter
is not covered by the insurance required to be maintained by Tenant under this
Lease and such matter is attributable to the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of Landlord, Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, Tenant's
employees, agents or invitees for: (i) any damage to property of Tenant, or of
others, located in, on or about the Premises, nor for (ii) the loss of or damage
to any property of Tenant or of others by theft or otherwise, (iii) any injury
or damage to persons or property resulting from fire, explosion, falling
plaster, steam, gas, electricity, water, rain or leaks from any part of the
Premises or from the pipes, appliance of plumbing works or from the roof, street
or subsurface or from any other places or by dampness or by any other cause of
whatsoever nature, or (iv) any such damage caused by other tenants or persons in
the Premises, occupants of adjacent property of the Project, or the public, or
caused by operations in construction of any private, public or quasi-public
work. Unless caused by the intentionally tortious conduct of Landlord, Landlord
shall not be liable to Tenant for any consequential damages or for loss of
revenue or income and Tenant waives any and all claims for any such damages.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 17.1, all
property of Tenant, its agents, employees and invitees kept or stored on the
Premises, whether leased or owned by any such parties, shall be so kept or
stored at the sole risk of Tenant and Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless from
any claims arising out of damage to the same, including subrogation claims by
Tenant's insurance carriers, unless such damage shall be caused by the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord. Landlord or its agents shall not
be liable for interference with the light or other intangible rights.

17.2 TENANT'S INDEMNIFICATION OF LANDLORD. Tenant shall be liable for, and
shall indemnify, defend, protect and hold Landlord and Landlord's partners,
officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively,
"LANDLORD INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") harmless from and against, any and all claims,
damages, judgments, suits, causes of action, losses, liabilities and expenses,
including attorneys' fees and court costs (collectively, "INDEMNIFIED CLAIMS"),
arising or resulting from (a) any occurrence at the Premises following the date
Landlord delivers all or any portion of the Premises to Tenant, unless caused by
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or its agents, employees
or contractors, (b) any act or omission of Tenant or any of Tenant's agents,
employees, contractors, subtenants, assignees, licensees or, with respect to
acts or omissions within the Premises only, Tenant's invitees (collectively,
"TENANT PARTIES"); (c) the use of the Premises and Common Areas and conduct of
Tenant's business by Tenant or any Tenant Parties, or any other activity, work
or thing done, permitted or suffered by Tenant or any Tenant Parties, in or
about the Premises, the Building or elsewhere in the Project; and/or (d) any
default by Tenant of any obligations on Tenant's part to be performed under the
terms of this Lease. In case any action or proceeding is brought against
Landlord or any Landlord Indemnified Parties by reason of any such Indemnified
Claims, Tenant, upon notice from Landlord, shall defend the same at Tenant's
expense by counsel approved in writing by Landlord, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld.

-19-

17.3 SURVIVAL; NO RELEASE OF INSURERS. Tenant's indemnification obligations
under Section 17.2 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Lease. Tenant's covenants, agreements and indemnification in Sections 17.1 and
17.2 above are not intended to and shall not relieve any insurance carrier of
its obligations under policies required to be carried by Tenant pursuant to the
provisions of this Lease.

18. DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION.

18.1 LANDLORD'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS. In the event the Premises or any part
of the Building is damaged by fire or other casualty, and Landlord's contractor
estimates in a writing delivered to the parties that the damage thereto is such
that the Building and/or Premises may be repaired, reconstructed or restored to
substantially its condition immediately prior to such damage within one hundred
twenty (120) days from the date of commencement of repair, reconstruction or
restoration, and Landlord will receive insurance proceeds sufficient to cover
the costs of such repairs, reconstruction and restoration (including proceeds
from Tenant and/or Tenant's insurance which Tenant is required to deliver to
Landlord pursuant to Section 18.2 below), then Landlord shall commence and
proceed diligently with the work of repair, reconstruction and restoration and
this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If, however, the Premises or
any other part of the Building is damaged and Landlord's contractor estimates
that such work of repair, reconstruction and restoration will require longer
than one hundred twenty (120) days to complete, or Landlord will not receive
insurance proceeds (and/or proceeds from Tenant, as applicable) sufficient to
cover the costs of such repairs, reconstruction and restoration, then Landlord
may elect to either:

(a) repair, reconstruct and restore the portion of the Building and Premises
 damaged by such casualty (including the Tenant Improvements and, to the
 extent of insurance proceeds received from Tenant, Tenant Changes), in
 which case this Lease shall continue in full force and effect; or

(b) terminate this Lease effective as of the date which is thirty (30) days
 after Tenant's receipt of Landlord's election to so terminate.

Under any of the conditions of this Section 18.1, Landlord shall give written
notice to Tenant of its intention to repair or terminate within the later of
sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such casualty, or fifteen (15) days
after Landlord's receipt of the estimate from Landlord's contractor.

18.2 TENANT'S COSTS AND INSURANCE PROCEEDS. In the event of any damage or
destruction of all or any part of the Premises, Tenant shall immediately: (a)
notify Landlord thereof; and (b) deliver to Landlord all insurance proceeds
received by Tenant with respect to the Tenant Improvements and Tenant Changes in
the Premises (excluding proceeds for Tenant's furniture, fixtures and equipment
and other personal property), whether or not this Lease is terminated as
permitted in this Section 18, and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord all rights
to receive such insurance proceeds. If, for any reason (including Tenant's
failure to obtain insurance for the full replacement cost of any Tenant Changes
which Tenant is required to insure pursuant to Sections 12.1(c) and/or 20.1(a)
hereof), Tenant fails to receive insurance proceeds covering the full
replacement cost of such Tenant Changes which are damaged, Tenant shall be
deemed to have self-insured the replacement cost of such Tenant Changes, and
upon any damage or destruction thereto and provided Landlord restores the
Premises, Tenant shall immediately pay to Landlord the full replacement cost of
such items, less any insurance proceeds actually received by Landlord from
Landlord's or Tenant's insurance with respect to such items.

18.3 ABATEMENT OF RENT. In the event that as a result of any such damage,
repair, reconstruction and/or restoration of the Premises or the Building,
Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises or any portion
thereof, then the rent shall be abated or reduced, as the case may be, during
the period that Tenant continues to be so prevented from using and does not use
the Premises or portion thereof, in the proportion that the rentable area of the
portion of the Premises that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use,
bears to the total rentable area of the Premises. Notwithstanding the foregoing
to the contrary, if the damage is due to the negligence or willful misconduct of
Tenant or any Tenant Parties, there shall be no abatement of rent if the rental
interruption insurance carried by Landlord is not payable by reason of such
conduct. Except for abatement of rent as provided hereinabove, Tenant shall not
be entitled to any compensation or damages for loss of, or interference with,
Tenant's business or use or access of all or any part of the Premises resulting
from any such damage, repair, reconstruction or restoration.

18.4 INABILITY TO COMPLETE. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 18, in the event Landlord is obligated or elects to
repair, reconstruct and/or restore the damaged portion of the Building or
Premises pursuant to Section 18.1 above, but is delayed from completing such
repair, reconstruction and/or restoration beyond the date which is six (6)
months after the date estimated by Landlord's contractor for completion thereof
pursuant to Section 18.1, by reason of any causes beyond the reasonable control
of Landlord (including, without limitation, delays due to Force Majeure events
as defined in Section 32.15, and delays caused by Tenant or any Tenant Parties,
but not including financial inability), then Landlord may elect to terminate
this Lease upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Tenant.

 -20-
 
18.5 DAMAGE NEAR END OF TERM. In addition to its termination rights in
Sections 18.1 and 18.4 above, Landlord shall have the right to terminate this
Lease if any damage to the Building or Premises occurs during the last twelve
(12) months of the Term of this Lease and Landlord's contractor estimates in a
writing delivered to the parties that the repair, reconstruction or restoration
of such damage cannot be completed within the earlier of (a) the scheduled
expiration date of the Lease Term, or (b) sixty (60) days after the date of such
casualty; however, if at the time of such election to terminate Tenant has the
right to exercise an Extension Option, then Tenant may rescind Landlord's
election to terminate by exercising the Extension Option within the earlier to
occur of ten (10) days following Landlord's election to terminate or the last
date that Tenant otherwise has to exercise the Extension Option.

18.6 WAIVER OF TERMINATION RIGHT. This Lease sets forth the terms and
conditions upon which this Lease may terminate in the event of any damage or
destruction. Accordingly, the parties hereby waive the provisions of California
Civil Code Section 1932, Subsection 2, and Section 1933, Subsection 4 (and any
successor statutes thereof permitting the parties to terminate this Lease as a
result of any damage or destruction).

19. EMINENT DOMAIN.

19.1 SUBSTANTIAL TAKING. Subject to the provisions of Section 19.4 below in
case the whole of the Premises, or such part thereof as shall substantially
interfere with Tenant's use and occupancy of the Premises, shall be taken for
any public or quasi-public purpose by any lawful power or authority by exercise
of the right of appropriation, condemnation or eminent domain, or sold to
prevent such taking, either party shall have the right to terminate this Lease
effective as of the date possession is required to be surrendered to said
authority.

19.2 PARTIAL TAKING; ABATEMENT OF RENT. In the event of a taking of a portion
of the Premises which does not substantially interfere with the conduct of
Tenant's business, then, except as otherwise provided in the immediately
following sentence, neither party shall have the right to terminate this Lease
and Landlord shall thereafter proceed to make a functional unit of the remaining
portion of the Premises (but only to the extent Landlord receives proceeds
therefor from the condemning authority), and rent shall be abated with respect
to the part of the Premises which Tenant shall be so deprived on account of such
taking.

19.3 CONDEMNATION AWARD. Subject to the provisions of Section 19.4 below, in
connection with any taking of the Premises or Building, Landlord shall be
entitled to receive the entire amount of any award which may be made or given in
such taking or condemnation, without deduction or apportionment for any estate
or interest of Tenant, it being expressly understood and agreed by Tenant that
no portion of any such award shall be allowed or paid to Tenant for any
so-called bonus or excess value of this Lease, and such bonus or excess value
shall be the sole property of Landlord. Tenant shall not assert any claim
against Landlord or the taking authority for any compensation because of such
taking (including any claim for bonus or excess value of this Lease); provided,
however, if any portion of the Premises is taken, Tenant shall be granted the
right to recover from the condemning authority (but not from Landlord) any
compensation for the taking of Tenant's furniture, fixtures, equipment and other
personal property within the Premises, for Tenant's relocation expenses, and for
any loss of goodwill or other damage to Tenant's business by reason of such
taking and for the value of Tenant's interest in any above Building standard
Tenant Improvements or Tenant Changes that were paid for by Tenant (and not from
the Tenant Improvement Allowance).

19.4 TEMPORARY TAKING. In the event of a taking of the Premises or any part
thereof for temporary use, (a) this Lease shall be and remain unaffected thereby
and rent shall not abate, and (b) Tenant shall be entitled to receive for itself
such portion or portions of any award made for such use with respect to the
period of the taking which is within the Term, provided that if such taking
shall remain in force at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease,
Tenant shall perform its obligations under Section 9 with respect to surrender
of the Premises and shall pay to Landlord the portion of any award which is
attributable to any period of time beyond the Term expiration date. For purpose
of this Section 19.4, a temporary taking shall be defined as a taking for a
period of two hundred seventy (270) days or less.

19.5 WAIVER OF TERMINATION RIGHT. This Lease sets forth the terms and
conditions upon which this Lease may terminate in the event of a taking.
Accordingly, the parties waive the provisions of the California Code of Civil
Procedure Section 1265.130 and any successor or similar statutes permitting the
parties to terminate this Lease as a result of a taking.

20. TENANT'S INSURANCE.

20.1 TYPES OF INSURANCE. On or before the earlier of the Commencement Date,
the date Tenant takes possession of the Premises, or the date Tenant commences
or causes to be commenced any work of any type in or on the Premises pursuant to
this Lease, and continuing during the entire Term, Tenant shall obtain and keep
in full force and effect, the following insurance:

(a) Special Form (formerly known as All Risk) insurance, including fire and
 extended coverage, sprinkler leakage, vandalism and malicious mischief
 coverage upon property of every description and kind owned by Tenant and
 located in the Premises or Building, or for which Tenant is legally

 -21-
 
 liable or installed by or on behalf of Tenant including, without
 limitation, furniture, equipment and any other personal property, and
 any Tenant Changes (but excluding the initial Tenant Improvements
 previously existing or installed in the Premises), in an amount not less
 then the full replacement cost thereof. In the event that there shall be
 a dispute as to the amount which comprises full replacement cost, the
 decision of Landlord or the mortgagees of Landlord shall be presumptive.

(b) Commercial general liability insurance coverage on an occurrence basis,
 including personal injury, bodily injury (including wrongful death),
 broad form property damage, operations hazard, owner's protective
 coverage, contractual liability (including Tenant's indemnification
 obligations under this Lease, including Section 17 hereof), liquor
 liability (if Tenant serves alcohol on the Premises), products and
 completed operations liability, and owned/non-owned auto liability, with
 an initial combined single limit of liability of not less than Three
 Million Dollars 3,000,000.00). The limits of liability of such
 commercial general liability insurance shall be increased every five (5)
 years during the Term of this Lease to an amount reasonably required by
 Landlord.

(c) Worker's compensation and employers liability insurance, in statutory
 amounts and limits.

(d) Loss of income, extra expense and business interruption insurance in
 such amounts as will reimburse Tenant for direct or indirect loss of
 earnings attributable to all perils commonly insured against by prudent
 tenants or attributable to prevention of access to the Premises,
 Tenant's parking areas or to the Building as a result of such perils.

(e) Any other form or forms of insurance as Tenant or the mortgagees of
 Landlord may reasonably require from time to time, in form, amounts and
 for insurance risks against which a prudent tenant would protect itself,
 but only to the extent such risks and amounts are available in the
 insurance market at commercially reasonable costs.

20.2 REQUIREMENTS. Each policy required to be obtained by Tenant hereunder
shall: (a) be issued by insurers authorized to do business in the state in which
the Building is located and rated not less than financial class X, and not less
than policyholder rating A in the most recent version of Best's Key Rating Guide
(provided that, in any event, the same insurance company shall provide the
coverages described in Sections 20.1(a) and 20.1(d) above); (b) be in form
reasonably satisfactory from time to time to Landlord; (c) name Tenant as named
insured thereunder and shall name Landlord and, at Landlord's request, such
other persons or entities of which Tenant has been informed in writing, as
additional insureds thereunder, all as their respective interests may appear;
(d) shall not have a deductible amount exceeding Five Thousand Dollars 5,000.00) which deductible amount shall be deemed self-insured with full
waiver of subrogation; (e) specifically provide that the insurance afforded by
such policy for the benefit of Landlord and any other additional insureds shall
be primary, and any insurance carried by Landlord or any other additional
insureds shall be excess and non-contributing; (f) contain an endorsement that
the insurer waives its right to subrogation as described in Section 22 below;
(g) require the insurer to notify Landlord (and any other additional insureds)
in writing not less than thirty (30) days prior to any material change,
reduction in coverage, cancellation or other termination thereof; and (h)
contain a cross liability or severability of interest endorsement. Tenant agrees
to deliver to Landlord, as soon as practicable after the placing of the required
insurance, but in no event later than the date Tenant is required to obtain such
insurance as set forth in Section 20.1 above, certified copies of each such
insurance policy (or certificates from the insurance company evidencing the
existence of such insurance and Tenants compliance with the foregoing provisions
of this Section 20). Tenant shall cause replacement policies or certificates to
be delivered to Landlord not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration
of any such policy or policies. If any such initial or replacement policies or
certificates are not furnished within the time(s) specified herein and such
failure continues for more than ten (10) days following written notice thereof
to Tenant, then Tenant shall be deemed to be in material default under this
Lease without the benefit of any additional notice or cure period provided in
Section 23.1 below, and Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation,
to procure such policies and certificates at Tenant's expense.

20.3 EFFECT ON INSURANCE. Tenant shall not do or permit to be done anything
which will (a) violate or invalidate any insurance policy maintained by Landlord
or Tenant hereunder, or (b) increase the costs of any insurance policy
maintained by Landlord pursuant to Section 21 or otherwise with respect to the
Building or the Project. If Tenant's occupancy or conduct of its business in or
on the Premises results in any increase in premiums for any insurance carried by
Landlord with respect to the Building or the Project, Tenant shall pay such
increase as additional rent within ten (10) days after being billed therefor by
Landlord. If any insurance coverage carried by Landlord pursuant to Section 21
or otherwise with respect to the Building or the Project shall be cancelled or
reduced (or cancellation or reduction thereof shall be threatened) by reason of
the use or occupancy of the Premises by Tenant or by anyone permitted by Tenant
to be upon the Premises, and if Tenant fails to remedy such condition within
five (5) days after notice thereof, Tenant shall be deemed to be in default
under this Lease, without the benefit of any additional notice or cure period
specified in Section 23.1 below, and Landlord shall have all remedies provided
in this Lease, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, the right
(but not the obligation) to enter upon the Premises and attempt to remedy such
condition at Tenant's cost.

21. LANDLORD'S INSURANCE. During the Term, Landlord shall insure the Project
Common Areas, the Building, the Premises and the Tenant Improvements initially
installed in the Premises pursuant to Exhibit

-22-

"C" (excluding, however, Tenant's furniture, equipment and other personal
property and any Tenant Changes) against damage by fire and standard extended
coverage perils and with vandalism and malicious mischief endorsements, rental
loss coverage, at Landlord's option, earthquake damage coverage, and such
additional coverage as Landlord deems appropriate. Landlord shall also carry
commercial general liability insurance, in such reasonable amounts and with such
reasonable deductibles as would be carried by a prudent owner (of similar
financial strength as Landlord) of a similar building in the state in which the
Building is located. At Landlord's option, all such insurance may be carried
under any blanket or umbrella policies which Landlord has in force for other
buildings and projects. In addition, at Landlord's option, and provided Landlord
has a net worth of at least Seventy-Five Million Dollars 75,000,000.00) with
net current assets of at least Twenty-Five Million Dollars 25,000,000.00),
Landlord may elect to self-insure all or any part of such required insurance
coverage. Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, carry any other form or
forms of insurance as Landlord or the mortgagees or ground lessors of Landlord
may reasonably determine is advisable. The cost of insurance obtained by
Landlord pursuant to this Section 21 (including self-insured amounts [determined
based upon the prevailing market rates for similar coverage from insurance
companies satisfying the requirements of Section 20.2] and deductibles) shall be
included in Insurance Costs, except that any increase in the premium for the
property insurance attributable to the replacement cost of the Tenant
Improvements in excess of Building standard shall not be included as Insurance
Costs, but shall be paid by Tenant concurrently with Tenant's monthly
installment of its share of Insurance Costs.

22. WAIVER OF CLAIMS; WAIVER OF SUBROGATION.

22.1 MUTUAL WAIVER OF PARTIES. Landlord and Tenant hereby waive their rights
against each other with respect to any claims or damages or losses which are
caused by or result from (a) any occurrence insured against under any insurance
policy (other than the commercial general liability insurance) carried by
Landlord or Tenant (as the case may be) pursuant to the provisions of this Lease
and enforceable at the time of such damage or loss, or (b) any occurrence which
would have been covered under any insurance (other than the commercial general
liability insurance) required to be obtained and maintained by Landlord or
Tenant (as the case may be) under Sections 20 and 21 of this Lease (as
applicable) had such insurance been obtained and maintained as required therein.
The foregoing waivers shall be in addition to, and not a limitation of, any
other waivers or releases contained in this Lease.

22.2 WAIVER OF INSURERS. Each party shall cause each insurance policy (other
than the commercial general liability insurance) required to be obtained by it
pursuant to Sections 20 and 21 to provide that the insurer waives all rights of
recovery by way of subrogation against either Landlord or Tenant, as the case
may be, in connection with any claims, losses and damages covered by such
policy. If either party fails to maintain any such insurance required hereunder,
such insurance shall be deemed to be self-insured with a deemed full waiver of
subrogation as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence.

23. TENANT'S DEFAULT AND LANDLORD'S REMEDIES.

23.1 TENANT'S DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one or more of the following
events shall constitute a default under this Lease by Tenant:

(a) the vacation or abandonment of the Premises by Tenant. "Abandonment" is
 herein defined to include, but is not limited to, any absence by Tenant
 from the Premises for thirty (30) days or longer while in default of any
 other provision of this Lease;

(b) the failure by Tenant to make any payment of rent or additional rent or
 any other payment required to be made by Tenant hereunder, when such
 failure continues for five (5) business days after written notice
 thereof from Landlord that such payment was not received when due;

(c) the failure by Tenant to observe or perform any of the express or
 implied covenants or provisions of this Lease to be observed or
 performed by Tenant, other than as specified in Sections 23.1(a) or (b)
 above, where such failure shall continue for a period of thirty (30)
 days after written notice thereof from Landlord to Tenant; provided,
 however, that if the nature of Tenant's default is such that more than
 thirty (30) days are reasonably required for its cure, then Tenant shall
 not be deemed to be in default if Tenant shall commence such cure within
 said thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecute such
 cure to completion; and

(d) (i) the making by Tenant or any guarantor hereof of any general
 assignment for the benefit of creditors, (ii) the filing by or against
 Tenant or any guarantor hereof of a petition to have Tenant or any
 guarantor hereof adjudged a bankrupt or a petition for reorganization or
 arrangement under any law relating to bankruptcy (unless, in the case of
 a petition filed against the Tenant or any guarantor hereof, the same is
 dismissed within sixty (60) days), (iii) the appointment of a trustee or
 receiver to take possession of substantially all of Tenant's assets
 located at the Premises or of Tenant's interest in this Lease or of
 substantially all of a guarantors assets, where possession is not
 restored to Tenant or the guarantor within sixty (60) days, or (iv) the
 attachment, execution or other judicial seizure of substantially all of
 Tenant's assets located at the Premises or of Tenant's interest in this
 Lease or of substantially all of a guarantor's assets where such seizure
 is not discharged within sixty (60) days.

-23-

Any notice sent by Landlord to Tenant pursuant to this Section 23.1 shall be in
lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice required under California Code of
Civil Procedure, Section 1161,

23.2 LANDLORD'S REMEDIES; TERMINATION. In the event of any such default by
Tenant, in addition to any other remedies available to Landlord under this
Lease, at law or in equity, Landlord shall have the immediate option to
terminate this Lease and all rights of Tenant hereunder. In the event that
Landlord shall elect to so terminate this Lease, then Landlord may recover from
Tenant:

(a) the worth at the time of award of any unpaid rent which had been earned
 at the time of such termination; plus

(b) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the unpaid
 rent which would have been earned after termination until the time of
 award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could
 have been reasonably avoided; plus

(c) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent
 for the balance of the term after the time of award exceeds the amount
 of such rental loss that Tenant proves could be reasonably avoided; plus

(d) any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment
 proximately caused by Tenant's failure to perform its obligations under
 this Lease or which, in the ordinary course of things, would be likely
 to result therefrom including, but not limited to: unamortized Tenant
 Improvement costs; attorneys' fees; brokers' commissions; the costs of
 refurbishment, alterations, renovation and repair of the Premises; and
 removal (including the repair of any damage caused by such removal) and
 storage (or disposal) of Tenant's personal property, equipment,
 fixtures, Tenant Changes, Tenant Improvements and any other items which
 Tenant is required under this Lease to remove but does not remove.

As used in Sections 23.2(a) and 23.2(b) above, the "WORTH AT THE TIME OF AWARD"
is computed by allowing interest at the Interest Rate set forth in Section 1.14
of the Summary. As used in Section 23.2(c) above, the "worth at the time of
award" is computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the
Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of award plus one percent
(1 ).

23.3 LANDLORD'S REMEDIES; RE-ENTRY RIGHTS. In the event of any such default
by Tenant, in addition to any other remedies available to Landlord under this
Lease, at law or in equity, Landlord shall also have the right, with or without
terminating this Lease, to re-enter the Premises and remove all persons and
property from the Premises; such property may be removed, stored and/or disposed
of pursuant to Section 12.4 of this Lease or any other procedures permitted by
applicable law. No re-entry or taking possession of the Premises by Landlord
pursuant to this Section 23.3, and no acceptance of surrender of the Premises or
other action on Landlord's part, shall be construed as an election to terminate
this Lease unless a written notice of such intention be given to Tenant or
unless the termination thereof be decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction.

23.4 LANDLORD'S REMEDIES; CONTINUATION OF LEASE. In the event of any such
default by Tenant, in addition to any other remedies available to Landlord under
this Lease, at law or in equity, Landlord shall have the right to continue this
Lease in full force and effect, whether or not Tenant shall have abandoned the
Premises. The foregoing remedy shall also be available to Landlord pursuant to
California Civil Code Section 1951.4 and any successor statute thereof in the
event Tenant has abandoned the Premises. In the event Landlord elects to
continue this Lease in full force and effect pursuant to this Section 23.4, then
Landlord shall be entitled to enforce all of its rights and remedies under this
Lease, including the right to recover rent as it becomes due. Landlord's
election not to terminate this Lease pursuant to this Section 23.4 or pursuant
to any other provision of this Lease, at law or in equity, shall not preclude
Landlord from subsequently electing to terminate this Lease or pursuing any of
its other remedies.

23.5 LANDLORD'S RIGHT TO PERFORM. Except as specifically provided otherwise
in this Lease, all covenants and agreements by Tenant under this Lease shall be
performed by Tenant at Tenant's sole cost and expense and without any abatement
or offset of rent. If Tenant shall fail to pay any sum of money (other than
Monthly Basic Rent) or perform any other act on its part to be paid or performed
hereunder and such failure shall continue for five (5) business days with
respect to monetary obligations (or thirty (30) days with respect to
non-monetary obligations, or such shorter period of time as appropriate in the
event of an emergency) after Tenant's receipt of written notice thereof from
Landlord, Landlord may, without waiving or releasing Tenant from any of Tenant's
obligations, make such payment or perform such other act on behalf of Tenant.
All sums so paid by Landlord and all necessary incidental costs incurred by
Landlord in performing such other acts shall be payable by Tenant to Landlord
within five (5) business days after demand therefor as additional rent.

23.6 INTEREST. If any monthly installment of Rent or Project Operating
Expenses, or any other amount payable by Tenant hereunder is not received by
Landlord by the date when due, it shall bear interest at the Interest Rate set
forth in Section 1.14 of the Summary from the date due until paid. All interest,
and any late charges imposed pursuant to Section 23.7 below, shall be considered
additional rent due from Tenant to Landlord under the terms of this Lease.

-24-

23.7 LATE CHARGES. Tenant acknowledges that, in addition to interest costs,
the late payments by Tenant to Landlord of any Monthly Basic Rent or other sums
due under this Lease will cause Landlord to incur costs not contemplated by this
Lease, the exact amount of such costs being extremely difficult and impractical
to fix. Such other costs include, without limitation, processing, administrative
and accounting charges and late charges that may be imposed on Landlord by the
terms of any mortgage, deed of trust or related loan documents encumbering the
Premises, the Building or the Project. Accordingly, if any monthly installment
of Monthly Basic Rent or Direct Expenses or any other amount payable by Tenant
hereunder is not received by Landlord by the due date thereof, Tenant shall pay
to Landlord an additional sum of five percent (5 of the overdue amount as a
late charge, but in no event more than the maximum late charge allowed by law;
provided, however, the late charge shall not be payable with respect to the
first late payment in any consecutive twelve (12) month period. The parties
agree that such late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the
costs that Landlord will incur by reason of any late payment as hereinabove
referred to by Tenant, and the payment of late charges and interest are distinct
and separate in that the payment of interest is to compensate Landlord for the
use of Landlord's money by Tenant, while the payment of late charges is to
compensate Landlord for Landlord's processing, administrative and other costs
incurred by Landlord as a result of Tenant's delinquent payments. Acceptance of
a late charge or interest shall not constitute a waiver of Tenant's default with
respect to the overdue amount or prevent Landlord from exercising any of the
other rights and remedies available to Landlord under this Lease or at law or in
equity now or hereafter in effect.

23.8 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].

23.9 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. All rights, options and remedies of
Landlord contained in this Section 23 and elsewhere in this Lease (including
Section 28 below) shall be construed and held to be cumulative, and no one of
them shall be exclusive of the other, and Landlord shall have the right to
pursue any one or all of such remedies or any other remedy or relief which may
be provided by law or in equity, whether or not stated in this Lease. Nothing in
this Section 23 shall be deemed to limit or otherwise affect Tenant's
indemnification of Landlord pursuant to any provision of this Lease.

24. LANDLORD'S DEFAULT. Subject to the provisions of Section 16.3, Landlord
shall not be in default in the performance of any obligation required to be
performed by Landlord under this Lease unless Landlord has failed to perform
such obligation within thirty (30) days after the receipt of written notice from
Tenant specifying in detail Landlord's failure to perform (or such shorter
period of time as may be reasonable in the event of an emergency); provided
however, that if the nature of Landlord's obligation is such that more than
thirty (30) days (or such shorter period, as applicable) are required for its
performance, then Landlord shall not be deemed in default if it commences such
performance within such thirty (30) day period (or such shorter period, as
applicable) and thereafter diligently pursues the same to completion. Upon any
such uncured default by Landlord, Tenant may exercise any of its rights provided
at law or in equity; provided, however: (a) Tenant shall have no right to offset
or abate rent in the event of any default by Landlord under this Lease, except
to the extent offset rights are specifically provided to Tenant in this Lease;
(b) Tenant shall have no right to terminate this Lease; (c) Tenant's rights and
remedies hereunder shall be limited to the extent (i) Tenant has expressly
waived in this Lease any of such rights or remedies and/or (ii) this Lease
otherwise expressly limits Tenant's rights or remedies, including the limitation
on Landlord's liability contained in Section 31 hereof and (d) in no event shall
Landlord be liable for consequential damages.

25. SUBORDINATION. Without the necessity of any additional document being
executed by Tenant for the purpose of effecting a subordination, and at the
election of Landlord or any mortgagee of a mortgage or a beneficiary of a deed
of trust now or hereafter encumbering all or any portion of the Building or
Site, or any lessor of any ground or master lease now or hereafter affecting all
or any portion of the Building or Site, this Lease shall be subject and
subordinate at all times to such ground or master leases (and such extensions
and modifications thereof), and to the lien of such mortgages and deeds of trust
(as well as to any advances made thereunder and to all renewals, replacements,
modifications and extensions thereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord
and any mortgagee and/or ground lessor of Landlord, as applicable, shall have
the right to subordinate or cause to be subordinated any or all ground or master
leases or the lien of any or all mortgages or deeds of trust to this Lease. In
the event that any ground or master lease terminates for any reason or any
mortgage or deed of trust is foreclosed or a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure
is made for any reason, at the election of Landlord's successor in interest,
Tenant shall attorn to and become the tenant of such successor. Tenant hereby
waives its rights under any current or future law which gives or purports to
give Tenant any right to terminate or otherwise adversely affect this Lease and
the obligations of Tenant hereunder in the event of any such foreclosure
proceeding or sale. Tenant covenants and agrees to execute and deliver to
Landlord within ten (10) days after receipt of written demand by Landlord, any
commercially reasonable additional documents evidencing the priority or
subordination of this Lease with respect to any such ground or master lease or
the lien of any such mortgage or deed of trust or Tenant's agreement to attorn.
Should Tenant fail to sign and return any such documents within said ten (10)
day period and such failure continues for more than five (5) business days
following written notice thereof to Tenant, Tenant shall be in default hereunder
without the benefit of any additional notice or cure periods specified in
Section 23.1 above.

-25-

26. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE.

26.1 OBLIGATIONS. Within ten (10) business days following a party's written
request, the other party shall execute and deliver to the requesting party an
estoppel certificate, in a form substantially similar to the form of Exhibit "F"
attached hereto (modified as appropriate in the event Landlord is the party
giving the estoppel certificate), certifying: (a) the Commencement Date of this
Lease; (b) that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or, if
modified, that this Lease is in full force and effect as modified, and stating
the date and nature of such modifications); (c) the date to which the rent and
other sums payable under this Lease have been paid; (d) that there are not, to
the best of such party's knowledge, any defaults under this Lease by either
Landlord or Tenant, except as specified in such certificate; and (e) such other
matters as are reasonably requested by the requesting party. Any such estoppel
certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 26.1 may be relied upon by any
mortgagee, beneficiary, purchaser or prospective purchaser of any portion of the
Site, as well as their assignees.

26.2 TENANT'S FAILURE TO DELIVER. If Tenant fails to deliver such estoppel
certificate within such time, and such failure continues for more than five (5)
business days following written notice thereof to Tenant, then such failure
shall constitute a default hereunder without the applicability of the notice and
cure periods specified in Section 23.1 above and shall be conclusive upon Tenant
that: (a) this Lease is in full force and effect without modification, except as
may be represented by Landlord; (b) there are no uncured defaults in Landlord's
or Tenant's performance (other than Tenant's failure to deliver the estoppel
certificate); and (c) not more than one (1) month's rental has been paid in
advance.

27. [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].

28. MODIFICATION AND CURE RIGHTS OF LANDLORD'S MORTGAGEES AND LESSORS.

28.1 MODIFICATIONS. If, in connection with Landlord's obtaining or entering
into any financing or ground lease for any portion of the Building or Site, the
lender or ground lessor shall request modifications to this Lease, Tenant shall,
within ten (10) days after request therefor, execute an amendment to this Lease
including such modifications, provided such modifications are reasonable, do not
increase the obligations of Tenant hereunder, or adversely affect the leasehold
estate created hereby or Tenant's rights hereunder.

28.2 CURE RIGHTS. In the event of any default on the part of Landlord, Tenant
will give notice by registered or certified mail to any beneficiary of a deed of
trust or mortgagee covering the Premises or ground lessor of Landlord whose
address shall have been furnished to Tenant, and shall offer such beneficiary,
mortgagee or ground lessor a reasonable opportunity to cure the default
(including with respect to any such beneficiary or mortgagee, time to obtain
possession of the Premises, subject to this Lease and Tenant's rights hereunder,
by power of sale or a judicial foreclosure, if such should prove necessary to
effect a cure).

29. QUIET ENJOYMENT. Landlord covenants and agrees with Tenant that, upon
Tenant performing all of the covenants and provisions on Tenant's part to be
observed and performed under this Lease (including payment of rent hereunder),
Tenant shall have the right to use and occupy the Premises in accordance with
and subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease as against all persons
claiming by, through or under Landlord.

30. TRANSFER OF LANDLORD'S INTEREST. The term "Landlord" as used in this
Lease, so far as covenants or obligations on the part of the Landlord are
concerned, shall be limited to mean and include only the owner or owners, at the
time in question, of the fee title to, or a lessee's interest in a ground lease
of, the Site. In the event of any transfer or conveyance of any such title or
interest (other than a transfer for security purposes only), and upon the
assumption by the transferee of Landlord's obligations under this Lease accruing
after the date of such transfer or conveyance, the transferor shall be
automatically relieved of all covenants and obligations on the part of Landlord
contained in this Lease accruing after the date of such transfer or conveyance.
Landlord and Landlord's transferees and assignees shall have the absolute right
to transfer all or any portion of their respective title and interest in the
Site, the Building, the Premises and/or this Lease without the consent of
Tenant, and such transfer or subsequent transfer shall not be deemed a violation
on Landlord's part of any of the terms and conditions of this Lease.

31. LIMITATION ON LANDLORD'S LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything contained
in this Lease to the contrary, the obligations of Landlord under this Lease
(including any actual or alleged breach or default by Landlord) do not
constitute personal obligations of the individual partners, directors, officers,
members or shareholders of Landlord or Landlord's members or partners, and
Tenant shall not seek recourse against the individual partners, directors,
officers, members or shareholders of Landlord or against Landlord's members or
partners or any other persons or entities having any interest in Landlord, or
any of their personal assets for satisfaction of any liability with respect to
this Lease. In addition, in consideration of the benefits accruing hereunder to
Tenant and notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary,
Tenant hereby covenants and agrees for itself and all of its successors and
assigns that the liability of Landlord for its obligations under this Lease
(including any liability as a result of any actual or alleged failure, breach or
default hereunder by Landlord), shall be limited solely to, and Tenant's and its
successors' and assigns' sole and exclusive remedy shall be against, Landlord's
interest in the Building

 -26-

(including any proceeds from a sale of the Building, insurance and condemnation
proceeds with respect to the Building and any rentals received from the
Building), and no other assets of Landlord.

32. MISCELLANEOUS.

32.1 GOVERNING LAW. This Lease shall be governed by, and construed pursuant
to, the laws of the state in which the Building is located.

32.2 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. Subject to the provisions of Section 30 above,
and except as otherwise provided in this Lease, all of the covenants, conditions
and provisions of this Lease shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the
benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal
representatives and permitted successors and assigns; provided, however, no
rights shall inure to the benefit of any Transferee of Tenant unless the
Transfer to such Transferee is made in compliance with the provisions of Section
14, and no options or other rights which are expressly made personal to the
original Tenant hereunder or in any rider attached hereto shall be assignable to
or exercisable by anyone other than the original Tenant under this Lease.

32.3 NO MERGER. The voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Tenant or a
mutual termination thereof shall not work as a merger and shall, at the option
of Landlord, either (a) terminate all or any existing subleases, or (b) operate
as an assignment to Landlord of Tenant's interest under any or all such
subleases.

32.4 PROFESSIONAL FEES. If either Landlord or Tenant should bring suit
against the other with respect to this Lease, including for unlawful detainer or
any other relief against the other hereunder, then all costs and expenses
incurred by the prevailing party therein (including, without limitation, its
actual appraisers', accountants', attorneys' and other professional fees, court
costs and costs of appeal), shall be paid by the other party.

32.5 WAIVER. The waiver by either party of any breach by the other party of
any term, covenant or condition herein contained shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term, covenant and
condition herein contained, nor shall any custom or practice which may become
established between the parties in the administration of the terms hereof be
deemed a waiver of, or in any way affect, the right of any party to insist upon
the performance by the other in strict accordance with said terms. No waiver of
any default of either party hereunder shall be implied from any acceptance by
Landlord or delivery by Tenant (as the case may be) of any rent or other
payments due hereunder or any omission by the non-defaulting party to take any
action on account of such default if such default persists or is repeated, and
no express waiver shall affect defaults other than as specified in said waiver.
The subsequent acceptance of rent hereunder by Landlord shall not be deemed to
be a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any term, covenant or condition
of this Lease other than the failure of Tenant to pay the particular rent so
accepted, regardless of Landlord's knowledge of such preceding breach at the
time of acceptance of such rent.

32.6 TERMS AND HEADINGS. The words "Landlord" and "Tenant" as used herein
shall include the plural as well as the singular. Words used in any gender
include other genders. The Section headings of this Lease are not a part of this
Lease and shall have no effect upon the construction or interpretation of any
part hereof. Any deletion of language from this Lease prior to its execution by
Landlord and Tenant shall not be construed to raise any presumption, canon of
construction or implication, including, without limitation, any implication that
the parties intended thereby to state the converse of the deleted language.

32.7 TIME. Time is of the essence with respect to performance of every
provision of this Lease in which time or performance is a factor. All references
in this Lease to "DAYS" shall mean calendar days unless specifically modified
herein to be "business" days.

32.8 PRIOR AGREEMENTS; AMENDMENTS. This Lease (and the Exhibits and Riders
attached hereto) contain all of the covenants, provisions, agreements,
conditions and understandings between Landlord and Tenant concerning the
Premises and any other matter covered or mentioned in this Lease, and no prior
agreement or understanding, oral or written, express or implied, pertaining to
the Premises or any such other matter shall be effective for any purpose. No
provision of this Lease may be amended or added to except by an agreement in
writing signed by the parties hereto or their respective successors in interest.
The parties acknowledge that all prior agreements, representations and
negotiations are deemed superseded by the execution of this Lease to the extent
they are not expressly incorporated herein.

32.9 SEPARABILITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Lease (except for Tenant's obligation to pay Monthly Basic Rent and Direct
Expenses and Utilities Costs) shall in no way affect, impair or invalidate any
other provision hereof, and such other provisions shall remain valid and in full
force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.

32.10 RECORDING. Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall record this Lease. In
addition, neither party shall record a short form memorandum of this Lease
without the prior written consent (and signature on the memorandum) of the
other, and provided that prior to recordation Tenant executes and delivers to
Landlord, in recordable form, a properly acknowledged quitclaim deed or other
instrument extinguishing

-27-

all of the Tenant's rights and interest in and to the Site, Building and
Premises, and designating Landlord as the transferee, which deed or other
instrument shall be held by Landlord and may be recorded by Landlord once the
Lease terminates or expires (but not prior thereto). If such short form
memorandum is recorded in accordance with the foregoing, the party requesting
the recording shall pay for all costs of or related to such recording,
including, but not limited to, recording charges and documentary transfer taxes.

32.11 EXHIBITS AND RIDERS. All Exhibits and Riders attached to this Lease are
hereby incorporated in this Lease as though set forth at length herein.

32.12 ACCORD AND SATISFACTION. No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of
a lesser amount than the rent payment herein stipulated shall be deemed to be
other than on account of the rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any
check or any letter accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an
accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without
prejudice to Landlord's right to recover the balance of such rent or pursue any
other remedy provided in this Lease. Tenant agrees that each of the foregoing
covenants and agreements shall be applicable to any covenant or agreement either
expressly contained in this Lease or imposed by any statute or at common law.

32.13 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Upon ten (10) days prior written request from
Landlord (which Landlord may make at any time during the Term but no more often
than one (1) time in any calendar year, except in the event of a sale or
refinancing of the Building), Tenant shall deliver to Landlord (a) a current
financial statement of Tenant and any guarantor of this Lease, and (b) financial
statements of Tenant and such guarantor for the two (2) years prior to the
current financial statement year. Such statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally acceptable accounting principles and certified as true
in all material respects by Tenant (if Tenant is an individual) or by an
authorized officer, member/manager or general partner of Tenant (if Tenant is a
corporation, limited liability company or partnership, respectively).

32.14 NO PARTNERSHIP. Landlord does not, in any way or for any purpose, become
a partner of Tenant in the conduct of its business, or otherwise, or joint
venturer or a member of a joint enterprise with Tenant by reason of this Lease.
The provisions of this Lease relating to Percentage Rent payable hereunder, if
any, are included solely for the purpose of providing a method whereby rent is
to be measured and ascertained.

32.15 FORCE MAJEURE. In the event that either party hereto shall be delayed or
hindered in or prevented from the performance of any act required hereunder by
reason of strikes, lock-outs, labor troubles, inability to procure materials,
failure of power, governmental moratorium or other governmental action or
inaction (including failure, refusal or delay in issuing permits, approvals
and/or authorizations), injunction or court order, riots, insurrection, war,
fire, earthquake, flood or other natural disaster or other reason of a like
nature not the fault of the party delaying in performing work or doing acts
required under the terms of this Lease (but excluding delays due to financial
inability) (herein collectively, "FORCE MAJEURE DELAYS"), then performance of
such act shall be excused for the period of the delay and the period for the
performance of any such act shall be extended for a period equivalent to the
period of such delay. The provisions of this Section 32.15 shall not apply to
nor operate to excuse Tenant from the payment of Monthly Basic Rent, Project
Operating Expenses, additional rent or any other payments strictly in accordance
with the terms of this Lease.

32.16 COUNTERPARTS. This Lease may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall constitute an original and all of which shall be one and the
same agreement.

32.17 NONDISCLOSURE OF LEASE TERMS. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the
terms of this Lease are confidential and constitute proprietary information of
Landlord. Disclosure of the terms could adversely affect the ability of Landlord
to negotiate other leases and impair Landlord's relationship with other tenants.
Accordingly, Tenant agrees that it, and its partners, officers, directors,
employees, agents and attorneys, shall not intentionally and voluntarily
disclose the terms and conditions of this Lease to any newspaper or other
publication or any other tenant or apparent prospective tenant of the Building
or other portion of the Project, or real estate agent (excepting Tenant's
agent), either directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of
Landlord, provided, however, that Tenant may disclose the terms to prospective
subtenants or assignees under this Lease.

32.18 NON-DISCRIMINATION. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that there shall be
no discrimination against, or segregation of, any person, group of persons, or
entity on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, marital status,
national origin, or ancestry in the leasing, subleasing, transferring,
assignment, occupancy, tenure, use, or enjoyment of the Premises, or any portion
thereof.

32.19 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each party hereby waives any right to a trial by
jury in any action seeking specific performance of any provision of this Lease,
for damages for any breach under this Lease, or otherwise for enforcement of any
right or remedy hereunder.

33. LEASE EXECUTION.

33.1 TENANT'S AUTHORITY. If Tenant executes this Lease as a limited liability
company, partnership or corporation, then Tenant and the persons and/or entities
executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant represent and warrant that: (a) Tenant
is a duly organized and validly existing limited liability company,

-28-

partnership or corporation, as the case may be, and is qualified to do business
in the state in which the Premises are located; (b) such persons and/or entities
executing this Lease are duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on
Tenant's behalf in accordance with the Tenant's operating agreement (if Tenant
is a limited liability company), Tenant's partnership agreement (if Tenant is a
partnership), or a duly adopted resolution of Tenant's board of directors and
Tenant's by-laws (if Tenant is a corporation); and (c) this Lease is binding
upon Tenant in accordance with its terms. Concurrently with Tenant's execution
and delivery of this Lease to Landlord and/or at any time during the Lease Term
within ten (10) days of Landlord's request, Tenant shall provide to Landlord a
copy of any documents reasonably requested by Landlord evidencing such
qualification, organization, existence and authorization.

33.2 JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. If more than one person or entity executes
this Lease as Tenant: (a) each of them is and shall be jointly and severally
liable for the covenants, conditions, provisions and agreements of this Lease to
be kept, observed and performed by Tenant; and (b) the act or signature of, or
notice from or to, any one or more of them with respect to this Lease shall be
binding upon each and all of the persons and entities executing this Lease as
Tenant with the same force and effect as if each and all of them had so acted or
signed, or given or received such notice.

33.3 NO OPTION. The submission of this Lease for examination or execution by
Tenant does not constitute a reservation of or option for the Premises and this
Lease shall not become effective as a Lease until it has been executed by
Landlord and delivered to Tenant.

34. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. Landlord hereby grants to the Original Tenant
(and any Transferee under a Permitted Transfer), during the initial Term, a
right of first refusal with respect to all space located on the third (3rd)
floor of the Building (the "FIRST REFUSAL SPACE"). Notwithstanding the foregoing
(i) for First Refusal Space which is subject to a lease as of the date of this
Lease, such first refusal right of Tenant shall commence only following the
expiration or earlier termination of such existing lease (such existing leases
may be collectively referred to herein as the "SUPERIOR LEASES"), including any
renewal of such Superior Leases, whether or not such renewal is pursuant to an
express written provision in such lease, and regardless of whether any such
renewal is consummated pursuant to a lease amendment or a new lease, and (ii)
such first refusal right shall be subordinate and secondary to all rights of
expansion, first refusal, first offer or similar rights granted to the tenant(s)
of the Superior Leases or any other leases existing as of the date of this Lease
(the rights described in items (i) and (ii) above to be known collectively, for
purposes of this Section 34 only, as "SUPERIOR RIGHTS"). Tenant's right of first
refusal shall be on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 34.

(a) Procedure. Landlord shall notify Tenant (the "FIRST REFUSAL NOTICE")
 from time to time when Landlord receives a proposal that Landlord
 desires to accept for all or any portion of the First Refusal Space,
 where no holder of a Superior Right desires to lease such space. The
 First Refusal Notice shall describe the space which is the subject of
 the proposal, shall set forth the terms and conditions (including the
 proposed lease term) set forth in the proposal (collectively, the
 "TERMS") and shall include a copy of the proposal. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, Landlord's obligation to deliver the First Refusal Notice
 shall not apply during the last nine (9) months of the initial Term
 unless Tenant has exercised the first Extension Option.

(b) Procedure for Acceptance. If Tenant wishes to exercise Tenant's rights
 of first refusal with respect to the space described in the First
 Refusal Notice, then within three (3) business days after delivery of
 the First Refusal Notice to Tenant (the "ELECTION DATE"), Tenant shall
 deliver written notice to Landlord ("TENANT'S ELECTION NOTICE") pursuant
 to which Tenant shall elect either to (i) lease the entire First Refusal
 Space described in the First Refusal Notice upon the Terms set forth in
 the First Refusal Notice; (ii) refuse to lease such First Refusal Space
 identified in the First Refusal Notice, specifying that such refusal is
 not based upon the Terms set forth by Landlord in the First Refusal
 Notice, but upon Tenant's lack of need for such First Refusal Space, in
 which event Landlord may lease such First Refusal Space to any person or
 entity on any terms Landlord desires and Tenant's right of first refusal
 with respect to the First Refusal Space specified in Landlord's First
 Refusal Notice shall thereupon terminate and be of no further force or
 effect; or (iii) refuse to lease the First Refusal Space, specifying
 that such refusal is based upon the Terms set forth in the First Refusal
 Notice, in which event Tenant shall also specify in Tenant's Election
 Notice revised Terms upon which Tenant would be willing to lease such
 First Refusal Space from Landlord ("TENANT'S PROPOSED TERMS"). If Tenant
 does not so respond in writing to Landlord's First Refusal Notice by the
 Election Date, Tenant shall be deemed to have elected the option
 described in clause (ii) above. If Tenant timely delivers to Landlord
 Tenant's Election Notice pursuant to clause (iii) above, Landlord may
 elect either to: (a) lease such First Refusal Space to Tenant upon
 Tenant's Proposed Terms; or (b) lease the First Refusal Space to any
 person or entity upon any terms Landlord desires and Tenant's right of
 first refusal with respect to the First Refusal Space specified in
 Landlord's First Refusal Notice shall thereupon terminate and be of no
 further force or effect; provided, however if Landlord intends to lease
 the First Refusal Space upon terms equal to or more favorable to such
 third party than Tenant's Proposed Terms, then Tenant's Right of First
 Refusal will not terminate and the provisions of this Section 34 shall
 apply again to such proposed leasing.

(c) Lease of First Refusal Space. If Tenant timely exercises Tenants right
 to lease the First Refusal Space as set forth herein, Landlord and
 Tenant shall execute at Landlord's sole election, (i) an

-29-

amendment to this Lease incorporating into this Lease the Terms
 applicable to such First Refusal Space, or (ii) a new lease
 incorporating the terms applicable to such First Refusal Space.

(d) Termination of Right of First Refusal. The rights set forth in this
 Section 34, and Landlord's obligations with respect thereto, shall be
 personal to the Original Tenant and any Transferee under a Permitted
 Transfer. The right of first refusal granted herein shall terminate as
 to a particular First Refusal Space upon the failure by Tenant to
 exercise its right of first refusal with respect to such First Refusal
 Space as offered by Landlord but shall remain in effect for any
 subsequent availability of all or any portion of the remaining First
 Refusal Space. Tenant shall not have the right to lease the First
 Refusal Space if, as of the date of the attempted exercise of any right
 of first refusal by Tenant, or, at Landlord's option, as of the
 scheduled date of delivery of such First Refusal Space to Tenant, Tenant
 is in default under this Lease after any applicable notice and cure
 periods.

35. TEMPORARY SPACE. Landlord agrees to permit Tenant to occupy 13,432
rentable square feet of vacant space known as Suite 100 located on the ground
floor of the Building located at 10180 Telesis Court within the Project (the
"TEMPORARY SPACE") during the period between the full execution and delivery of
this Lease and five (5) business days following the Commencement Date hereunder
(the "TEMPORARY SPACE TERM"). Tenant will accept the Temporary Space in its
"then as-is" condition, and Landlord will have no obligation to improve the
Temporary Space. Tenant shall have no obligation to pay any rental for the
Temporary Space, but Tenant shall be obligated to pay for all utilities that may
be provided to the Temporary Space (the allocation of the cost for such
utilities will be made in the same manner as the allocation of utilities for the
Premises). Except as provided above, Tenant's occupancy of the Temporary Space
shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Lease that could
logically be construed as applying thereto as if the Temporary Space were the
Premises, including, without limitation, Sections 17, 20 and 22. Landlord will
have the right to show the Temporary Space to potential Tenants at any time
during the Temporary Space Term. If Tenant fails to surrender possession of the
Temporary Space with five (5) business days following the Commencement Date,
then the provisions of Section 9 of this Lease shall apply to such failure and
holdover, except that Monthly Basic Rent for the Temporary Space shall be at the
rate of One and 80/100 Dollars 1.80) per rentable square foot of the Temporary
Space per month.

36. OPTION TERM.

(a) OPTION RIGHT. Landlord hereby grants to Tenant two (2) options (each an
 "EXTENSION OPTION") to extend the Term for a period of five (5) years
 each (each, an "OPTION TERM"), each of which shall be exercised only by
 written notice delivered by Tenant to Landlord as provided below,
 provided that, as of the date of delivery of such notice, Tenant is not
 in default under this Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure
 periods. Upon the proper exercise of an option to extend, and provided
 that (at Landlord's option), as of the end of the initial Term or first
 Option Term, as applicable, Tenant is not in default under this Lease
 beyond any applicable notice and cure periods, the Term as it applies to
 the Premises, shall be extended for the applicable Option Term and all
 references to the Term shall include the exercised Option Term. The
 rights contained in this Section 36 shall be personal to the Original
 Tenant and/or any Transferee under a Permitted Transfer and may only be
 exercised by the Original Tenant and/or such Transferee if, at the time
 of the attempted exercise of the Option, the Original Tenant or such
 Transferee is in physical occupancy and possession of the entire
 Premises.

(b) OPTION RENT. The Monthly Basic Rent payable by Tenant during an Option
 Term shall be the "Fair Market Rental Rate" for the Premises. The term
 "FAIR MARKET RENTAL RATE" for the Premises during an Option Term shall
 mean the amount per rentable square foot that a comparable, willing,
 non-equity, non-sublease tenant would pay and a comparable, willing
 landlord would accept on a non-sublease, non-renewal basis, at arm's
 length, for unencumbered space comparable to the Premises located in the
 Project and in other comparable Class "A" office buildings in the
 Sorrento Mesa area.

(c) EXERCISE OF OPTION. An Extension Option shall be exercised by Tenant, if
 at all, and only in the following manner: (i) Tenant shall deliver
 written notice to Landlord not less than nine (9) months prior to the
 expiration of the initial Term or first Option Term, as applicable
 exercising its option; (ii) Landlord, after receipt of Tenant's notice,
 shall deliver notice (the "Option Rent Notice") to Tenant not less than
 eight (8) months prior to the expiration of the initial Term or first
 Option Term, as applicable, setting forth Landlord's determination of
 the Fair Market Rental Rate; and (iii) if Tenant objects to Landlord's
 determination of the Fair Market Rental Rate contained in the Option
 Rent Notice, Tenant shall deliver written notice of such objection
 within twenty (20) days after delivery of the Option Rent Notice and the
 parties shall follow the procedure, and the Fair Market Rental Rate
 shall be determined, as set forth in Section 36(d) below.

(d) DETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET RENTAL RATE. In the event Tenant timely and
 appropriately objects in writing to the Fair Market Rental Rate
 initially determined by Landlord with respect to the Option Term,
 Landlord and Tenant shall attempt to agree upon the Fair Market Rental
 Rate, using their best good-faith efforts. If Landlord and Tenant fail
 to reach agreement within sixty (60) days following Tenant's delivery to
 Landlord of Tenants objection to the Fair Market Rental Rate (the
 "OUTSIDE AGREEMENT DATE"), then each party shall submit to the other
 party a separate written determination of the Fair Market Rental Rate
 within ten (10) business days after the Outside Agreement Date, and

 -30-

such determinations shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with
 the provisions set forth below. Failure of Tenant or Landlord to submit
 a written determination of the Fair Market Rental Rate within such ten
 (10) business day period shall conclusively be deemed to be the
 non-determining party's approval of the Fair Market Rental Rate
 submitted within such ten (10) business day period by the other party.

 (i) Landlord and Tenant shall each appoint one arbitrator who shall
 be by profession an independent real estate broker who shall
 have been active over the five (5) year period ending on the
 date of such appointment in the leasing of Class "A" office
 buildings in the Sorrento Mesa area ("COMPARABLE BUILDINGS").
 The determination of the arbitrators shall be limited solely to
 the issue of whether Landlord's or Tenant's submitted Fair
 Market Rental Rate is the closest to the actual Fair Market
 Rental Rate as determined by the arbitrators, taking into
 account the requirements of Section 36(b) of this Lease. Each
 such arbitrator shall be appointed within thirty (30) days after
 the Outside Agreement Date.

 (ii) The two (2) arbitrators so appointed shall within ten (10) days
 of the date of the appointment of the last appointed arbitrator
 agree upon and appoint a third arbitrator who shall be qualified
 under the same criteria set forth hereinabove for qualification
 of the initial two (2) arbitrators.

 (iii) The three (3) arbitrators shall within thirty (30) days after
 the appointment of the third arbitrator reach a decision as to
 whether the parties shall use Landlord's or Tenant's submitted
 Fair Market Rental Rate and shall notify Landlord and Tenant
 thereof.

 (iv) The decision of the majority of the three (3) arbitrators shall
 be binding upon Landlord and Tenant.

 (v) If either Landlord or Tenant fails to appoint an arbitrator
 within thirty (30) days after the applicable Outside Agreement
 Date, the arbitrator appointed by one of them shall reach a
 decision, notify Landlord and Tenant thereof, and such
 arbitrator's decision shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant.

 (vi) If the two (2) arbitrators fail to agree upon and appoint a
 third arbitrator within the time period provided in clause (ii)
 above, then the parties shall mutually select the third
 arbitrator. If Landlord and Tenant are unable to agree upon the
 third arbitrator within ten (10) days, then either party may,
 upon at least five (5) days' prior written notice to the other
 party, request the Presiding Judge of the San Diego County
 Superior Court, acting in his private and nonjudicial capacity,
 to appoint the third arbitrator. Following the appointment of
 the third arbitrator, the panel of arbitrators shall within
 thirty (30) days thereafter reach a decision as to whether
 Landlord's or Tenant's submitted Fair Market Rental Rate shall
 be used and shall notify Landlord and Tenant hereof.

 (vii) The cost of the arbitrators and the arbitration proceeding shall
 be paid by Landlord and Tenant equally, except that each party
 shall pay for the cost of its own witnesses and attorneys.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lease as of the day and year
first above written.

TENANT: LANDLORD:

WebSideStory, Inc., LNR Seaview, Inc.
a California corporation a California

By: /s/ MICHAEL CHRISTIAN By: /s/ DAVID O. TEAM
 ------------------------------ -----------------------------
 Print Name: MICHAEL CHRISTIAN Print Name: DAVID O. TEAM
 Print Title: CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER Print Title: VICE PRESIDENT

 By: /s/ MICHAEL D. REYNOLDS By: /s/ CURTIS J. STEPHENSON
 ----------------------------- -----------------------------
 Print Name: MICHAEL D. REYNOLDS Print Name: CURTIS J. STEPHENSON
 Print Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Print Title:

NOTE:

IF TENANT IS A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION, then one of the following alternative
requirements must be satisfied:

(A) This Lease must be signed by two (2) officers of such corporation: one
 being the chairman of the board, the president or a vice president, and
 the other being the secretary, an assistant secretary, the chief
 financial officer or an assistant treasurer. If one (1) individual is
 signing in two (2) of the foregoing capacities, that individual must
 sign twice; once as one officer and again as the other officer.

(B) If there is only one (1) individual signing in two (2) capacities, or if
 the two (2) signatories do not satisfy the requirements of (A) above,
 then Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a certified copy of a corporate
 resolution in the form reasonably acceptable to Landlord authorizing the
 signatory(ies) to execute this Lease.

If Tenant is a corporation incorporated in a state other than California, then
Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a certified copy of a corporate resolution in
the form reasonably acceptable to Landlord authorizing the signatory(ies) to
execute this Lease.

-31-

EXHIBIT "A"

SITE PLAN

SEAVIEW CORPORATE CENTER

 Site Plan

[SITE PLAN]

EXHIBIT "A"

-32-

EXHIBIT "B"
 FLOOR PLAN
 [SEE ATTACHED]

EXHIBIT "B"

[FLOOR PLAN]

SUMMARY
 ------------------------
 WORKSTATIONS 46
 OFFICES 16
 ------------------------
 TOTAL 62

 SEAVIEW
 SIXTH FLOOR PLAN

PAGE 1 OF 3

[FLOOR PLAN]

SUMMARY
 ------------------------
 WORKSTATIONS 91
 OFFICES 19
 ------------------------
 TOTAL TOTAL 110

 SEAVIEW

 FIFTH FLOOR PLAN
 8/13/99

PAGE 2 OF 3

[FLOOR PLAN]

FOURTH FLOOR PLATE

PAGE 3 OF 3

EXHIBIT "C"

 WORK LETTER AGREEMENT

THIS WORK LETTER AGREEMENT ("Work Letter Agreement") shall set forth the terms
and conditions relating to the construction of improvements for the Premises.
All references in this Work Letter Agreement to "the Lease" shall mean the
relevant portions of the Lease to which this Work Letter Agreement is attached
as Exhibit "C".

 SECTION I

 GENERAL CONSTRUCTION OF THE PREMISES

Landlord will construct, at its sole cost and expense, the base, shell, and core
(i) of the Premises and (ii) of the floors of the Building on which the Premises
are located (collectively, the "BASE, SHELL, AND CORE") in compliance with all
applicable laws. In addition, Landlord will construct, at its sole cost and
expense, those items described on Schedule I attached hereto in compliance with
all applicable laws, which items shall be considered as part of the Base, Shell
and Core. Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense (but subject to
reimbursement pursuant to Section 2 below), install in the Premises certain
"Tenant Improvements" (as defined below) pursuant to the provisions of this Work
Letter Agreement. Except for the work described in this Work Letter Agreement to
be performed by Landlord, Landlord shall not be obligated to make any other
alterations or improvements to the Premises or the Building.

 SECTION 2

 TENANT IMPROVEMENTS

2.1 TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE. Tenant shall be entitled to a one-time
tenant improvement allowance (the "TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE") in the amount
of up to, but not exceeding, Thirty-Five and No/100 Dollars 35.00) per usable
square foot of the Premises, for the costs relating to the initial design and
construction, using Building standard finishes, quantities and materials (unless
otherwise reasonably approved by Landlord), of Tenant's improvements which are
permanently affixed to the Premises (the "TENANT IMPROVEMENTS"), excluding (i)
phone and data cabling, (ii) the back-up generator and (iii) the uninterrupted
power supply system. For purposes of calculating the Tenant Improvement
Allowance, the usable square footage of the Premises shall be 36,694, which
excludes the restrooms, electrical rooms, tele/com equipment rooms (but not
Tenant's network operating center) and the curtain walls in the Premises. In no
event shall Landlord be obligated to make disbursements pursuant to this Work
Letter Agreement in a total amount which exceeds the Tenant Improvement
Allowance. Tenant shall not be entitled to receive any cash payment or credit
against rent or otherwise for any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance
which is not used to pay for the Tenant Improvement Allowance Items (as such
term is defined below).

2.2 TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE ITEMS. Except as otherwise set forth in
this Work Letter Agreement, the Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be disbursed
by Landlord (each of which disbursement shall be made pursuant to the
disbursement process described in Sections 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5 below), only for the
following items and costs (collectively, the "TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE
ITEMS"):

 2.2.1 Payment of the fees of the "Architect" and the "Engineers," as
those terms are defined in Section 3.1 of this Work Letter Agreement, and
payment of the fees incurred by, and the cost of documents and materials
supplied by, Landlord and Landlord's consultants in connection with the
preparation and review of the "Construction Drawings," as that term is defined
in Section 3.1 of this Work Letter Agreement;

 2.2.2 The payment of plan check, permit and license fees relating to
construction of the Tenant Improvements;

 2.2.3 The cost of construction of the Tenant Improvements, including,
without limitation, contractors fees and general conditions, testing and
inspection costs, trash removal and hoists;

 2.2.4 The cost of any changes in the Base, Shell and Core when such
changes are required by the Construction Drawings (including if such changes are
due to the fact that such work is prepared on an unoccupied basis), such cost to
include all direct architectural and/or engineering fees and expenses incurred
in connection therewith;

 2.2.5 The cost of any changes to the Construction Drawings and/or
Tenant Improvements required by applicable laws and building codes
(collectively, "CODE");

 2.2.6 Sales and use taxes and Title 24 fees; and

EXHIBIT "C"

2.2.7 All other actual, reasonable out-of-pocket costs expended by
Tenant in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements, including
any payment and performance bonds required by Landlord and the fees for Tenant's
construction manager (such fees not to exceed 50 cents per usable square foot of
the Premises).

If any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance remains after payment in full
for the above-referenced Tenant Improvement Allowance Items, Landlord shall
retain such portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance and Tenant shall have no
claim or interest therein.

2.3 PERIODIC DISBURSEMENTS OF TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE. Provided Tenant
is not in default under the Lease (and no circumstance exists that would, with
notice or lapse of time, or both, constitute a default under the Lease),
Landlord shall make periodic disbursements (but no more often than monthly) of
the Tenant Improvement Allowance for Tenant Improvement Allowance Items.
Landlord may, at its election, make disbursement checks payable jointly to
Tenant and the Contractor. As to each disbursement, the appropriate portion of
the Tenant Improvement Allowance (as calculated pursuant to Section 2.5 below)
shall be disbursed to Tenant only when Landlord has received the following
("EVIDENCE OF COMPLETION"):

 2.3.1 Tenant has delivered to Landlord a draw request ("DRAW REQUEST")
in the form of AIA Document G702 and G703 (or other form acceptable to Landlord)
specifying that the requisite portion of Tenant Improvements has been completed,
together with invoices, receipts and bills evidencing the costs and expenses set
forth in such Draw Request. The Draw Request shall constitute a representation
by Tenant that the Tenant Improvements identified therein have been completed in
a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with the Approved Working
Drawings;

 2.3.2 The Architect has certified to Landlord that Tenant Improvements
have been completed to the level indicated in the Draw Request in accordance
with the Approved Working Drawings;

 2.3.3 Tenant has delivered to Landlord conditional lien releases from
the Contractor and all relevant subcontractors and materialmen with respect to
work covered by the current Draw Request and unconditional lien releases from
the Contractor and all relevant subcontractors and materialmen with respect to
work covered by prior Draw Requests;

 2.3.4 Landlord or Landlord's architect or construction representative
has inspected the Tenant Improvements and determined, in its reasonable judgment
and with all diligence, that the portion of the Tenant Improvements covered by
the Draw Request has been completed in a good and workmanlike manner, and
Landlord is satisfied, in its reasonable judgment, that the cost to complete the
Tenant Improvements does not exceed the remaining Tenant Improvement Allowance
and other sums available to Tenant for the payment of such costs.

2.4 DISBURSEMENT OF THE RETENTION. The Retention (as defined in Section 2.5
below) shall be disbursed only when Landlord has received Evidence of Completion
as to all of the Tenant Improvements as provided in Section 2.3 above and the
following conditions have been satisfied:

 (i) Thirty (30) calendar days shall have elapsed following the
 filing of a valid notice of completion by Tenant for the Tenant
 Improvements;

 (ii) A final or temporary certificate of occupancy for the Premises
 (if a temporary certificate, the conditions set forth therein
 shall be satisfactory to Landlord in its reasonable judgment)
 has been issued by the appropriate governmental body;

 (iii) Tenant shall have delivered to Landlord one set of reproducible
 "As Built" plans for the Tenant Improvements as prepared by the
 Architect;

 (iv) A complete list of the names, addresses, telephone numbers and
 contract amount for all contractors, subcontractors, vendors
 and/or suppliers providing materials and/or labor for the Tenant
 Improvements;

 (v) No claim of lien shall be of record respecting the Tenant
 Improvements (however, if there is such a lien, this condition
 will be deemed satisfied if Tenant (i) bonds over such lien to
 Landlord's reasonable satisfaction or (ii) permits Landlord to
 retain an amount reasonably determined by Landlord to satisfy
 such lien until the same is released of record or otherwise
 bonded over to Landlord's reasonable satisfaction);

 (vi) Tenant shall have delivered to Landlord conditional or
 unconditional lien releases, as applicable, in accordance with
 California Civil Code Section 3262 as to all of the Tenant
 Improvements;

 (vii) Copies of all building permits, indicating inspection and
 approval of the Premises by the issuer of said permits; and

 (viii) Tenant is not in default under the Lease and no circumstance
 exists that would, with notice or lapse of time, or both,
 constitute a default under the Lease.

 C-2

Landlord, at any time after completion of the Tenant Improvements and upon at
least five (5) business days prior written notice to Tenant, may cause an audit
to be made of Tenant's books and records relating to Tenant's expenditures in
connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements. Tenant shall
maintain complete and accurate books and records in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles of these expenditures during the term. Tenant
shall make available to Landlord's auditor within three (3) business days
following Landlord's notice requiring the audit, all books and records
maintained by Tenant pertaining to the construction and completion of the Tenant
Improvements. In addition to all other remedies which Landlord may have pursuant
to the Lease, Landlord may recover from Tenant the reasonable cost of its audit
if the audit discloses that Tenant falsely reported to Landlord expenditures
which were not in fact made or falsely reported a material amount of any
expenditure or the aggregate expenditures.

2.5 LANDLORD'S PERCENTAGE. Provided the conditions described in Section 2.3
above are satisfied, Landlord will disburse, with respect to each Draw Request
(other than for the Retention), an amount equal to (a) the product of the Final
Costs (as defined in Section 4.2 below) included in the Draw Request multiplied
by Landlord's Rate, minus (b) 10 of the foregoing product (the "RETENTION").
"LANDLORD'S RATE" means the quotient of the Tenant Improvement Allowance divided
by the Final Costs. All Final Costs and other costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the design or construction of the Tenant Improvements in excess
of the Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be paid by Tenant.

2.6 STANDARD TENANT IMPROVEMENT PACKAGE. Landlord has established
specifications (the "SPECIFICATIONS") for the Building standard components to be
used in the construction of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises
(collectively, the "STANDARD IMPROVEMENT PACKAGE"), which Specifications
entitled Seaview Corporate Center Phase 11 Building Standard Materials and
Finishes have been received by Tenant. With respect to all other Tenant
Improvement components, Tenant shall utilize materials and finishes which are
not of lesser quality than the Specifications, unless otherwise approved by
Landlord. Landlord may make changes to the Specifications for the Standard
Improvement Package from time to time.

 SECTION 3

 CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS

3.1 SELECTION OF ARCHITECT/CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS. Tenant has retained
Austin, Veum, Robbins, Parshalle (the "ARCHITECT") to prepare the Construction
Drawings. Tenant shall retain (i) an engineering consultant designated by
Landlord (the "ENGINEER") to prepare all plans and engineering working drawings
relating to structural work and (ii) subcontractors designated by Landlord for
the mechanical, plumbing and electrical trades (the "MPE SUBCONTRACTORS") to
prepare, on a design-build basis, all plans and engineering working drawings
relating to the mechanical, electrical, plumbing, HVAC, lifesafety, and
sprinkler work in the Premises. If the bid for an MPE Subcontractor is
materially higher than another bid for the same trade from a subcontractor that
is reasonably acceptable to Landlord, Tenant may utilize that subcontractor as
an MPE Subcontractor. The plans and drawings to be prepared by Architect, the
MPE Subcontractors and the Engineer hereunder shall be known collectively as the
"CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS." All Construction Drawings shall comply with the drawing
format and specifications reasonably determined by Landlord, and shall be
subject to Landlord's approval. Tenant and Architect shall verify, in the field,
the dimensions and conditions as shown on the relevant portions of the base
building plans, and Tenant and Architect shall be solely responsible for the
same, and Landlord shall have no responsibility in connection therewith.
Landlord's review of the Construction Drawings as set forth in this Section 3,
shall be for its sole purpose and shall not imply Landlord's review of the same,
or obligate Landlord to review the same, for quality, design, Code compliance or
other like matters. Accordingly, notwithstanding that any Construction Drawings
are reviewed by Landlord or its space planner, architect, engineers and
consultants, and notwithstanding any advice or assistance which may be rendered
to Tenant by Landlord or Landlord's space planner, architect, engineers, and
consultants, Landlord shall have no liability whatsoever in connection therewith
and shall not be responsible for any omissions or errors contained in the
Construction Drawings.

3.2 FINAL SPACE PLAN. Tenant and Architect have prepared the final space
plan for Tenant Improvements in the Premises (the "FINAL SPACE PLAN"), which
Final Space Plan includes a layout and designation of all offices, rooms and
other partitioning, their intended use, and equipment to be contained therein,
and has delivered the Final Space Plan to Landlord for Landlord's approval.
Landlord shall diligently review the Final Space Plan and shall either approve
or disapprove the Final Space Plan within two (2) business days following the
date hereof, and if Landlord disapproves of any portion of the Final Space Plan,
the parties shall meet, within two (2) business days after Landlord's
disapproval, to agree upon revisions to be made to the Final Space Plan to meet
the reasonable satisfaction of Landlord and Tenant. The Architect shall then,
within two (2) business days after such meeting, revise the Final Space Plan to
the form agreed upon in such meeting. Landlord shall then approve or reasonably
disapprove the revised Final Space Plan, and in the case of disapproval, the
foregoing process shall be repeated until the Final Space Plan is approved by
Landlord.

3.3 FINAL WORKING DRAWINGS. Within twenty (20) business days following
Landlord's approval of the Final Space Plan, Tenant, Architect, the MPE
Subcontractors and the Engineer shall complete the architectural and engineering
drawings for the Premises, and Architect shall compile a fully coordinated set

 C-3
 
of architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical and plumbing working
drawings in a form which is complete to allow subcontractors to bid on the work
and to obtain all applicable permits (collectively, the " FINAL WORKING
DRAWINGS"), and shall submit the same to Landlord for Landlord's approval.
Landlord shall diligently review the Final Working Drawings and shall either
approve or disapprove the Final Working Drawings within three (3) business days
following receipt thereof, and if Landlord disapproves of any portion of the
Final Working Drawings, the parties shall meet, within two (2) business days
after Landlord's disapproval, to agree upon revisions to be made to the Final
Working Drawings to meet the reasonable satisfaction of Landlord and Tenant. The
Architect shall then, within two (2) business days after such meeting, revise
the Final Working Drawings to the form agreed upon in such meeting. Landlord
shall then approve or reasonably disapprove the revised Final Working Drawings,
and in the case of disapproval, the foregoing process shall be repeated until
the Final Working Drawings are approved by Landlord.

3.4 APPROVED WORKING DRAWINGS. Within three (3) business days following
Landlord's approval of the Final Working Drawings (the "APPROVED WORKING
DRAWINGS"), Tenant shall submit the Approved Working Drawings to the applicable
local governmental agency for all applicable building permits necessary to allow
"Contractor," as that term is defined in Section 4.1 of this Work Letter
Agreement, to commence and fully complete the construction of the Tenant
Improvements (collectively, the "PERMITS"), and, in connection therewith, Tenant
shall coordinate with Landlord in order to allow Landlord, at Landlord's option,
to take part in all phases of the permitting process, and shall supply Landlord,
as soon as possible, with all plan check numbers and dates of submittal.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant hereby agrees that neither Landlord nor
Landlord's consultants shall be responsible for obtaining any building permit or
certificate of occupancy for the Premises and that the obtaining of the same
shall be Tenant's responsibility; provided, however, that Landlord shall, in any
event, cooperate with Tenant in executing permit applications and performing
other ministerial acts reasonably necessary to enable Tenant to obtain any such
permit or certificate of occupancy. No changes, modifications or alterations in
the Approved Working Drawings may be made without the prior written consent of
Landlord.

3.5 TIME DEADLINES. Tenant shall cooperate with Architect, the MPE
Subcontractors, the Engineer, and Landlord to complete all phases of the
Construction Drawings and the permitting process and to receive the Permits in
accordance with the dates set forth in this Work Letter. Tenant shall meet with
Landlord on a weekly basis (or more frequently, if necessary) to discuss
Tenant's progress in connection with the same.

 SECTION 4

 CONSTRUCTION OF TENANT IMPROVEMENTS

4.1 TENANT'S SELECTION OF CONTRACTOR AND TENANT'S AGENTS.

 4.1.1 THE CONTRACTOR. Bilbro Construction Company shall be retained by
Tenant to construct the Tenant Improvements.

 4.1.2 TENANT'S AGENTS. All subcontractors, laborers, materialmen, and
suppliers used by Tenant, including the MPE Subcontractors (such subcontractors,
laborers, materialmen, and suppliers, and the Contractor to be known
collectively as "TENANT'S AGENTS"), and all bids from Tenant's Agents, must be
approved in writing by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. In addition to the MPE Subcontractors, Tenant shall utilize
subcontractors designated by Landlord for the following trades: structural
systems and roofing; provided, however, with respect to any such trade, if the
bid by Landlord's designated subcontractor is materially higher than another bid
received from a subcontractor that is reasonably acceptable to Landlord, Tenant
may utilize such other subcontractor.

4.2 CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT; COST BUDGET. Prior to Tenant's execution of the
construction contract and general conditions with Contractor (the "CONTRACT"),
Tenant shall submit the Contract and the Final Costs (as defined below) to
Landlord for its approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. The Contract shall provide for a guaranteed maximum price and shall
permit the assignment of the Contract to Landlord, at Landlord's option, if the
Lease terminates as a result of Tenant's default. As soon as reasonably
practicable, Tenant shall provide to Landlord for Landlord's approval, a
detailed breakdown, by trade, of the final costs to be incurred, or which have
been incurred, as set forth more particularly in Section 2.2, in connection with
the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements, which costs form a basis
for the amount of the Contract (the "FINAL COSTS"). Tenant shall cause
Contractor to obtain a payment and performance bond from a surety reasonably
acceptable to Landlord in the amount of the Final Costs.

4.3 LANDLORD SUPERVISION. Landlord shall not charge Tenant, or deduct from
the Tenant Improvement Allowance, any supervision Fee.

4.4 CONTRACTOR'S WARRANTIES AND GUARANTIES. Tenant shall require Contractor
to provide standard customary warranties and guaranties relating to the Tenant
Improvements. Tenant will assign to Landlord all warranties and guaranties by
Contractor relating to the Tenant Improvements (i) to the extent necessary to
perform Landlord's obligations under the Lease and (ii) upon the termination of
this Lease. Tenant hereby waives all claims against Landlord relating to, or
arising out of the construction of, the Tenant Improvements.

 C-4

4.5 TENANT'S COVENANTS. Tenant hereby indemnifies Landlord for any loss,
claims, damages or delays arising from the actions of Architect, the Engineer
(but only to the extent such actions relate to the Tenant Improvements) and
Tenant's Agents on the Premises or in the Building. Within ten (10) days after
completion of construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall cause
Contractor and Architect to cause a Notice of Completion to be recorded in the
office of the Recorder of the County in which the Building is located in
accordance with Section 3093 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any
successor statute and furnish a copy thereof to Tenant upon recordation.

4.6 LANDLORD'S GENERAL CONDITIONS FOR TENANT'S AGENTS AND TENANT IMPROVEMENT
WORK. Tenant and Tenant's Agents' construction of the Tenant Improvements shall
comply with the following: (i) the Tenant Improvements shall be constructed in
strict accordance with the Approved Working Drawings; (ii) Tenant and Tenant's
Agents shall not, in any way, interfere with, obstruct, or delay, Landlord's
Work or any other work in the Building; and (iii) Tenant shall abide by all
reasonable rules made by Landlord's Building contractor or Landlord's Building
manager with respect to the use of freight, loading dock and service elevators,
storage of materials, coordination of work with the contractors of other
tenants, and any other matter in connection with this Tenant Work Letter,
including, without limitation, the construction of the Tenant Improvements.
Subject to such reasonable rules and regulations, Tenant shall have the same
rights of access to the Building as applies to all other tenants or contractors
to the extent necessary to perform Tenant's obligations under this Work Letter
Agreement.

4.7 INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS.

 4.7.1 GENERAL COVERAGES. All of Tenants Agents shall carry worker's
compensation insurance covering all of their respective employees, and shall
also carry public liability insurance, including property damage, all with
limits, in form and with companies as are required to be carried by Tenant as
set forth in this Lease, except that the public liability insurance limits shall
be at least One Million Dollars 1,000,000.00).

 4.7.2 SPECIAL COVERAGES. Tenant shall carry "Builder's All Risk"
insurance in an amount and in a form approved by Landlord covering the
construction of the Tenant Improvements, and such other insurance as Landlord
may reasonably require. Such insurance shall be in form and with companies as
are required to be carried by Tenant as set forth in the Lease.

 4.7.3 GENERAL TERMS. Certificates for all insurance carried pursuant
to this Section 4.7 shall be delivered to Landlord before the commencement of
construction of the Tenant Improvements and before the Contractor's equipment is
moved onto the site. All such policies of insurance must contain a provision
that the company writing said policy will give Landlord thirty (30) days prior
written notice of any cancellation or lapse of the effective date or any
reduction in the amounts of such insurance. In the event that the Tenant
Improvements are damaged by any risk that is of a type covered by the "Builder's
All Risk" insurance required to be maintained by Tenant during the course of the
construction thereof, Tenant shall immediately repair the same at Tenant's sole
cost and expense. All policies carried under this Section 4.6 shall insure
Landlord and Tenant, as their interests may appear, as well as Contractor and
Tenant's Agents, and shall name as additional insureds all mortgagees and ground
lessors of the Building and such other persons or entities designated by
Landlord. All insurance maintained by Tenant's Agents shall preclude subrogation
claims by the insurer against anyone insured thereunder. Such insurance shall
provide that it is primary insurance as respects the owner and that any other
insurance maintained by owner is excess and noncontributing with the insurance
required hereunder.

4.8 GOVERNMENTAL COMPLIANCE. The Tenant Improvements shall comply in all
respects with the following: (i) the Code and other state, federal, city or
quasi-governmental laws, codes, ordinances and regulations, as each may apply
according to the rulings of the controlling public official, agent or other
person; (ii) applicable standards of the American Insurance Association
(formerly, the National Board of Fire Underwriters) and the National Electrical
Code; and (iii) building material manufacturer's specifications.

4.9 INSPECTION BY LANDLORD. Landlord shall have the right to inspect the
Tenant Improvements at all times, provided, however, that Landlord's failure to
inspect the Tenant Improvements shall in no event constitute a waiver of any of
Landlord's rights hereunder nor shall Landlord's inspection of the Tenant
Improvements constitute Landlord's approval of the same. Should Landlord
disapprove any portion of the Tenant Improvements, Landlord shall notify Tenant
in writing of such disapproval and shall specify the items disapproved. Any
defects or deviations in, and/or disapproval by Landlord of, the Tenant
Improvements shall be rectified by Tenant at no expense to Landlord, provided,
however, that in the event Landlord determines that a defect or deviation exists
or disapproves of any matter in connection with any portion of the Tenant
Improvements and such defect, deviation or matter might adversely affect the
mechanical, electrical, plumbing, heating, ventilating and air conditioning or
life-safety systems of the Building, the structure or exterior appearance of the
Building or any other tenant's use of such other tenant's leased premises,
Landlord may take such action as Landlord deems necessary, at Tenant's expense
and without incurring any liability on Landlord's part, to correct any such
defect, deviation and/or matter, including, without limitation, causing the
cessation of performance of the construction of the Tenant Improvements until
such time as the defect, deviation and/or matter is corrected to Landlord's
satisfaction.

4.10 MEETINGS. Tenant shall hold weekly (or more frequently, if necessary)
meetings at a reasonable time, with the Architect and the Contractor regarding
the progress of the preparation of Construction Drawings and the construction of
the Tenant Improvements, and Landlord and/or its agents shall receive

 C-5

prior notice of, and shall have the right to attend, all such meetings, and,
upon Landlord's request, certain of Tenant's Agents shall attend such meetings.
In addition, minutes shall be taken at all such meetings, a copy of which
minutes shall be promptly delivered to Landlord. One such meeting each month
shall include the review of Contractor's current request for payment.

4.11 COPY OF "AS BUILT" PLANS. At the conclusion of construction, (i) Tenant
shall cause the Architect and Contractor (A) to update the Approved Working
Drawings as necessary to reflect all changes made to the Approved Working
Drawings during the course of construction, (B) to certify to the best of their
knowledge that the "record-set" of as-built drawings are true and correct, which
certification shall survive the expiration or termination of the Lease, and (C)
to deliver to Landlord two (2) sets of sepias of such as-built drawings within
ninety (90) days following issuance of a certificate of occupancy for the
Premises, and (ii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of all warranties,
guaranties, and operating manuals and information relating to the improvements,
equipment, and systems in the Premises.

4.12 COORDINATION BY TENANT'S AGENTS WITH LANDLORD. Upon Tenant's delivery of
the Contract to Landlord under Section 4.2. of this Tenant Work Letter, Tenant
shall furnish Landlord with a schedule setting forth the projected date of the
completion of the Tenant Improvements and showing the critical time deadlines
for each phase, item or trade relating to the construction of the Tenant
Improvements.

 SECTION 5

 SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION/LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE

5.1 SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION. For purposes of this Lease, "SUBSTANTIAL
COMPLETION" of the Tenant Improvements shall occur upon the completion of
construction of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises pursuant to the Approved
Working Drawings, with the exception of any punchlist items, and the issuance of
a certificate of occupancy (temporary or permanent) or other similar evidence of
acceptance from the appropriate local governmental authority permitting
occupancy of the Premises.

5.2 COMMENCEMENT DATE DELAYS. The Commencement Date shall occur as provided
in Section 1.7 of the Summary. However, if Substantial Completion is delayed
beyond the Target Date due to a Permit Delay, a Landlord Caused Delay or an
Unavoidable Delay, as those terms are defined below, then the Target Date, for
purposes of establishing the Commencement Date, shall be extended by the number
of days equal to the number of days of the Permit Delay, the Landlord Caused
Delay and/or the Unavoidable Delay. The term "PERMIT DELAY" shall mean an actual
delay in Substantial Completion beyond the Target Date resulting from the
issuance of the Permits after the date that is twenty (20) business days
following Tenant's submission to the appropriate governmental authorities of a
complete application for the Permits (however, delays caused by incomplete or
inaccurate submissions by Tenant, Tenant's failure to respond to inquiries or
requested changes by the governmental authorities with due diligence or changes
to submissions by Tenant shall not constitute a Permit Delay). The term,
"LANDLORD CAUSED DELAY" shall mean an actual delay in Substantial Completion
beyond the Target Date to the extent resulting from (i) the material
interference by Landlord, its agents or contractors with Substantial Completion,
(ii) Landlord's failure to abide by the time periods required of Landlord for
approvals hereunder, (iii) Landlord's failure to substantially complete and
deliver Landlord's Work prior to the Target Date or (iv) the failure of an MPE
Contractor designated by Landlord or any other subcontractor designated by
Landlord to perform its work in a timely manner (a "timely manner" shall mean
the time that the work could have been reasonably performed by another similarly
qualified contractor who would have otherwise been available to Tenant were it
not for Landlord's designation of the subcontractor in question). The term
"UNAVOIDABLE DELAY" shall mean an actual delay in Substantial Completion beyond
the Target Date resulting from a Force Majeure Delay, but excluding delays
resulting from the inability to procure materials and delays caused by the acts
or omissions of Tenant's Agents, the Architect or the Engineer (but only to the
extent the acts or omissions of the Engineer relate to the Tenant Improvements).
If Tenant contends that a Permit Delay, a Landlord Caused Delay or an
Unavoidable Delay has occurred, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing (the
"DELAY NOTICE") of the event which constitutes such delay and the delay shall be
deemed to have occurred commencing as of the date of the commencement of such
delay provided Tenant gives Landlord written notice of such delay within two (2)
business days after the date Tenant first has knowledge of such delay, otherwise
such delay will be deemed to have occurred commencing as of the date of
Landlord's receipt of the Delay Notice. In the event of a dispute as to any such
Landlord Caused Delay, Permit Delay or Unavoidable Delay, a mutually acceptable
architect shall determine the existence and extent of the delay.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant fails to submit to the appropriate
governmental authorities a complete application for the Permits by September 14,
1999 (as such date is subject to extension on a day for day basis for each day
of delay in Tenant's submission due to Landlord's failure to comply with the
time periods required of Landlord for approvals hereunder), then the number of
days for the extension of the Target Date due to Permit Delays as provided above
will be reduced by one (1) day for each day that Tenant delays in making such
submission beyond September 14, 1999 (as such date may be extended as provided
above).

5.3 DELIVERY OF POSSESSION. Landlord agrees to deliver possession of the
Premises to Tenant within one (1) business day following the full execution and
delivery of the Lease and Tenant's delivery to

 C-6

Landlord of the Security Deposit, the Letter of Credit, the first full month's
Monthly Basic Rent and evidence that Tenant has obtained the insurance required
under the Lease.

 SECTION 6

 MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 TENANT'S REPRESENTATIVE. Tenant has designated Michael Reynolds and Kirt
Gilliland as its representatives with respect to the matters set forth in this
Work Letter Agreement, either of whom shall, until further notice from tenant to
Landlord, have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Tenant
as required in this Work Letter Agreement.

6.2 LANDLORD'S REPRESENTATIVE. Landlord has designated Bob Wade and Steve
Muller as its representatives with respect to the matters set forth in this Work
Letter Agreement, either of whom, until further notice to Tenant, shall have
full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Landlord as required
in this Work Letter Agreement.

6.3 TIME OF THE ESSENCE IN THIS WORK LETTER AGREEMENT. Unless otherwise
indicated, all references herein to a "NUMBER OF DAYS" shall mean and refer to
business days. In all instances where Tenant is required to approve or deliver
an item, if no written notice of approval is given or the item is not delivered
within the stated time period, at Landlord's sole option, at the end of said
period the item shall automatically be deemed approved or delivered by Tenant
and the next succeeding time period shall commence.

6.4 TENANT'S LEASE DEFAULT. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
contained in the Lease, if an event of default by Tenant as described in Section
23.1 of the Lease or any default by Tenant under this Work Letter Agreement has
occurred at any time on or before the Substantial Completion of the Premises,
then (i) in addition to all other rights and remedies granted to Landlord
pursuant to the Lease, Landlord shall have the right to withhold payment of all
or any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance and/or Landlord may cause
Contractor to cease the construction of the Premises, and (ii) all other
obligations of Landlord under the terms of this Work Letter Agreement shall be
forgiven until such time as such default is cured pursuant to the terms of the
Lease.

6.5 SERVICES. In no event will Tenant be charged for utilities prior to the
Commencement Date. Landlord shall, at no cost to Tenant but consistent with the
obligations to other tenants of the Building, make an elevator available for
Tenant in connection with Tenant's construction activities, initial decorating,
furnishing and moving into the Premises.

6.6 FORCE MAJEURE DELAYS. For purposes of this Work Letter Agreement, "FORCE
MAJEURE DELAYS" means any actual delay in the construction of the Tenant
Improvements, which is beyond the reasonable control of Landlord or Tenant, as
the case may be, as described in Section 32.15 of the Lease.

C-7
 
 SCHEDULE "1"

 DESCRIPTION OF BASE, SHELL AND CORE COMPONENTS

1. Smooth and level floor (1/4" to 10') ready for carpet or other floor
 coverings;

2. Two (2) four-inch (4") fiber optic conduits to the Building;

3. Completed telephone and electrical closets;

4. Completed and painted fire stairwells;

5. Sheet rocked, taped, mudded and sanded perimeter of inside walls and
 elevator lobby and fire rated vestibule including total doors;

6. Main electrical distribution with switchgear and circuit breakers for
 lighting and distribution of power to each floor;

7. Multi-zone central plant for HVAC system complying with the
 Specifications and the HVAC water loop and outside air loop;

8. Fire protection system including primary sprinkler loop. (Sprinkler
 distribution and heads will be located and dropped as part of the Tenant
 Improvement Allowance);

9. Base Building plumbing (hot and cold water) brought to the Premises;
 Base Building restrooms per ADA standards; and

10. Security and access systems controlling access to the Building and each
 floor,

 SCHEDULE "1" to EXHIBIT "C"

EXHIBIT "D"

 SAMPLE FORM OF NOTICE OF LEASE TERM DATES

To:_____________________________________ Date:_________________________

Re: Office Lease dated __________________________, 19__ between
__________________________, a ______________________________, Landlord, and
__________________________, a ______________________________, Tenant, concerning
Suite _____ ("PREMISES") located at _________________________________.

Gentlemen:

In accordance with the above-referenced Lease, we wish to advise and/or confirm
as follows:

1. That the Premises have been accepted by Tenant as being substantially
 complete in accordance with the Lease, and that there is no known
 deficiency in construction.

2. That Tenant has accepted and is in possession of the Premises, and
 acknowledges that under the provisions of the Lease, the Term of the
 Lease is for _________________ (___) years, with ________________ (___)
 options to renew for ____________ (______) years each, and commenced
 upon the Commencement Date of ______________, 19__ and is currently
 scheduled to expire on _____________________, 19__, subject to earlier
 termination as provided in the Lease.

3. That in accordance with the Lease, rental payment has commenced (or
 shall commence) on ______________________, 19__.

4. If the Commencement Date of the Lease is other than the first day of the
 month, the first billing will contain a pro rata adjustment. Each
 billing thereafter, with the exception of the final billing, shall be
 for the full amount of the monthly installment as provided for in the
 Lease.

5. Rent is due and payable in advance on the first day of each and every
 month during the Term of the Lease. Your rent checks should be made
 payable to _____________________________ at _________________________.

6. The exact number of rentable square feet within the Premises is
 _____________ square feet. The exact number of usable square
 feet within the Premises is____________ square feet.

7. Tenant's Percentage, as adjusted based upon the exact number of Rentable
 Square Feet within the Premises, is _________ .

 AGREED AND ACCEPTED

TENANT: LANDLORD:

____________________________________, ___________________________________,
a __________________________________ a __________________________________

By: By:
 --------------------------------- ---------------------------------
 Print Name: Print Name:
 ---------------------- ----------------------
 Print Title: Print Title:
 --------------------- ---------------------

By: By:
 --------------------------------- ---------------------------------
 Print Name: Print Name:
 ---------------------- ----------------------
 Print Title: Print Title:
 --------------------- ---------------------

SAMPLE ONLY [NOT FOR EXECUTION]

 EXHIBIT "D"

EXHIBIT "E"

 RULES AND REGULATIONS

1. No sign, advertisement, name or notice shall be installed or displayed
on any part of the outside or inside of the Building without the prior written
consent of Landlord. Landlord shall have the right to remove, at Tenant's
expense and without notice, any sign installed or displayed in violation of this
rule. All approved signs or lettering on doors and walls shall be printed,
painted, affixed or inscribed at the expense of Tenant by a person approved by
Landlord, using materials and in a style and format approved by Landlord.

2. Tenant shall not place anything or allow anything to be placed near the
glass of any window, door, partition or wall which may appear unsightly from
outside the Premises. No awnings or other projection shall be attached to the
outside walls of the Building without the prior written consent of Landlord. No
curtains, blinds, shades or screens shall be attached to or hung in, or used in
connection with, any window or door of the Premises, other than Building
standard materials, without the prior written consent of Landlord.

3. Tenant shall not obstruct any sidewalks, halls, passages, exits,
entrances, elevators, escalators or stairways of the Building. The halls,
passages, exits, entrances, elevators, escalators and stairways are not for the
general public, and Landlord shall in all cases retain the right to control and
prevent access thereto of all persons whose presence in the judgment of Landlord
would be prejudicial to the safety, character, reputation and interests of the
Building and its tenants; provided, that nothing herein contained shall be
construed to prevent such access to persons with whom any tenant normally deals
in the ordinary course of its business, unless such persons are engaged in
illegal activities. Except as otherwise provided in the Lease, Tenant and no
employee, invitee, agent, licensee or contractor of Tenant shall go upon or be
entitled to use any portion of the roof of the Building.

4. The directory of the Building will be provided exclusively for the
display of the name and location of tenants only, and Landlord reserves the
right to exclude any other names therefrom.

5. All cleaning and janitorial services for the Building and the Premises
shall be provided exclusively through Landlord or Landlord's janitorial
contractors in accordance with the provisions of Section 18.1(d) of the Lease.
No person or persons other than those approved by Landlord shall be employed by
Tenant or permitted to enter the Building for the purpose of cleaning the same.
Tenant shall not cause any unnecessary labor by carelessness or indifference to
the good order and cleanliness of the Premises.

6. Landlord will furnish Tenant, free of charge, with two keys to each door
lock in the Premises. Landlord may impose a reasonable charge for any additional
keys. Tenant may not make or have made additional keys, and Tenant shall not
alter any lock or install a new additional lock or bolt on any door or window of
its Premises. Tenant, upon termination of its tenancy, shall deliver to Landlord
the keys of all doors which have been furnished to, or otherwise procured by
Tenant, and, in the event of loss of any keys, shall pay Landlord the cost of
replacing the same or of changing the lock or locks opened by such lost key if
Landlord shall deem it necessary to make such change.

7. Electric wires, telephones, telegraphs, burglar alarms or other similar
apparatus shall not be installed in the Premises except with the approval and
under the direction of Landlord or as otherwise provided in the Lease. Except as
otherwise provided in the Lease, the location of telephones, call boxes and any
other equipment affixed to the Premises shall be subject to the approval of
Landlord. Any installation of telephones, telegraphs, electric wires or other
electric apparatus made without permission or otherwise in accordance with the
Lease shall be removed by Tenant at Tenant's own expense. Except as otherwise
provided in the Lease, no machines other than standard office machines, such as
typewriters and calculators, photo copiers, personal computers and word.
processors, and vending machines permitted by the Lease, shall be used in the
Premises without the approval of Landlord.

8. No furniture, freight, or equipment of any kind shall be brought into
the Building without prior notice to Landlord and all moving of the same into or
out of the Building shall be done at such time and in such manner as Landlord
shall designate. No furniture, equipment or merchandise shall be received in the
Building or carried up or down in the elevator, except between such hours as
shall be designated by Landlord. Deliveries during normal office hours shall be
limited to normal office supplies and other small items. No deliveries shall be
made which impede or interfere with other tenants or the operation of the
Building.

9. Tenant shall not place a load upon any floor of the Premises which
exceeds the load per square foot which such floor was designed to carry (unless
structural support is provided that is acceptable to Landlord) and which is
allowed by law. Landlord shall have the right to prescribe the weight, size and
position of all equipment, materials, furniture or other property brought into
the Building. Heavy objects, if such objects are considered necessary by Tenant,
as determined by Landlord, shall stand on such platforms as determined by
Landlord to be necessary to properly distribute the weight. Business machines
and mechanical equipment which cause noise or vibration that may be transmitted
to the structure of the Building or to any space therein to such a degree as to
be objectionable to Landlord or to

EXHIBIT "E"

any tenants in the Building, shall be placed and maintained by Tenant, at
Tenant's expense, on vibration eliminators or other devices sufficient to
eliminate noise or vibration. Landlord will not be responsible for loss of, or
damage to, any such equipment or other property from any cause, and all damage
done to the Building by maintaining or moving such equipment or other property
shall be repaired at the expense of Tenant.

10. Tenant shall not use or keep in the Premises any kerosene, gasoline or
inflammable or combustible fluid or material other than those limited quantities
necessary for the operation or maintenance of office equipment or Tenant's
back-up generator. Tenant shall not use or permit to be used in the Premises any
foul or noxious gas or substance, or permit or allow the Premises to be occupied
or used in a manner offensive or objectionable to Landlord or other occupants of
the Project by reason of noise, odors or vibrations, nor shall Tenant bring into
or keep in or about the Premises any birds or animals.

11. Except as otherwise provided in the Lease, Tenant shall not use any
method of heating or airconditioning other than that supplied by Landlord.

12. Tenant shall not waste electricity, water or air-conditioning and agrees
to cooperate fully with Landlord to assure the most effective operation of the
Building's heating and air-conditioning and to comply with any governmental
energy-saving rules, laws or regulations of which Tenant has actual notice, and
shall not adjust controls other than room thermostats installed for Tenant's
use. Tenant shall keep corridor doors closed and shall close window coverings at
the end of each business day.

13. Landlord reserves the right from time to time, in Landlord's sole and
absolute discretion, exercisable without prior notice and without liability to
Tenant, to: (a) name or change the name of the Building, Site or Project; (b)
change the address of the Building or Project, and/or (c) install, replace or
change any signs in, on or about the Common Areas, the Building or Site (except
for Tenant's signs, if any, which are expressly permitted by the Lease).

14. Landlord reserves the right to exclude from the Building between the
hours of 6:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m., or such other hours as may be established from
time to time by Landlord, and on legal holidays, any person unless that person
is known to the person or employee in charge of the Building and has a pass or
is properly identified. Landlord shall not be liable for damages for any error
with regard to the admission to or exclusion from the Building of any person.
Tenant shall be responsible for all persons for whom it requests passes and
shall be liable to Landlord for all acts of such persons. Landlord reserves the
right to prevent access to the Building in case of invasion, mob, riot, public
excitement or other commotion by closing the doors or by other appropriate
action.

15. Tenant shall close and lock all doors of its Premises and entirely shut
off all water faucets or other water apparatus, and, except with regard to
Tenant's computers and other equipment which reasonably require electricity on a
24-hour basis, all electricity, gas or air outlets before Tenant and its
employees leave the Premises. Tenant shall be responsible for any damage or
injuries sustained by other tenants or occupants of the Building or by Landlord
for noncompliance with this rule.

16. The toilet rooms, toilets, urinals, wash bowls and other apparatus shall
not be used for any purpose other than that for which they were constructed, and
no foreign substances of any kind whatsoever shall be thrown therein.

17. Tenant shall not sell, or permit the sale at retail, of newspapers,
magazines, periodicals, theater tickets, or any other goods or merchandise to
the general public in or on the Premises. Tenant shall not make any room-to-room
solicitation of business from other tenants in the Project. Tenant shall not use
the Premises for any business or activity other than that specifically provided
for in the Lease.

18. Except as otherwise provided in the Lease, Tenant shall not install any
radio or television antenna, loudspeaker or other device on the roof or exterior
walls of the Building. Tenant shall not interfere with radio or television
broadcasting or reception from or in the Building or elsewhere.

19. Except as expressly permitted in the Lease, Tenant shall not mark, drive
nails, screw or drill into the partitions, window mullions, woodwork or plaster,
or in any way deface the Premises or any part thereof, except to install normal
wall hangings. Tenant shall repair any damage resulting from noncompliance under
this rule.

20. Except for vending machines used for Tenant's employees, Tenant shall
not install, maintain or operate upon the Premises any vending machines without
the prior written consent of Landlord, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

21. Canvassing, soliciting and distribution of handbills or any other
written material, and peddling in and around the Project or the Building are
expressly prohibited, and each tenant shall cooperate to prevent same.

E-2

22. Landlord reserves the right to exclude or expel from the Project and/or
the Building any person who, in Landlord's judgment, is intoxicated or under the
influence of liquor or drugs or who is in violation of any of the Rules and
Regulations of the Project or Building.

23. Tenant shall store all its trash and garbage within its Premises. Tenant
shall not place in any trash box or receptacle any material which cannot be
disposed of in the ordinary and customary manner of trash and garbage disposal.
All garbage and refuse disposal shall be made in accordance with directions
reasonably issued from time to time by Landlord.

24. The Premises shall not be used for the storage of merchandise held for
sale to the general public, or for lodging or for manufacturing of any kind. No
cooking shall be done or permitted by Tenant on the Premises, except that use by
Tenant of Underwriters' Laboratory-approved equipment for brewing coffee, tea,
hot chocolate and similar beverages shall be permitted and the use of a
microwave shall be permitted, provided that such equipment and use is in
accordance with all applicable federal, state, county and city laws, codes,
ordinances, rules and regulations.

25. Tenant shall not use in any space, or in the public halls of the
Building, any hand trucks except those equipped with rubber tires and side
guards, or such other material-handling equipment as Landlord may approve.
Tenant shall not bring any other vehicles of any kind into the Building.

26. Tenant shall not use the name of the Project or Building in connection
with, or in promoting or advertising, the business of Tenant, except for
Tenant's address.

27. Tenant agrees that it shall comply with all fire and security
regulations that may be issued from time to time by Landlord, and Tenant also
shall provide Landlord with the name of a designated responsible employee to
represent Tenant in all matters pertaining to such fire or security regulations.
Tenant shall cooperate fully with Landlord in all matters concerning fire and
other emergency procedures.

28. Tenant assumes any and all responsibility for protecting its Premises
from theft, robbery and pilferage. Such responsibility shall include keeping
doors locked and other means of entry to the Premises closed.

29. Landlord may waive any one or more of these Rules and Regulations for
the benefit of Tenant or any other tenant, but no such waiver by Landlord shall
be construed as a waiver of such Rules and Regulations in favor of Tenant or any
other such tenant (except to the extent of such waiver), nor prevent Landlord
from thereafter enforcing any such Rules and Regulations against any and all of
the tenants in the Building; provided, however, Landlord Will not waive or
enforce such Rules and Regulations in a manner that would unreasonably interfere
with Tenant's rights under the Lease.

30. These Rules and Regulations are in addition to, and shall not be
construed to in any way modify or amend, in whole or in part, the terms,
covenants, agreements and conditions of any lease of premises in the Project or
Building.

31. Landlord reserves the right to make such other and reasonable Rules and
Regulations as, in its judgment, may from time to time be needed for safety,
security, care and cleanliness of the Project and/or Building and for the
preservation of good order therein. Tenant agrees to abide by all such Rules and
Regulations hereinabove stated and any additional rules and regulations which
are adopted.

32. Tenant shall be responsible for the observance of all of the foregoing
rules by Tenant's employees, agents, clients, customers, invitees or guests.

33. Tenant shall not lay linoleum, tile, carpet or other similar floor
covering so that the same shall be affixed to the floor of the Premises in any
manner except by a paste, or other material which may easily be removed with
water, the use of cement or other similar adhesive materials being expressly
prohibited. The method of affixing any such linoleum, tile, carpet or other
similar floor covering shall be subject to the approval of Landlord. The expense
of repairing any damage resulting from a violation of this rule shall be borne
by Tenant.

 PARKING RULES AND REGULATIONS

In addition to the parking provisions contained in the Lease to which this
Exhibit "E" is attached, the following rules and regulations shall apply with
respect to the use of the Building's parking facilities.

1. Every parker is required to park and lock his/her own vehicle. All
responsibility for damage to or loss of vehicles is assumed by the parker and
Landlord shall not be responsible for any such damage or loss by water, fire,
defective brakes, the act or omissions of others, theft, or for any other cause.

2. Tenant shall not park or permit its employees to park in any parking
areas designated by Landlord as areas for parking by visitors to the Project.
Tenant shall not leave vehicles in the parking areas

 E-3

overnight nor park any vehicles in the parking areas other than automobiles,
sport utility vehicles, pickups, motorcycles, motor driven or non-motor driven
bicycles or four wheeled trucks.

3. Parking stickers or any other device or form of identification supplied
by Landlord as a condition of use of the parking facilities shall remain the
property of Landlord. Such parking identification device must be displayed as
requested and may not be mutilated in any manner. The serial number of the
parking identification device may not be obliterated. Devices are not
transferable and any device in the possession of an unauthorized holder will be
void.

4. No overnight or extended term storage of vehicles shall be permitted.

5. Vehicles must be parked entirely within painted stall lines of a single
parking stall.

6. All directional signs and arrows must be observed.

7. The speed limit within all parking areas shall be five (5) miles per
hour.

8. Parking is prohibited: (a) in areas not striped for parking; (b) in
aisles; (c) where "no parking" signs are posted; (d) on ramps; (e) in
cross-hatched areas; and (f) in reserved spaces and in such other areas as may
be designated by Landlord or Landlord's parking operator.

9. Loss or theft of parking identification devices must be reported to the
Management Office immediately, and a lost or stolen report must be filed by the
Tenant or user of such parking identification device at the time. Landlord has
the right to exclude any vehicle from the parking facilities that does not have
an identification device.

10. Any parking identification devices reported lost or stolen found on any
unauthorized car will be confiscated and the illegal holder will be subject to
prosecution.

11. Washing, waxing, cleaning or servicing of any vehicle in any area not
specifically reserved for such purpose is prohibited.

12. The parking operators, managers or attendants are not authorized to make
or allow any exceptions to these rules and regulations.

13. Tenant's continued right to park in the parking facilities is
conditioned upon Tenant abiding by these rules and regulations and those
contained in this Lease. Further, if the Lease terminates for any reason
whatsoever, Tenant's right to park in the parking facilities shall terminate
concurrently therewith.

14. Tenant agrees to sign a parking agreement with Landlord or Landlord's
parking operator within five (5) days of request, which agreement shall provide
the manner of payment of monthly parking fees and otherwise be consistent with
the Lease and these rules and regulations.

15. Landlord reserves the right to refuse the sale or use of monthly
stickers or other parking identification devices to any tenant or person who
willfully refuses to comply with these rules and regulations and all city, state
or federal ordinances, laws or agreements.

16. Landlord reserves the right to establish and change parking fees, and to
modify and/or adopt such other reasonable and non-discriminatory rules and
regulations for the parking facilities as it deems necessary for the operation
of the parking facilities. Landlord may refuse to permit any person who violates
these rules to park in the parking facilities, and any violation of the rules
shall subject the vehicle to removal, at such vehicle owner's expense.

 E-4

EXHIBIT "F"
 SAMPLE FORM OF TENANT ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

The undersigned ("TENANT") hereby certifies to ___________________________, a
____________________________________________________________ ("LANDLORD"), and
_______________________________________________, as follows:

1. Attached hereto is a true, correct and complete copy of that certain
Office Lease dated ____________, 19__ between Landlord and Tenant (the "LEASE"),
which demises Premises which are located at ______________________________. The
Lease is now in full force and effect and has not been amended, modified or
supplemented, except as set forth in Section 6 below.

2. The term of the Lease commenced on __________, 19__.

3. The term of the Lease is currently scheduled to expire on _______, 19__.

4. Tenant has no option to renew or extend the Term of the Lease except:
_______________________________________________________________________________
_________________.

5. Tenant has no preferential right to purchase the Premises or any portion
of the Building or Site upon which the Premises are located, and Tenant has no
rights or options to expand into other space in the Building except:___________
______________________________________________.

6. The Lease has: (initial One)

 ) not been amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed or
 assigned.

 ) been amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed or
 assigned by the following described agreements, copies of which are
 attached hereto: _________________________________________________
 __________________________________________________________________
 ______________________.

7. Tenant has accepted and is now in possession of the Premises and has not
sublet, assigned or encumbered the Lease, the Premises or any portion thereof
except as follows: ____________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________________
____________________________

8. The current Monthly Basic Rent is ___________________; and current
monthly parking charges are ________________.

9. Tenant's Percentage is ___________ , and Tenant's Percentage of
Operating Expenses currently payable by Tenant is ____________ per month, which
amount is Landlord's current estimate of Tenant's Percentage of Operating
Expenses in excess of:

 (Complete One) _________________ per year (expense stop), or

 the Operating Expenses incurred in calendar year _______.

10. The amount of security deposit (if any) is ______________. No other
security deposits have been made.

11. All rental payments payable by Tenant have been paid in full as of the
date hereof. No rent under the Lease has been paid for more than thirty (30)
days in advance of its due date.

12. All work required to be performed by Landlord under the Lease has been
completed and has been accepted by Tenant, and all tenant improvement allowances
have been paid in full.

13. To the best of Tenant's knowledge, as of the date hereof, there are no
defaults on the part of Landlord or Tenant under the Lease.

14. Tenant has no defense as to its obligations under the Lease and claims
no set-off or counterclaim against Landlord.

15. Tenant has no right to any concession (rental or otherwise) or similar
compensation in connection with renting the space it occupies, except as
expressly provided in the Lease.

16. All insurance required of Tenant under the Lease has been provided by
Tenant and all premiums have been paid.

EXHIBIT "F"

17. There has not been filed by or against Tenant a petition in bankruptcy,
voluntary or otherwise, any assignment of creditors, any petition seeking
reorganization or arrangement under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or
any state thereof, or any other action brought pursuant to such bankruptcy laws
with respect to Tenant.

18. Tenant pays rent due Landlord under the Lease to Landlord and does not
have any knowledge of any other person who has any right to such rents by
collateral assignment or otherwise.

Dated:_________________________, 19__.

 "TENANT"

 _______________________________________
 a______________________________________

By:____________________________________
 Print Name:____________________________
 Its:___________________________________

F-2

</EX-10.28A>

<EX-10.28B>
 15
 v37326exv10w28b.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.28B

EXHIBIT 10.28B

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE

 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE ("AMENDMENT") is made and entered into as of
the 3rd day of July, 2001 by and between LNR SEAVIEW, INC., a Delaware
corporation ("LANDLORD"), and WEBSIDESTORY, INC. a California corporation
('TENANT").

 RECITALS:

 A. Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Office Lease, dated as
of August 23, 1999 (the "LEASE"), whereby Tenant leased certain office space in
the building located at 10182 Telesis Court, San Diego, California 92121.

 B. By this Amendment, Landlord and Tenant desire to provide for the
removal of certain improvements to be constructed in the Premises and to
otherwise modify the Lease as provided herein.

 C. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms as used herein
shall have the same meanings as given thereto in the Lease.

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual
covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

 AGREEMENT:

 1. Sublease. Tenant has entered into a Sublease with RF Magic
("SUBLEASE") whereby RF Magic subleases a portion of the fourth (4th) floor of
the Premises consisting of 21,352 rentable square feet (the 'SUBLEASED
PREMISES"). In connection with the Sublease, RF Magic proposes to build certain
improvements in the Subleased Premises, which improvements will include two (2)
laboratories (the "LABS"). Landlord has agreed to consent to the construction of
the Labs, contingent upon Tenant's agreement to the terms and conditions
contained in this Amendment.

 2. Removal of Labs. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the
Lease, Tenant hereby agrees to (i) remove the Labs from the Subleased Premises,
(ii) restore the area to the condition existing prior to the construction of
the Labs and (iii) repair any damage to the Subleased Premises or Project caused
by such removal, all at Tenant's sole cost and expense. In the event Tenant
fails to perform the foregoing work as required herein, Tenant shall be in
default under the Lease.

 3. Letter of Credit. As security for Tenant's performance of its
obligations under the Lease, Tenant shall, on or before July 13, 2001, deliver
to Landlord an unconditional, irrevocable and renewable letter of credit issued
by a bank reasonably satisfactory to Landlord with a branch capable of honoring
a demand upon such Letter of Credit located in Southern California ("Letter of
Credit") in favor of Landlord in form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, in
the initial principal amount of Thirty Thousand Dollars 30,000.00). The
failure of Tenant to deliver the Letter of Credit on or before July 13, 2001,
shall constitute a default by Tenant under the Lease without the application of
any notice and cure period. The Letter of Credit shall state that an authorized
officer or other representative of Landlord may make demand on Landlord's behalf
for the amount owed by Tenant to Landlord, and that the issuing bank must
immediately honor such demand, without qualification or satisfaction of any
conditions, except the proper identification of the party making such demand and
the reason that the party is making the demand. In addition, the Letter of
Credit shall indicate that it is transferable in its entirety by Landlord as
beneficiary and that upon receiving written notice of transfer, and upon
presentation to the issuer of the original Letter of Credit, the issuer will
reissue the Letter of Credit naming such transferee as the beneficiary. If the
term of the Letter of Credit held by Landlord will expire prior to thirty (30)
days following the expiration date of the Lease and it is not extended, or a new
Letter of Credit for an extended period of time is not substituted, at least
thirty (30)

 SEAVIEW PHASE II
 [WebSideStory]

days prior to the expiration of the Letter of Credit, then Landlord may deliver
written notice of such fact to Tenant and if Tenant does not extend the Letter
of Credit or substitute a new Letter of Credit within ten (10) days after
Tenant's receipt of such notice from Landlord, Landlord shall be entitled to
make demand for the principal amount of said Letter of Credit and, thereafter,
to hold such funds in accordance with this Section 4 below. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, the Letter of Credit required
by this Section 4 shall not be reduced and is not subject to cancellation
regardless of Tenant's net worth. In addition, upon thirty (30) days' prior
notice to Tenant, Landlord may require that the stated amount of the Letter of
Credit be increased to the amount Landlord reasonably estimates it will cost to
perform the removal and restoration work described in Section 2 above. The
Letter of Credit shall be held by Landlord as security for the faithful
performance by Tenant of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the
Lease. If Tenant commits a default with respect to any provision of the Lease,
Landlord may (but shall not be required to) draw upon the Letter of Credit and
use, apply or retain all or any part of the proceeds for the payment of any sum
which is in default, or for the payment of any other amount which Landlord may
spend or become obligated to spend by reason of Tenant's default or to
compensate Landlord for any loss or damage which Landlord may suffer by reason
of Tenant's default. If any portion of the Letter of Credit is so used or
applied, Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, post an
additional Letter of Credit in an amount sufficient to restore the Letter of
Credit to the principal amount required under this Section 4 above. Landlord
shall not be required to keep any proceeds from the Letter of Credit separate
from its general funds and Tenant shall not be entitled to any interest on such
proceeds. Should Landlord sell its interest in the Premises during the Term and
if Landlord deposits with the purchaser thereof the Letter of Credit or any
proceeds of the Letter of Credit, thereupon Landlord shall be discharged from
any further liability with respect to the Letter of Credit and said proceeds.

 4. Correction to Section 5.2(a) of the Lease. The word "within" in the
fifteenth (15th) line of Section 5.2(a) of the Lease is deleted and the words
"at least" are substituted therefor.

 5. Defaults. Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that, as
of the date of this Amendment, Tenant is in full compliance with all terms,
covenants and conditions of the Lease and that there are no breaches or defaults
under the Lease by Landlord or Tenant, and that Tenant knows of no events or
circumstances which, given the passage of time, would constitute a default under
the Lease by either Landlord or Tenant.

 6. Tenant's Authority. Tenant and the persons executing this Amendment
on behalf of Tenant represent and warrant that: (a) Tenant is a duly organized
and validly existing partnership or corporation and is qualified to do business
in the state in which the Premises are located; (b) such persons executing this
Amendment are duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment on Tenant's
behalf in accordance with a duly adopted resolution of Tenant's board of
directors and Tenant's by-laws; and (c) this Amendment is binding upon Tenant
in accordance with its terms. Concurrently with Tenant's execution and delivery
of this Amendment to Landlord and/or at any time within ten (10) days of
Landlord's request, Tenant shall provide to Landlord a copy of any documents
reasonably requested by Landlord evidencing such qualification, organization,
existence and authorization.

 7. Landlord's Attorneys' Fees. The cap of One Thousand Dollars 1,000.00) set forth in Section 14.7 of the Lease shall be increased to Four
Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 4,500.00) with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Sublease to RF Magic.

 8. No Further Modification. Except as set forth in this Amendment, all
of the terms and provisions of the Lease shall remain unmodified and in full
force and effect. Effective as of the date hereof, all references to the "Lease"
shall refer to the Lease as amended by this Amendment.

 SEAVIEW PHASE II
 [WebSideStory]

 -2-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been executed as of the day and
year first above written.

 "Landlord":

 LNR SEAVIEW, INC., a California corporation

 By: /s/ Curtis T. Stephensury
 ---------------------------------
 Name: CURTIS T. STEPHENSURY
 Title: ASST. VP

 By:
 ---------------------------------
 Name:
 -------------------------------
 Title:
 --------------------------

 "Tenant"

 WEBSIDESTORY, INC.,
 A Delaware corporation

 By: /s/ John Hentrich
 ---------------------------------
 Print Name: JOHN HENTRICH
 Title: CEO

 By: /s/ Randall Broberg
 ---------------------------------
 Print Name: RANDALL BROBERG
 Title: Sr. V.P.

 SEAVIEW PHASE II
 [WebSideStory]

 -3-

EXHIBIT "D"

 NOTICE OF LEASE TERM DATE

To: WebSideStory, Inc.

Re: Office Lease dated August 23, 1999 between LNR Seaview, Inc., a California
 Corporation, Landlord, and WebSideStory, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
 Tenant, located at 10182 Telesis Court, San Diego, CA 92121 ("Premises").

Gentlemen:

In accordance with the above-referenced Lease, we wish to advise and/or confirm
as follows:

1. That the Premises have been accepted by Tenant as being substantially
 complete in accordance with the Lease, and that there is no deficiency in
 construction.

2. That Tenant has accepted and is in possession of the Premises, and
 acknowledges that under the provisions of the Lease, the Term of the Lease
 for the fifth (5th) and sixth (6th) floors is Eighty-Four (84) months and
 the fourth (4th) floor is for Seventy-Six (76) months, with two (2)
 options to renew for five (5) years each. Commenced upon the fifth (5th)
 and sixth (6th) Floor Commencement Date of January 3, 2000; and the fourth
 (4th) Floor Commencement Date of September 15, 2000 and is currently
 scheduled to expire on January 31, 2007, subject to earlier termination as
 provided in the Lease.

3. That in accordance with the Lease, rental payment has commenced for the
 fifth (5th) and sixth (6th) floors on January 3, 2000 and for the fourth
 (4th) floor on September 15, 2000.

4. If the Commencement Date of the Lease is other than the first day of the
 month, the first billing will contain a pro rata adjustment. Each billing
 thereafter, with the exception of the final billing, shall be for the full
 amount of the monthly installment as provided for in the Lease.

5. Rent is due and payable in advance on the first day of each and every
 month during the Term of the Lease. Your rent checks should be made
 payable to LNR Seaview, Inc. at 10180 Telesis Court, Suite 330, San Diego,
 CA 92121.

6. The exact number of rentable square feet within the Premises is 61,211
 square feet. The exact number of usable square feet within the Premises is
 57,540 square feet.

7. Tenant's Percentage, as adjusted based upon the exact number of Rentable
 Square Feet within the Premises, is 26.6 , in accordance with Section 1.3
 of the Lease, and Section 1.9 of the Summary.

 SEAVIEW PHASE II
 [WebSideStory,Inc.

 EXHIBIT "D"

 -1-

8. Tenant's combined basic Monthly Rent schedule for suites 400, 500 and 600
 to be as follows:

Months Square Feet Monthly Rent 
- ---------------------------------------
 
 1-4 25,000 48,750,00
 5-8 30,000 58,500.00
 9 61,211 99,931.13
10-12 61,211 119,361.45
13-24 61,211 123,539.10
25-36 61,211 127,862.97
37-48 61,211 132,338.18
49-60 61,211 136,970.02
61-72 61,211 141,763.98
73-84 61,211 146,725.71

Per lease rent based on 25,000sf Months 1-4; paying based on 30,000sf Months
5-8 although tenant is occupying full two (2) floors of 39,859sf.

 Per fourth floor commencement on 9/15/00

 AGREED AND ACCEPTED

TENANT: LANDLORD:

WEBSIDESTORY, Inc., LNR Seaview, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation a California corporation

By: /s/ John Hentrich By: /s/ CURTIS J. STEPHENSURY
 ---------------------------- ---------------------------------
 Print Name: JOHN HENTRICH Print Name: CURTIS J. STEPHENSURY
 Print Title: CEO Print Title: ASST. V.P.

 SEAVIEW PHASE II
 [WebSideStory, Inc.]

 EXHIBIT "D"

 -2-

</EX-10.28B>

<EX-10.28C>
 16
 v37326exv10w28c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.28C

exv10w28c 

EXHIBIT
10.28C

SECOND AMENDMENT TO OFFICE LEASE 

This SECOND AMENDMENT TO OFFICE LEASE (this Second Amendment is entered into as of the
7 th day of December, 2005 (the Effective Date ), by and between SEAVIEW PFG, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company Landlord ), and WEBSIDESTORY, INC., a California corporation
 Tenant ), with reference to the following facts:

RECITALS 

A. Landlord s predecessor-in-interest, LNR Seaview, Inc., a California corporation LNR and Tenant previously entered into that certain Office Lease dated as of August 23,
1999 (the Original Lease ), whereby Tenant leased certain office space Premises in the
Building located at 10182 Telesis Court, San Diego, California 92121 (the Building also
known as Seaview Corporate Center, as the same is more particularly described in the Original
Lease.

B. LNR and Tenant also previously entered into that certain First Amendment to
Lease (the First Amendment dated as of July 3, 2001 amending certain terms of the Lease.
The Original Lease and First Amendment are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
 Lease. 

C. LNR s interest as landlord under the Lease was previously assigned to Landlord
by that certain Assignment of Leases dated April 17, 2002.

D. Landlord and Tenant now desire to extend the term of the Lease and to further
amend certain provisions of the Lease upon the terms set forth herein.

E. Terms used herein beginning with capital letters and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings given to them in the Lease.

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree, effective as of the Effective Date, as follows:

1. Premises . Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge and agree that the Premises
consists of 61,211 rentable square feet and 57,549 useable square feet located on the forth,
fifth and sixth floors of the Building.

2. Term . Section 1.6 of the Summary is hereby amended to provide for an
Extended Term (the Extended Term of an additional seventy two (72) months with the
Extended Term commencing on February 1, 2007 and ending on January 31, 2013.

3. Monthly Basic Rent . Section 1.8 of the Summary is hereby amended to add the
following schedule of Monthly Basic Rent

Extension Period 

Years/Months 
 
 Monthly Basic Rent 

2/1/07-1/31/08

146,906.40 

2/1/08-1/31/09

151,313.59 

2/1/09-1/31/10

155,853.00 

2/1/10-1/31/11

160,528.59 

2/1/11-1/31/12

165,344.45 

2/1/12-1/31/13

170,304.78 

4. Base
Year . Section 1.10 of the Summary is hereby amended to provide
that during the Extension Period, the Base Year shall be the calendar year 2005.

5. Tenant
Improvement Allowance . As of the Effective Date, and for a period of
twelve (12) months following the first day of the first month thereafter, Tenant shall be
entitled to a tenant changes allowance (the Tenant Changes Allowance of up to TEN DOLLARS 10.00) per useable square foot of the Premises for a total maximum Tenant Changes
Allowance of Five Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Four Hundred Dollars 575,400.00) for
Tenant s use in making Tenant Changes, as that term is defined in Section 12 of the Lease, to
the Premises. Alternatively, Landlord will allow Tenant to apply up to Eight Dollars 8.00) per
useable square foot of the Premises 460,320.00) to offset Rent Offset Monthly Basic Rent
during the twelve month period commencing on the first day of the first month following the
Effective Date. No later than sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, Tenant shall give
Landlord
written notice of its election to use either the Tenant Changes Allowance to effect Tenant
Changes to the Premises or the Rent Offset to offset Monthly Basic Rent or a combination of
both on a per square foot basis. For example, Tenant may elect to use 250,000 of Tenant
Changes Allowance and 325,400 of Rent Offset. In the event and to the extent that Tenant
elects to utilize the Tenant Changes Allowance, the provisions of Section 12 of the Lease
shall apply to all such Tenant Changes completed within the aforementioned twelve (12) month period
and the provisions of Exhibit C , Work Letter Agreement, shall apply to the disbursement of
the Tenant Changes Allowance just if such Tenant Change Allowance were in fact the Tenant
Improvements Allowance under Exhibit C . In the event and to the extent that Tenant fails to
utilize the Tenant Changes Allowance or notify Landlord of its intent to apply the Rent Offset
as provided in this Second Amendment, then and in such event, the Tenant will be deemed to have
elected the Rent Offset and will be entitled to the Rent Offset described in this paragraph.

6. Option
Term . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that the Extended
Term provided by this Second Amendment constitutes the exercise of the first of the two
options for the extension of the Lease as provided for in Section 36 of the Lease and that the Lease
is hereby extended according to the terms set forth in this Second
Amendment.

7. Proposition
13 Protection . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that
this Second Amendment constitutes the exercise of the first of the two option periods provided
for in Section 36 of the Lease, and as such, the provisions of Section 4.6 of the Lease are no
longer applicable to the Lease. Accordingly, Section 4.6 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its
entirety and is of no further force or effect.

- 2 -

8. No
Further Modification . Except as set forth in this Second Amendment, all
of the terms and provisions of the Lease shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect.
Effective as of the Effective Date, all references to the Lease shall refer to the Lease as
modified by this Second Amendment.

9. Ratification;
Controlling Effect . The Lease, as amended by this Second
Amendment, is hereby ratified by Landlord and Tenant, and Landlord and Tenant hereby agree
that the Lease, as so amended, shall continue in full force and effect. In the event of any
conflict between the terms of this Second Amendment and the provisions of the Original Lease as
previously amended, the terms of this Second Amendment shall control.

10. Tenant
Changes Allowance and/or Rent Offset . The amount of the Tenant
Changes Allowance and/or the amount of any Rent Offset actually used by Tenant shall be
deemed added to Section 23.2(d) of the Lease and included in the list of amounts necessary to
compensate Landlord for any detriment proximately caused by any default of Tenant, as further
described therein.

11. Address
Change . Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the address of Landlord
for notice under the Lease is the following:

SEAVIEW PFG, LLC 

c/o The Shidler Group 

10188 Telesis Court, Suite 222 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Attn: Mr. Matthew J. Root 

12. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Voluntary Agreement. The parties have read this Second Amendment
and on the advice of counsel they have freely and voluntarily entered
into this Second
Amendment.

(b) Successors. This Second Amendment shall be binding on and inure to the
benefit of the parties and their successors.

(c) Counterparts. This Second Amendment may be signed in two or more
counterparts. When at least one such counterpart has been signed by each party, this Second
Amendment shall be deemed to have been fully executed, each counterpart shall be deemed to be
an original, and all counterparts shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement.

- 3 -

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Second Amendment has been entered into as of
the date first set forth above.

Landlord 
 
 SEAVIEW PFG, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
 
 Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company, 

its authorized signatory 

By: 
 
 /s/ Troy A. Koersolmes 

Name:

Troy A. Koersolmes 

Its:

Investment Director Asset Management 

By: 
 
 /s/ Douglas A. Kintzle 

Name:

Douglas A. Kintzle 

Its:

Assistant Managing Director Asset Management 

Tenant 
 
 WEBSIDESTORY, INC., 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeff Lunsford 

Name:

Jeff Lunsford 

Its:

CEO 

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

- 4 -

</EX-10.28C>

<EX-10.29A>
 17
 v37326exv10w29a.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.29A

EXHIBIT 10.29A

 SUBLEASE

1. PARTIES.

 This Sublease ("Sublease"), dated for reference purposes July 3rd, 2001,
 is made between WebSideStory, Inc. ("Sublessor"), and RF Magic
 ("Sublessee").

2. MASTER LEASE.

 Sublessor is the tenant under a written lease dated August 23, 1999 (the
 "Master Lease"), wherein LNR Seaview, Inc, a California corporation
 ("Lessor") leased to Sublessor the real property located in the City of
 San Diego, County of San Diego, State of California, described as: 10182
 Telesis Court, Suites 400, 500 and 600, San Diego, California, 92121
 ("Master Premises"). A true and correct copy of the Master Lease is
 attached hereto as EXHIBIT A. Any capitalized terms used herein and not
 defined herein shall have the meanings set forth for such capitalized
 terms in the Master Lease.

3. SUBLEASED PREMISES; USE.

 Sublessor hereby subleases to Sublessee on the terms and conditions set
 forth in this Sublease the following portion of the Master Premises: Suite
 400 at 10182 Telesis Court indicated on EXHIBIT B attached hereto and
 consisting of 21,352 rentable square feet on the fourth floor (the
 "Subleased Premises"). The parties acknowledge and agree upon the accuracy
 of said square feet figure. Sublessee may use the Subleased Premises for
 the uses identified in Section 1.12 and Article 6.1 of the Master Lease;
 provided, however, that, in addition to such uses, Sublessee may also use
 in the Subleased Premises those hazardous materials listed on EXHIBIT E.

4. TENANT IMPROVEMENTS AND UTILITIES.

 At Sublessee's option and with Sublessor's consent hereby, Sublessee shall
 construct, at its expense (but subject to reimbursement as set forth
 below), within the Subleased Premises private offices ("Office Work"), a
 lobby (the "Lobby Work") and approximately 2,000 square feet of
 electronics lab ("Lab Work") and such other tenant improvements as
 Sublessee desires, in each case based on plans, specifications and cost
 estimates to be reasonably approved by Sublessor and subject to Lessor's
 approval under the Master Lease. Sublessor shall reimburse Sublessee,
 within ten (10) days of invoice, for the actual cost of the Office Work,
 up to a maximum amount of 30,000. With respect to the Office Work, Lobby
 Work and the Lab Work: (a) Sublessor and Sublessee shall agree upon a
 mutually acceptable architect for any and all architectural and space
 planning services and upon a mutually acceptable contractor for
 construction work; (b) the precise location and configuration shall be
 subject to review and reasonable approval of Sublessor; (c) all work shall
 be performed in accordance with Lessor's Rules and Regulations as set
 forth on Exhibit E of the Master Lease; and (d) Sublessee shall comply
 with all applicable provisions of the Master Lease, including obtaining
 any and all required consents of Lessor and any restrictions on the use of
 chemicals or hazardous materials. Sublessor hereby consents to the
 construction of the Initial Tenant Improvements as further described in
 Exhibit C attached hereto. Sublessee shall not be obligated to remove at
 any time during or at the expiration of the Sublease Term the Office Work,
 Lobby Work or Lab Work. Notwithstanding Section 12.2 of the Master Lease,
 the Initial Tenant Improvements shall throughout the Sublease Term be and
 remain Sublessee's property. Sublessor hereby agrees to provide Lessor the
 letter of credit required under Section 4.10 of the Lessor's consent
 (attached hereto as Exhibit D) on or before July 9, 2001, and Sublessee
 shall receive one (1) day of free Rent for each day beyond July 9, 2001
 that such letter of credit has not been so provided to Lessor. Sublessee
 shall be responsible for moving, at its own expense, data and voice
 cabling to the Subleased Premises from the fifth floor of the Master
 Premises. Sublessor will provide Sublessee Sublessor's Nitsuko telephone
 system and twenty (20) telephones, which Sublessee will have the right to
 install at its own expense. Sublessee will be entitled to use such
 telephone system for two (2) months from the date such system is installed
 without charge. Sublessee understands and acknowledges that the telephone
 system and telephones are being provided by Sublessor "AS IS" and without
 warranty of any kind. Sublessor will separate, at Sublessee's expense, the
 entry security system for the Subleased Premises so that Sublessee will
 have sole control over such system. Sublessor will provide to Sublessee
 six (6) months of

Internet access without charge, "AS IS" and subject to a peak aggregate
 bandwidth limit of 3 Megs.

5. WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF SUBLESSOR.

 Sublessor warrants and represents that, to the extent such matters are
 Sublessor's responsibility under the Master Lease, as of the Commencement
 Date, (i) the Subleased Premises will comply with all applicable laws,
 rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, underwriters' requirements,
 covenants, conditions and restrictions ("Laws"), (ii) the Subleased
 Premises will be in good and clean operating condition and repair, and
 (iii) the electrical, mechanical, HVAC, plumbing, sewer, elevator, doors,
 and other systems serving the Subleased Premises will be in good operating
 condition and repair. Sublessor shall, promptly after receipt of notice
 from Sublessee, remedy any non-compliance with such warranty at
 Sublessor's sole cost and expense.

 As an inducement to Sublessee to enter the Sublease, Sublessor represents
 and warrants that (i) the Master Lease is in full force and effect, and
 there exists under the Master Lease no default or event of default by
 either Lessor or Sublessor, nor has there occurred any event which, with
 the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, could constitute such
 a default or event of default; (ii) there are no pending or threatened
 actions, suits or proceedings before any court or administrative agency
 against Sublessor, Lessor or third parties which could, in the aggregate,
 adversely affect the Subleased Premises or any part thereof or the ability
 of Lessor or Sublessor to perform their respective obligations under the
 Master Lease or of Sublessor to perform its obligations under the
 Sublease, and Sublessor is not aware of any facts that might result in any
 such actions, suits or proceedings; (iii) there is no pending or
 threatened condemnation or similar proceeding affecting the Premises or
 any portion thereof, and Sublessor has no knowledge that any such action
 currently is contemplated.

 Sublessor shall (i) keep the Master Lease in effect; (ii) not modify,
 amend or waive any provisions thereof or make any election, exercise any
 option, right or remedy, or grant any consent or approval thereunder
 without, in each instance, Sublessee's prior written consent; (iii) pay
 the rent due and perform all of Sublessor's other obligations under the
 Master Lease, except to the extent that Sublessee is obligated to perform
 such other obligations under the Sublease; (iv) not take any action or
 omit to take any action that could cause or constitute a breach of the
 Master Lease or otherwise give rise to a right of Lessor to terminate the
 Master Lease or declare any provision thereof to have become ineffective;
 (v) enforce performance of all obligations of Lessor under the Master
 Lease; and (vi) deliver to Sublessee, promptly upon Sublessor's receipt or
 sending thereof, copies of any notices of breach or default by Sublessor,
 as tenant, under the Master Lease and of any notices sent to Lessor of
 Lessor's breach or default under the Master Lease. In enforcing
 performance of all such obligations of Lessor, Sublessor shall (a) upon
 Sublessee's written request, immediately notify Lessor of its
 nonperformance under the Master Lease and request that Lessor perform its
 obligations under the Master Lease, and (b) permit Sublessee to commence a
 lawsuit or other action in Sublessee's name (and assign to Sublessee any
 rights of Sublessor required in connection therewith), or commence a
 lawsuit or other action in Sublessor's name, to obtain the performance
 required from Lessor under the Master Lease, provided that Sublessee pays
 all costs and expenses incurred in connection with any such lawsuit or
 other action.

6. TERM.

 The term of this Sublease ("Sublease Term") shall be for approximately
 thirty-six (36) months. The Sublease Term shall commence on a date
 ("Commencement Date") which is the earlier of (a) the date that Sublessee
 has completed its network cabling and telephone installation work and the
 Subleased Premises are ready to be occupied; and five (5) days after the
 Master Lessor's consent referred to in Section 17 below has been received.
 In order to avoid uncertainty, the parties agree that regardless of the
 actual Commencement Date, the Sublease Term shall expire at 11:59 p.m. on
 June 14, 2004. If for any reason, notwithstanding Sublessor's commercially
 reasonable efforts, Sublessor cannot deliver possession of the Subleased
 Premises to Sublessee on the Commencement Date, the validity of this
 Sublease shall not be impaired. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
 Sublessor has not delivered possession to Sublessee within two (2) days
 after Master Lessor

 A-1

executes the Master Lessor's consent, then at any time thereafter and
 before delivery of possession of the Subleased Premises to Sublessee,
 Sublessee may give written notice to Sublessor of Sublessee's intention to
 terminate this Sublease in which case all consideration previously paid by
 Sublessee to Sublessor on account of this Sublease shall be returned to
 Sublessee, this Sublease shall thereafter be of no further force or
 effect, and Sublessor shall have no further liability to Sublessee on
 account of such delay or cancellation.

7. RENT.

 Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor as Basic Rent based on 15,000 rentable
 square feet. However, Sublessee shall have exclusive use of all 21,352
 rentable square feet of the Subleased Premises. Such Basic Rent payments
 shall be without deduction, setoff, notice or demand, at 10182 Telesis
 Court, Suite 600, San Diego, California, 92121, or at such other place as
 Sublessor shall designate from time to time by written notice to
 Sublessee, and shall consist of the following sums for the following
 periods on the first day of each month of the Term:

Month Monthly Rent
- ----- ------------
 
1-12 29,250.00
13-24 30,420.00
25-36 31,636.00

Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor upon execution of this Sublease 
 29,250.00 as Rent for the first full month of the Term. Sublessee shall
 deliver to Sublessor upon Lessor's consent to this Sublease 31,636.00 as
 a Cash Security Deposit, in accordance with Section 5 of the Master Lease,
 and Sublessee shall also post, upon Lessor's consent to this Sublease, an
 irrevocable Letter of Credit for the duration of the Sublease Term for the
 benefit of Sublessor, in the amount of 94,910.00, to be drawn upon only
 to cure, and only to the actual extent of an actual economic default of
 the Sublessee. Subject to the amount and time frame set forth above, the
 mechanics with respect to said Letter of Credit shall be in accordance
 with Sections 5.2(a) and (c) of the Master Lease. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, in the event of Sublessor's default under, or breach of, this
 Sublease or the Master Lease, Sublessor shall immediately return to
 Sublessee the original Letter of Credit, in the full amount thereof
 (except as reduced by any amount which Sublessor is entitled to draw down
 from the Letter of Credit pursuant to this Sublease), or at Sublessee's
 election, Sublessor shall transfer the Letter of Credit to Lessor and
 shall execute any documents reasonably required to effect such transfer;
 provided, however, that Sublessor shall not be obligated to so return or
 to so transfer the Letter of Credit if Sublessor's breach or default is
 the direct result of Sublessee's breach of, or default under, this
 Sublease. Sublessor hereby acknowledges that in the event Sublessee elects
 to remain in the Subleased Premises, or Lessor elects to have Sublessee
 attorn to Lessor, pursuant to Sections 1.1(c) and 3.2, respectively, of
 the Lessor's consent attached hereto as Exhibit D, to provide Lessor with
 the Letter of Credit promptly upon such election or attornment and
 therefore time is of the essence with respect to Sublessor's returning or
 transferring the Letter of Credit as set forth above. If the Term begins
 on a day other than the first day of a month or ends on a day other than
 the last day of the month, the Rent for the partial months shall be
 prorated on a per diem basis based on the actual number of days in the
 month in which the Sublease commences and ends. For purposes of this
 Sublease, "Base Year" shall mean calendar year 2001, and Sublessee's
 Tenant's Percentage shall be 17.4 . Sublessee's Tenant's Percentage is
 determined by dividing 21,352 of rentable square feet in Subleased
 Premises by 122,798, the rentable square feet of the Building and
 expressing the result as a percentage. Sublessee shall pay Sublessee's
 Tenant's Percentage of Direct Expenses in the same manner as set forth in,
 and pursuant to the terms of, Article 4 of the Master Lease. In no event
 shall Sublessee's obligation to pay Direct Expenses exceed Sublessee's
 Tenant's Percentage share of Direct Expenses due and payable by Sublessor
 under the Master Lease. Sublessee shall pay Sublessee's Tenant's
 Percentage of Direct Expenses as and when the same is due and payable to
 Lessor under the Master Lease and no earlier. Sublessee shall be entitled
 to its pro rata share of all credits, if any, given by Lessor to Sublessor
 for Sublessor's and/or

 A-1

Sublessee's overpayment of Direct Expenses. Sublessee shall be entitled
 to, and benefit from, any rental abatement granted Sublessor under the
 Master Lease for whatever reason to the extent that such abatement relates
 to the Subleased Premises and the Sublease term.

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Sublessee has more than
 seventy (70) employees, consultants, temps or other personnel in the
 Subleased Premises for any period of five (5) consecutive days, for each
 additional employee, consultant, temp or other personnel that occupies the
 Subleased Premises as his or her primary place of doing business above the
 seventy (70) headcount (i.e., any date when the headcount reaches 71, 72,
 73, etc.), Sublessee shall pay from and after such date Basic Rent on an
 additional 250 rentable square feet at the applicable and adjusted rate
 per square foot as set forth above until all the rentable square feet in
 the Subleased Premises is covered by the Basic Rent. Notwithstanding any
 subsequent reductions in headcount, there shall be no downward adjustments
 in Basic Rent. No less than monthly, Sublessee shall provide Sublessor
 reasonably detailed employment documentation sufficient to substantiate
 the actual headcount on a day-to-day basis.

8. MAINTENANCE.

 Sublessee shall have all maintenance obligations of the tenant under the
 Master Lease applicable to the Subleased Premises. Sublessor shall have no
 maintenance or repair obligations with respect to the Subleased Premises.

9. PERSONAL PROPERTY.

 During the Term of the Sublease, shall be allowed to use the modular
 furniture (consisting of 25 workstations) currently located in the
 Subleased Premises. Sublessee shall keep all such furniture in good
 condition and repair and return same to Sublessor at the end of the Term,
 subject to ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation. Any
 modifications to such modular furniture (e.g. converting a 6' x 6' work
 station to a 6' x 10' work station) shall be subject to the prior written
 approval of Sublessor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
 conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that in the event any such
 modifications are approved, such furniture shall be returned to Sublessor
 at the end of the Sublease Term with such approved modifications in tact.
 The parties agree that within five (5) days after the Commencement Date
 the parties will attach as an exhibit to this Agreement a schedule of such
 workstations with appropriate particular identifying information.

10. OTHER PROVISIONS OF SUBLEASE.

 All applicable terms and conditions of the Master Lease are incorporated
 into and made a part of this Sublease as if Sublessor were the lessor
 thereunder, Sublessee the lessee thereunder, and the Subleased Premises
 the Master Premises. Sublessee assumes and agrees to perform the lessee's
 obligations under the Master Lease during the Term to the extent that such
 obligations are applicable to the Subleased Premises, except that the
 obligation to pay rent to Lessor under the Master Lease shall be
 considered performed by Sublessee to the extent and in the amount rent is
 paid to Sublessor in accordance with Section 6 of this Sublease. The
 parties agree that the Waiver of Subrogation set forth in Section 22(i)
 shall apply as between Sublessor and Sublessee notwithstanding anything to
 the contrary in the Sublease or Master Lease. Sublessee shall not commit
 or suffer any act or omission that will violate any of the provisions of
 the Master Lease. Sublessor shall exercise due diligence in attempting to
 cause Lessor to perform its obligations under the Master Lease for the
 benefit of Sublessee. If the Master Lease terminates for any reason other
 than a default by Sublessor as Tenant under the Master Lease, this
 Sublease shall terminate and the parties shall be relieved of any further
 liability or obligation under this Sublease. If the Master Lease
 terminates for a default by Sublessor as Tenant under the Master Lease,
 this Sublease shall terminate and Sublessor shall not be relieved of any
 liability or obligation under this Sublease. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, if the Master Lease gives Sublessor any right to terminate the
 Master Lease in the event of the partial or total damage, destruction, or
 condemnation of the Master Premises or the building or project of which
 the Master Premises are a part, the exercise of such right by Sublessor
 shall not constitute a default or breach hereunder. If Lessor seeks to
 terminate the Master Lease because of a default or alleged default by
 Sublessor under the Master Lease, Sublessor shall use its reasonable good
 faith efforts to maintain the Master Lease in full

 A-1

force and effect for the benefit of Sublessee and Sublessor and to
 reinstate the Master Lease and/or to claim and pursue any right of
 redemption or relief from forfeiture of the Master Lease (and as a
 consequence thereof any forfeiture of the Sublease) to which Sublessor may
 be entitled at law or in equity.

11. NONAPPLICABLE MASTER LEASE PROVISIONS.

 Notwithstanding Section 10 above, (a) the following sections of the Master
 Lease shall not apply under this Sublease: In the Summary of Basis Lease
 Information: Section 1.2 (Tenant's Address); Section 1.5 (Premises);
 Section 1.6 (Term); Section 1.7 (Estimate of Commencement Date); Section
 1.8 (Monthly Basic Rent); Section 1.9 (Tenant's Percentage); Section 1.10
 (Base Year); Section 1.11 (Security Deposit); Section 1.13 (Tenant
 Improvements); Section 1.15 (Parking with respect to exclusive spaces
 only); in the Master Lease itself: Section 1.4 (Suite 400) Article 2
 (Term); Article 3.1 (with respect to the amount of Basic Rent);
 Section 4.4(g) (first sentence only); Section 5.1 (first and last sentence
 only); Section 5.2(a) (first sentence only); Section 5.2(b) (Letter of
 Credit amount); Section 6.3(a); Section 7 (only with respect to specified
 addresses); Section 8; Section 12.5; Section 12.6; Section 31 (second
 sentence only); Article 34 (Right of First Refusal); Article 35 (Temporary
 Space); Article 36 (Option Term); Exhibit B, Exhibit C (Work Letter
 Agreement) and Exhibit D; (b) references in the following provisions to
 "Landlord" shall mean Lessor only: in the Summary of Basic Lease
 Information: Section 1.1; in the Master Lease itself: Sections 1.2; 1.3;
 4.2; 4.4(c); 4.4(d); 4.4(e); 4.6; 4.7 (Tenant's Audit Rights); 6.2; 11.2;
 12.1(c) (second to last sentence only); 12.1(d); Article 18; Article 19;
 Article 25; Section 28.1; and Article 30; Exhibit E; and (c) references in
 the following provision to "Landlord" shall mean Lessor and Sublessor:
 6.4(b). Notwithstanding Section 14 of the Master Lease, a sale or transfer
 of Sublessee's capital stock shall not be deemed an assignment, subletting
 or any other transfer of the Sublease or the Subleased Premises.

12. SIGNAGE AND PARKING.

 Sublessee's only rights to signage hereunder shall be to suite
 identification signage and, to the extent agreed upon by Lessor, lobby
 directory signage. Sublessee shall have use of ninety-two (92) parking
 spaces per Section 1.16 of the Master Lease, subject to the other parking
 provisions of the Master Lease.

13. ATTORNEYS' FEES.

 If Sublessor or Sublessee shall commence legal action against the other
 arising out of or in connection with this Sublease, the prevailing party
 shall be entitled to recover its costs of suit and reasonable attorneys'
 fees.

14. AGENCY DISCLOSURE.

 Sublessor and Sublessee each warrant that they have dealt with no other
 real estate broker finders, agents or salesmen in connection with this
 transaction except David Marino of Irving Hughes, who represents
 WebSideStory and Brian Ffrench of Irving Hughes, who represents RF Magic.
 Each party agrees to hold the other party harmless from and against all
 claims for brokerage commissions, finder's fees or other compensation made
 by any other agent, broker, salesman or finder as a consequence of such
 party's actions or dealings with such agent, broker, salesman or finder.

15. COMMISSION.

 Upon execution of this Sublease, and consent thereto by Lessor, Sublessor
 shall pay Irving Hughes a real estate brokerage commission in the amount
 of four percent (4 of the value of the Sublease Basic Rent for the
 Sublease Term for services rendered in effecting this Sublease of the
 Subleased Premises. Such commission shall be paid by Sublessor fifty
 percent (50 upon mutual Sublease execution and consent thereto by Lessor
 and fifty percent (50 upon the Commencement Date.

16. NOTICES.

 All notices and demands, which may or are to be required or permitted to
 be given by either party on the other hereunder shall be in writing. All
 notices and demands by the Sublessor to Sublessee shall be hand delivered
 or sent by nationally recognized overnight courier to the Sublessee at the
 Subleased Premises, or to such other place as Sublessee

 A-1

may from time to time designate in a notice to the Sublessor. All notices
 and demands by the Sublessee to Sublessor shall be hand delivered or sent
 by nationally recognized overnight courier to the Sublessor at the address
 set forth above in Section 7, and to such other person or place as a the
 Sublessor may from time to time designate in a notice to the Sublessee.

 17. CONSENT BY LESSOR.

THIS SUBLEASE AND SUBLESSOR'S AND SUBLESSEE'S OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER ARE
CONDITIONED UPON THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF LESSOR AND THIS SUBLEASE SHALL BE OF NO
FORCE OR EFFECT UNLESS CONSENTED TO BY LESSOR, WHICH CONSENT SHALL CONTAIN THE
ITEMS SET FORTH BELOW, WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS AFTER EXECUTION HEREOF.

Sublessor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Master Lessor's
consent to this Sublease in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, which form
shall contain all of the following provisions unless waived by Sublessee in
writing:

(i) Notwithstanding Section 14 of the Master Lease, a sale of Sublessee's
 capital stock shall not be deemed an assignment, subletting or other
 transfer of the Sublease or the Subleased Premises.

(ii) Lessor hereby approves of the Initial Tenant Improvements set forth on the
 space plan attached to the Sublease as Exhibit C. In no event shall
 Sublessee be obligated to remove the lobby and nine offices as described
 on Exhibit C during or at expiration of the term of this Sublease.

(iii) If the Master Lease terminates prior to expiration of the term of the
 Sublease for any reason other than as a result of Lessor's right to
 terminate the Master Lease for casualty or condemnation as provided in the
 Master Lease, agrees not to disturb Sublessee's subtenancy for a period of
 six (6) months; provided, however, that during such six (6) month period
 Sublessee shall be obligated to pay monthly Rent at the monthly Rent rate
 payable by Sublessor under the Master Lease at the time of the termination
 of the Master Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessor may shorten the
 six (6) month period to thirty(30) days in the event (i) there have been
 prior complaints regarding Sublessee's use of hazardous materials in the
 Subleased Premises or (ii) Lessor has executed a lease with a new
 prospective tenant for all of the space that is subject of the Master
 Lease and Lessor requires possession of the Subleased Premises as a result
 thereof.

(iv) Lessor hereby approves of Sublessee's use of the Hazardous Materials set
 forth in Section 3, subject to all requirements and restrictions,
 including Sublessee's obtaining of additional insurance, of the Master
 Lease.

 In the event that the Lessor's consent to this Sublease does not contain
the above items, Sublessee may terminate this Sublease upon written notice to
Sublessor whereupon any monies previously paid by Sublessee to Sublessor shall
be reimbursed to Sublessee. Upon receipt of notice that Lessor has consented to
the Sublease, Sublessor shall promptly inform Sublessee that such consent has
been obtained so that Sublessee may make arrangements with respect to any work
that needs to be done to the Subleased Premises as part of Sublessee's
relocation thereto.

 A-1

In witness whereof the parties below enter into this Agreement as of the dates
first above written.

SUBLESSOR: WEBSIDESTORY, INC., SUBLESSEE: RF MAGIC,
 a Delaware corporation a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ John J. Hentrich By: /s/ Mark H. Foley
 -------------------------- ----------------------------
Name: John J. Hentrich Name: Mark H. Foley

Title: CEO Title: President & CEO

Date: Date:
 ------------------------ --------------------------

 [Signature Page to Sublease Agreement for 10182 Telesis Court Suite 400]

 A-1

EXHIBIT A

 Master Lease

 [To be attached]

 A-1

EXHIBIT B

 Floor Plan Showing Subleased Premises

 [To be attached]

 B-1

EXHIBIT C

 Floor Plan Showing Tenant Improvements

 B-1

EXHIBIT D

 Lessor's Consent to Sublease

 [To be attached]

 B-l

EXHIBIT E

 Permitted Hazardous Materials

CHEMICAL AMOUNT STORED ON PREMISES
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 HF hydra floric acid 2 gallons
KOH potassium hydroxide 2 gallons
 hydrogen peroxide 2 gallons
 ammonia hydroxide 2 gallons
 fuming nitric 2 gallons
 fuming sulpheric 2 gallons
 acetone 2 gallons
 isopropyl alcohol 2 gallons
 liquid nitrogen 100 gallons (2 containers)

STORAGE METHOD: Most chemicals will be stored in their original one-gallon
containers in a secure cabinet. The liquid nitrogen will be stored in original
containers on a tile floor until empty and then exchanged for full containers.

 B-l

EXHIBIT A

 Master Lease

 [To be attached]

 A-l

</EX-10.29A>

<EX-10.29B>
 18
 v37326exv10w29b.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.29B

EXHIBIT 10.29B

AMENDMENT TO SUBLEASE

This amendment to sublease (this "AMENDMENT") is entered into as of September
10, 2003 by and between WebSideStory, Inc. and RF Magic to amend certain
provisions of the sublease between them dated July 3, 2001. Terms defined in the
Sublease, including by reference to definitions in the Master Lease, have the
same meaning in this Amendment, unless the context requires another meaning.

Section 6 of the Sublease is amended to provide that the Sublease Term expires
at 11:59 p.m. on January 31, 2007.

Section 7 of the Sublease is amended to (a) provide that the monthly Basic Rent
from and including July 2004 to and including June 2005 will be 32,585.00 and
from and including July 2005 until the expiration of the Sublease Term will be
 33.563.00; and (b) delete the final paragraph of Section 7.

All terms and conditions of the Sublease that are not amended by this Amendment
remain unchanged. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which may be signed by less than all of the parties, and all of which
together constitute one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered by facsimile
transmission.

This Amendment requires and is conditioned on the written consent of the Lessor.

WEBSIDESTORY, INC.

By: /s/ Jeff Lunsford
 -------------------------------
 Jeff Lunsford, CEO

RF MAGIC, INC.

By: /s/ Mark H. Foley
 -------------------------------
 Mark H. Foley, CEO

</EX-10.29B>

<EX-10.29C>
 19
 v37326exv10w29c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.29C

exv10w29c 

EXHIBIT
10.29C

SECOND AMENDMENT OF SUBLEASE 

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT OF SUBLEASE Amendment is made as of this 14th day of June 2006, by
and between WEBSIDESTORY, INC Sublessor and RF MAGIC, INC. Sublessee ).

R E C I T A L S 

A. Sublessor and Sublessee entered into that certain Sublease dated July 3, 2001 Sublease for the lease of certain Subleased Premises in the City of San Diego, California, all as more
particularly set forth in the Sublease; as amended by that certain Amendment to Sublease dated
September 10, 2003 First Amendment ).

B. Sublessor and Sublessee desire to further amend the Sublease in order to extend the
Sublease Term and adjust the rent and security deposit, as more particularly set forth hereinbelow.

T E R M S 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants herein
contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Amendment. 

(a) Section 6 of the Sublease, as amended by the First Amendment, is hereby further amended to
provide that the Sublease Term expires at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2007.

(b) Section 7 of the Sublease, as amended by the First Amendment, is hereby further amended to
provide that the Monthly Basic Rent from and including February 1, 2007 until the expiration of the
Sublease Term will be 51,244.80.

(c) In addition to the Cash Security Deposit of 31,636.00 provided for in Section 7 of the
Sublease, Sublessee, upon the execution of this Amendment, shall deliver to Sublessor the sum of
 15,000 (the Additional Cash Security Deposit to be part of the Cash Security Deposit.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Sublease, Sublessee agrees that
at the expiration of the Sublease Term, Sublessee shall, upon the request of Sublessor and at
Sublessee s sole cost and expense, restore the portions of the Subleased Premises described below
(as well as any other modifications made by Sublessee prior to the expiration of the Sublease Term)
to their condition prior to the time Sublessee modified such portion of the Subleased Premises:

1

Project 
 
 Approximate Project Start Date 

Miscellaneous Tenant Improvements

July 2, 2004 

Compressor Room Ventilation

August 5, 2005 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sublessor and Sublessee acknowledge and agree that as set forth
in the Sublease, Sublessee shall have no obligation to remove the Office Work, the Lobby Work 
or the Lab Work (as each such term is defined in the Sublease) at the expiration of the Sublease
Term.

2. Effect. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Sublease, as previously
amended by the First Amendment, shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.

3. No Modification or Waiver . Except as otherwise set forth in this Amendment, nothing in
this Amendment shall be deemed to waive or modify any of the provisions of the Sublease.

4. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Amendment.

5. Successors . The provisions of this Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the
heirs, representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

6. Consent . This Amendment is conditioned upon the written consent of Lessor (as defined in
the Sublease). If Sublessor fails to obtain Lessor s consent within thirty (30) days after
execution of this Amendment by Sublessor, then this Amendment shall be deemed null and void and
Sublessor shall return to Sublessee the Additional Cash Security Deposit.

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment has been entered into by the parties as of the day and year
first above written.

RF MAGIC, INC. 
Sublessee 

By:

/s/ DAVID LYLE

Name: David Lyle 
Title: CFO 
Date: June 14, 2006

WEBSIDESTORY, INC. 
Sublessor 

By:

/s/ DRU GREENHALGH

Name: Dru Greenhalgh 
Title: VP and General Counsel 
Date: June 14, 2006

3

</EX-10.29C>

<EX-10.29D>
 20
 v37326exv10w29d.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.29D

exv10w29d 

Exhibit 10.29D 

THIRD AMENDMENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF SUBLEASE 

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF SUBLEASE (the Amendment is made as of this 8th day
of October 2007, by and between VISUAL SCIENCES, INC. (formerly known as WEBSIDESTORY, INC.) Sublessor ), RF MAGIC, INC. Sublessee and ENTROPIC COMMUNICATIONS, INC . Assignee ).

RECITALS 

A. Sublessor and Sublessee entered into that certain Sublease dated July 3, 2001 for the lease
of certain Subleased Premises in the City of San Diego, California, all as more particularly set
forth in the Sublease; as amended by that certain Amendment to Sublease dated September 10, 2003 First Amendment and as further amended by that certain Second Amendment of Sublease dated June
14, 2006 (as so amended, the Sublease ).

B. Sublessor and Sublessee desire to further amend the Sublease in order to extend the
Sublease Term, as more particularly set forth hereinbelow.

C. On June 30, 2007, Sublessee was acquired by Assignee and is now a wholly owned subsidiary
of Assignee.

D. Sublessee desires to assign the Sublease to Assignee, and Sublessor desires to accept such
assignment.

TERMS 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants herein
contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Amendment . Section 6 of the Sublease is hereby amended to provide that the Sublease Term
expires at 11:59 p.m. on February 29, 2008. The Monthly Basic Rent for the month of January 2008
will be 51,244.80 and the Monthly Basic Rent for the month of February 2008 will be 52,739.44.

2. Assignment. Sublessee hereby assigns all of Sublessee s right, title, interest and
obligations under the Sublease to Assignee, and Assignee hereby accepts the assignment and assumes
and agrees to perform and be bound by all of the terms, covenants, conditions and obligations
imposed upon Sublessee under the Sublease arising from and after the date of master Landlord s
consent to this Third Amendment and Assignment of Sublease. Sublessor hereby consents to the
foregoing assignment.

3. Effect . Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Sublease shall remain
unchanged and in full force and effect.

4. No Modification or Waiver . Except as otherwise set forth in this Amendment, nothing in
this Amendment shall be deemed to waive or modify any of the provisions of the Sublease.

1 

5. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Amendment.

6. Successors . The provisions of this Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the
heirs, representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

7. Notice to Lessor of Amendment . Sublessor shall provide Lessor (as defined in the Sublease)
with written notice of the Amendment promptly following the execution thereof by Sublessor and
Sublessee.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment has been entered into by the parties as of the day and year
first above written.

RF MAGIC, INC. 
Sublessee 

By: 
 /s/ Kurt Noyes

Name: 
 Kurt Noyes 

Title: 
 CFO 

ENTROPIC COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
Assignee 

By: 
 /s/ David Lyle

Name: 
 David Lyle 

Title: 
 CFO 

VISUAL SCIENCES, INC. (f/k/a WEBSIDESTORY, INC.) 
Sublessor 

By: 
 /s/ Dru Greenhalgh

Name: 
 Dru Greenhalgh 

Title: 
 General Counsel, Corporate Secretary 

2 

</EX-10.29D>

<EX-21.1>
 21
 v37326exv21w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

exv21w1 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF OMNITURE, INC. 

COMPANY NAME 
 
 JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION/ORGANIZATION 

Omniture A/S

Denmark 

Omniture HK Limited

Hong Kong 

Omniture KK

Japan 

OldCo1 UK Limited

United Kingdom 

Instadia Limited

United Kingdom 

Omniture GmbH

Germany 

Omniture Limited

United Kingdom 

Touch Clarity, Inc.

Delaware 

Offermatica Corporation

Delaware 

OTTO Digital, LLC

Delaware 

ICS Offermatica SRL

Moldova 

Four Point Partners GmBH

Germany 

Visual Sciences, Inc.

Delaware 

Visual Sciences Technologies, LLC

Delaware 

Visual Sciences Holding B.V.

Netherlands 

Visual Sciences UK Limited

United Kingdom 

Visual Sciences Callcenter and Services B.V.

Netherlands 

Visual Sciences SAS

France 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 22
 v37326exv23w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:

(1) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-145486) pertaining to the registration of
836,609 shares of common stock, 

(2) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-149022) pertaining to the 2006 Equity
Incentive Plan, the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, the
2008 Equity Incentive Plan, the Avivo Corporation 1999 Equity Incentive Plan, the Visual
Sciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, the Visual Sciences, Inc.
2004 Equity Incentive Award Plan, and the Visual Sciences, Inc. 2006 Employment
Commencement Equity Incentive Award Plan, 

(3) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-141352) pertaining to the 2006 Equity
Incentive Plan, the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the Touch Clarity Limited Enterprise
Management Incentives Share Option Plan 2002, and the Touch Clarity Limited 2006 U.S. Stock
Plan, and 

(4) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-135405) pertaining to the 1999 Equity
Incentive Plan, the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, and the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 

of our reports dated February 25, 2008, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Omniture, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Omniture,
Inc., included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2007.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Salt Lake City, Utah 
February 25, 2008

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 23
 v37326exv31w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Joshua G. James, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Omniture, Inc. (the Registrant 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
February 28, 2008

/S/ Joshua G. James 

Joshua G. James 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 24
 v37326exv31w2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael S. Herring, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Omniture, Inc. (the Registrant 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(c) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
February 28, 2008

/S/ Michael S. Herring 

Michael S. Herring 

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 25
 v37326exv32w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2003 

I, Joshua G. James, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Omniture, Inc. on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of
operations of Omniture, Inc.

By: 
 /S/ Joshua G. James 

Date: February 28, 2008 
 Name: 
 Joshua G. James 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2003 

I, Michael S. Herring, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Omniture, Inc. on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of
operations of Omniture, Inc.

By: 
 /S/ Michael S. Herring 

Date: February 28, 2008 
 Name: 
 Michael S. Herring 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of each of the written statements above required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Omniture, Inc. and will be retained by Omniture,
Inc. and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certifications are being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an
exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and they shall not
be considered filed as part of such report .

</EX-32.1>

