<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090415_10-K_edgar_data_89270_0001362310-09-005343.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>874261</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>271575</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>21269</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>408674</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001362310-09-005343.hdr.sgml : 20090415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090415140429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001362310-09-005343
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SL INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089270
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				210682685
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04987
		FILM NUMBER:		09750603

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 FELLOWSHIP ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE A114
		CITY:			MT LAUREL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8567271500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 FELLOWSHIP ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE A114
		CITY:			MT LAUREL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SGL INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19841008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GL INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GL ELECTRONICS CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PKit8iHAscYO7Gpp1qnThL0UBb640rkh+ZQbzdW/6VO5yUdXrGa0qcL21R3HKIsJ
 Px+w63Qr+klYT6Rk9mgqoA==

 0001362310-09-005343.txt : 20090415

10-K
 1
 c83084e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 
PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 1-4987 

SL INDUSTRIES, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New Jersey

21-0682685 

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

520 Fellowship Road, Suite A114, Mt. Laurel, NJ

08054 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 856-727-1500 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, .20 par value

NYSE Amex 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant based
on the closing price of the Common Stock on the last business day of the Registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, as reported by the NYSE Amex was approximately 39,123,000.

The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 2, 2009, was 5,946,894.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain information required by Part III of this report (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) is
incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A
with respect to the registrant s 2009 annual meeting of stockholders.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1 Business 

1 

Item 1A Risk Factors 

7 

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

12 

Item 2 Properties 

12 

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 

14 

Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of
Security Holders 

16 

Part II 

Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

16 

Performance Graph 

17 

Item 6 Selected Financial Data 

19 

Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

20 

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk 

37 

Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

37 

Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

37 

Item 9A Controls and Procedures 

38 

Item 9B Other Information 

39 

Part III 

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

39 

Item 11 Executive Compensation 

39 

Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters 

39 

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

40 

Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

40 

Part IV 

Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

40 

Signatures 

41 

Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule 

F1 

Exhibit 10.6 
 Exhibit 21 
 Exhibit 23 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 Exhibit 32 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

(a) General Development Of Business 

The Company, through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures and markets power electronics, motion
control, power protection and specialized communication equipment that is used in a variety of
medical, commercial and military aerospace, computer, datacom, industrial, telecom, transportation
and electric power utility equipment applications. Its products are generally incorporated into
larger systems to increase operating performance, safety, reliability and efficiency. The Company s
products are largely sold to Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ), the electric power utility
industry and, to a lesser extent, to commercial distributors.

On October 23, 2008, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility
(the 2008 Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association,
individually, as agent, issuer and a lender thereunder, and with two other financial institutions.
The 2008 Credit Facility amends and restates the Company s previous Revolving Credit Agreement,
dated August 3, 2005, as amended (the 2005 Credit Facility ).

The 2008 Credit Facility provides for maximum borrowings of up to 60,000,000 and includes a
standby and commercial letter of credit sub-limit of 10,000,000. The 2008 Credit Facility is
scheduled to expire on October 1, 2011. Borrowings under the 2008 Credit Facility bear interest,
at the Company s option, at either (i) the British Bankers Association LIBOR rate plus 1.75 to
3.25 , or (ii) a base rate, which is the higher of (A) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 or (B) Bank
of America, N.A. s publicly announced prime rate plus 0 to 1.0 . The margin rates are based on
certain leverage ratios. The Company is subject to compliance with certain financial covenants
including a maximum ratio of total funded indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), minimum levels of interest coverage and net worth and a
limitation on capital expenditures, as defined. Availability under
the 2008 Credit Facility is based upon the Company s trailing twelve
months EBITDA, as defined. At December 31, 2008, the Company had a total
availability under the 2008 Credit Facility of 31,000,000.

The Company s obligations under the 2008 Credit Facility are secured by the grant of security
interests in substantially all of its assets.

On October 31, 2006, the Company completed the acquisition of MTE Corporation MTE for
 15,671,000, net of cash acquired. The acquisition was financed under the Company s 2005 Credit
Facility. MTE designs and manufactures power quality electromagnetic products used to protect
equipment from power surges, bring harmonics into compliance and improve the efficiency of variable
speed motor drives. MTE s product lines include: three-phase AC reactors, DC link chokes and a
series of harmonic, RFI/EMI and motor protection filters. These products are typically used in
industrial plants and commercial buildings where non-linear loads and attendant harmonics produced
by these loads are present. MTE employs approximately 75 people at its facility in Menomonee Falls,
Wisconsin.

Page 1 

Table of Contents 

On December 19, 2005, the Company announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire
all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Ault Incorporated Ault for 2.90 per share in
cash. On January 26, 2006, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, completed a tender offer for
Ault. The total purchase price for the common stock of Ault was approximately 13,986,000, which
includes the shares already owned by the Company. The Company also paid approximately 2,079,000 to
acquire all of the outstanding shares of Ault s preferred stock and incurred approximately
 2,604,000 in additional costs directly related to the acquisition. Subsequent to the acquisition,
Ault was merged with the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Condor D.C. Power Supplies, Inc., and
the combined entity was renamed SL Power Electronics Corp. SLPE ). Ault was a leading
manufacturer of power conversion products and is a major supplier to OEMs of wireless and wire line
communications infrastructure, computer peripherals and handheld devices, medical, industrial, and
printing/scanning equipment. With respect to Ault s operations, an engineering and sales office in
Canton, Massachusetts and an engineering and sales office and a manufacturing facility in the
People s Republic of China have been absorbed into SLPE.

(b) Financial Information About Segments 

Financial information about the Company s business segments is incorporated herein by reference to
Note 15 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

(c) Narrative Description Of Business 

Segments 

The Company currently operates under four business segments: SLPE, the High Power Group, SL
Montevideo Technology, Inc. SL-MTI and RFL Electronics Inc. RFL ). On October 31, 2006, the
Company acquired MTE Corporation MTE ). In the period following the acquisition, the operations
of MTE and Teal Electronics Corp. Teal were consolidated. In accordance with the guidance
provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standard SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information, this segment is presented as the High Power
Group. Management refers to SLPE and the High Power Group as the Power Electronics Group.

SLPE SL Power Electronics Corp. produces a wide range of custom and standard internal and
external AC/DC and DC/DC power supply products to be used in customers end products. The Company s
power supplies closely regulate and monitor power outputs, resulting in stable and highly reliable
power. SLPE, which sells products under three brand names (SL Power Electronics, Condor and Ault),
is a major supplier to the OEMs of medical, wireless and wire line communications infrastructure,
computer peripherals, handheld devices and industrial equipment. For the years ended December 31,
2008, December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, net sales of SLPE, as a percentage of consolidated
net sales from continuing operations, were 39 , 45 and 50 , respectively.

HIGH POWER GROUP The High Power Group sells products under two brand names: Teal and MTE.
Teal designs and manufactures custom power conditioning and distribution units, which are developed
and manufactured for custom electrical subsystems for OEMs of semiconductor, medical imaging,
military and telecommunication systems. MTE designs and manufactures power quality electromagnetic
products used to protect equipment from power surges, bring harmonics into compliance and improve
the efficiency of variable speed motor drives. MTE s product lines include:
three-phase AC reactors, DC link chokes and a series of harmonic, RFI/EMI and motor protection
filters. These products are typically used in industrial plants and commercial buildings. MTE s
net sales are included in the High Power Group from the date of acquisition, October 31, 2006. For
the years ended December 31, 2008, December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, net sales of the High
Power Group, as a percentage of consolidated net sales from continuing operations, were 33 , 29 
and 22 , respectively.

Page 2 

Table of Contents 

SL-MTI SL-MTI designs and manufactures high power density precision motors. New motor and
motion controls are used in numerous applications, including military and commercial aerospace,
medical and industrial products. For the years ended December 31, 2008, December 31, 2007 and
December 31, 2006, net sales of SL-MTI, as a percentage of consolidated net sales from continuing
operations, were 15 , 14 and 15 , respectively.

RFL RFL designs and manufactures communication and power protection products/systems that
are used to protect electric utility transmission lines and apparatus by isolating faulty
transmission lines from a transmission grid. These products are sophisticated communication systems
that allow electric utilities to manage their high-voltage power lines more efficiently. RFL
provides customer service and maintenance for all of its products. For the years ended December 31,
2008, December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, net sales of RFL, as a percentage of consolidated
net sales from continuing operations, were 13 , 12 and 13 , respectively.

Discontinued Operations 

SURFTECH SL Surface Technologies, Inc. SurfTech produced industrial coatings and
platings for equipment in the corrugated paper and telecommunications industries. On November 24,
2003, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of SurfTech. As a result, SurfTech is
reported as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. A significant portion of the
Company s environmental costs, which have been incurred and are expected to be incurred, are
related to the former SurfTech operations.

EME Elektro-Metall Export GmbH EME manufactured electromechanical actuation systems,
power drive units and complex wire harness systems for use in the aerospace and automobile
industries. EME was based in Ingolstadt, Germany with low cost manufacturing operations in Paks,
Hungary. On January 6, 2003, the Company sold all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of EME. As a result, EME is reported as a discontinued operation for all periods presented.
The Company is currently involved in tax litigation with the German tax authorities. A liability
had been established related to the probable outcome of this litigation.

Raw Materials 

Raw material components are supplied by various domestic and international vendors. In general,
availability of materials is not a problem for the Company. For additional information regarding
raw materials components, see Item 1A. Risk Factors included in Part I of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. In 2008, the Company continued to experience sharp increases in the cost of certain
strategic raw materials. In particular, steel increased by approximately 50 in fiscal 2008,
compared to fiscal 2007. Also the price of copper experienced significant swings in price from
relatively high levels for the first three quarters in 2008, compared to 2007, to a significant
reduction in price during the fourth quarter of 2008. During 2008, there were no major disruptions in the supply of raw materials.

Page 3 

Table of Contents 

Raw materials are purchased directly from the manufacturer whenever possible to avoid distributor
mark-ups. Average lead times generally run from immediate availability to 26 weeks. Lead times can
be substantially higher for strategic components subject to industry shortages. In most cases,
viable multiple sources are maintained for flexibility and competitive leverage.

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises And Concessions 

The Company has proprietary information that it has developed and uses in its business. This
proprietary information is protected by contractual agreements as well as through patents and
patents pending, to the extent appropriate. The patents are protected by federal law. To protect
its proprietary information, the Company also enters into non-disclosure agreements with its
employees, vendors and customers. Where appropriate, the Company will take and has taken all steps
necessary to defend its intellectual property.

Seasonality 

Generally, seasonality is not a significant factor in any of the Company s segments.

Significant Customers 

The Company has no customer that accounts for 10 or more of its consolidated net sales from
continuing operations. Each of SLPE, the High Power Group, SL-MTI and RFL has certain major
customers, the loss of any of which could have a material adverse effect on such segment.

Backlog 

At March 1, 2009, March 2, 2008 and March 4, 2007, backlog was 54,443,000, 63,055,000 and
 58,801,000, respectively. The backlog at March 1, 2009 decreased by 8,612,000, or 14 , compared
to March 2, 2008. Each of SLPE, the High Power Group, SL-MTI and RFL recorded a decrease in backlog
at March 1, 2009, compared to March 2, 2008.

Competitive Conditions 

The Company s businesses are in active competition with domestic and foreign companies with
national and international name recognition that offer similar products or services and with
companies producing alternative products appropriate for the same uses. In addition, SLPE has
experienced significant offshore competition for certain products in certain markets. Each of the
Company s businesses seeks to gain an advantage from its competition by concentrating on customized
products based on customer needs. The Company s businesses also seek a competitive advantage based
on quality, service, innovation, delivery and price.

Environmental 

The Company (together with the industries in which it operates or has operated) is subject to the
environmental laws and regulations of the United States, People s Republic of China China ),
Republic of Mexico Mexico and United Kingdom concerning emissions to the air, discharges to
surface and subsurface waters and generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and
disposal of waste materials. The Company and the industries are also subject to other federal,
state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those that require the Company to
remediate or mitigate the effects of the disposal or release of certain chemical substances at
various sites, including some where it has ceased operations. It is impossible to predict precisely what effect these laws and
regulations will have on the Company in the future.

Page 4 

Table of Contents 

It is the Company s policy to comply with all environmental, health and safety regulations, as well
as industry standards for maintenance. The Company s domestic competitors are subject to the same
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and the Company believes that the compliance
issues and potential expenditures of its operating subsidiaries are comparable to those faced by
its major domestic competitors.

Loss contingencies include potential obligations to investigate and eliminate or mitigate the
effects on the environment of the disposal or release of certain chemical substances at various
sites, such as Superfund sites and other facilities, whether or not they are currently in
operation. The Company is currently participating in environmental assessments and cleanups at a
number of sites under these laws and may in the future be involved in additional environmental
assessments and cleanups. Based upon investigations completed to date by the Company and its
independent engineering-consulting firms, management has provided an estimated accrual for all
known costs believed to be probable in the amount of 6,926,000, of which 5,869,000 is included as
other long-term liabilities as of December 31, 2008. However, it is the nature of environmental
contingencies that other circumstances might arise, the costs of which are indeterminable at this
time due to such factors as changing government regulations and stricter standards, the unknown
magnitude of defense and cleanup costs, the unknown timing and extent of the remedial actions that
may be required, the determination of the Company s liability in proportion to other responsible
parties, and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from other parties or from
insurance. These contingencies could result in additional expenses or offsets thereto. At the
present time, such expenses are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or results of operations, beyond the amount already reserved. Most
of the Company s environmental costs relate to discontinued operations and such costs have been
recorded in discontinued operations.

There are two sites on which the Company may incur material environmental costs in the future as a
result of past activities of its former subsidiary, SurfTech. These sites include the Company s
properties located in Pennsauken, New Jersey (the Pennsauken Site ), and in Camden, New Jersey
(the Camden Site ). The Company s environmental contingencies with respect to the Pennsauken Site
are fully discussed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

With respect to the Camden Site, the Company has reported soil contamination and a groundwater
contamination plume emanating from the site. The Company has been conducting tests and taking other
actions to identify and quantify the contamination and to confirm areas of concern. On September
30, 2008, the Company submitted an Interim Response Action IRA Workplan to the New Jersey
Department of Environmental Protection (the NJDEP that includes building demolition and removal,
excavation of underlying contaminated soil, undertaking treatability studies and installing new
monitoring wells. The IRA Workplan, with amendments, was approved by the NJDEP on October 9, 2008.
The Company reserved 1,500,000 in the third quarter and 750,000 in the fourth quarter to meet the
anticipated expenses of implementing the IRA Workplan and field pilot studies and conducting
routine groundwater monitoring. At December 31, 2008, the Company accrued 2,387,000 to remediate
the Camden Site.

Page 5 

Table of Contents 

The Company has also reported soil and ground water contamination at the facility located on
SL-MTI s property in Montevideo, Minnesota. SL-MTI has conducted analysis of the contamination and
is performing remediation at the site pursuant to a remedial action workplan approved by the
Minnesota Pollution Control Agency. SL-MTI has incurred costs of approximately 156,000 during
fiscal 2008. Implementation of remediation technologies is on track and is expected to be fully
implemented by the first half of fiscal 2009. Based on the current information, the Company
believes it will incur remediation costs at this site of approximately 139,000, which has been
accrued at December 31, 2008. The accrual for this site was 284,000 at December 31, 2007.

Employees 

As of December 31, 2008, the Company had approximately 1,600 employees. Of these employees, 156
were subject to collective bargaining agreements.

Foreign Operations 

In addition to manufacturing operations in California, Minnesota, New Jersey and Wisconsin, the
Company manufactures substantial quantities of products in premises leased in Mexicali, Mexico,
Matamoros, Mexico and Tecate, Mexico. The Company has also outsourced the manufacture of some of
its products with contract manufacturers located in Mexico and China. The Company also manufactures
products in owned facilities located in Xianghe, China. These external and foreign sources of
supply present risks of interruption for reasons beyond the Company s control, including political
or economic instability and other uncertainties.

Generally, the Company s sales are priced in United States dollars and its costs and expenses are
priced in United States dollars, Mexican pesos and Chinese yuan. Accordingly, the competitiveness
of the Company s products relative to locally produced products may be affected by the performance
of the United States dollar compared with that of its foreign customers and competitors 
currencies. Foreign net sales comprised 17 , 16 and 17 of net sales from continuing operations
for the years ended December 31, 2008, December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively.

Additionally, the Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might
result from adverse fluctuations in the value of the Mexican peso and Chinese yuan. At December 31,
2008, the Company had net assets of 2,007,000 subject to fluctuations in the value of the Mexican
peso and Chinese yuan. At December 31, 2007, the Company had net assets of 856,000 subject to
fluctuations in the value of the Mexican peso and Chinese yuan. Fluctuations in the value of the
foreign currencies did have a greater effect on the Company s operations in 2008, compared to 2007,
as the Chinese yuan strengthened against the United States dollar by approximately 7 . There can be
no assurance that the value of the Mexican peso and Chinese yuan will remain stable relative to the
United States dollar.

SLPE manufactures most of its products in Mexico and China and incurs its labor costs and supplies
in Mexican pesos and Chinese yuan. Teal has transferred a significant amount of its manufacturing
to a wholly-owned subsidiary located in Tecate, Mexico. SL-MTI manufactures a significant portion
of its products in Mexico and incurs related labor costs and supplies in Mexican pesos. MTE also
has most of its products manufactured in Mexico. SLPE, the High Power Group and SL-MTI price and
invoice substantially all of their sales in United States dollars. The Chinese and Mexican
subsidiaries of SLPE maintain their books and records in Chinese yuan and Mexican pesos, respectively. The Mexican
subsidiaries of SL-MTI and Teal maintain their books and records in Mexican pesos. For additional
information related to financial information about foreign operations, see Notes 15 and 16 in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Page 6 

Table of Contents 

Additional Information 

Additional information regarding the development of the Company s businesses during 2008 and 2007
is contained in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations included in Part II and Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The Current Disruption In The Credit Markets, And Its Effects On The Global And Domestic Economies,
Could Adversely Affect The Company s Business. 

Recent substantial volatility in the global capital markets and widely-documented commercial credit
market disruptions have had a significant negative impact on financial markets, as well as the
global and domestic economies. The effects of these disruptions are widespread and difficult to
quantify, and it is impossible to predict when the global financial markets will improve or when
the credit contraction will significantly ease. These conditions and the accompanying uncertainty
about current global economic conditions have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse
effect on demand for the Company s customers products and, in turn, on demand for the Company s
products, resulting in a reduction in sales and margins. The Company may also experience a
slowdown as some customers experience difficulty in obtaining adequate financing due to the
continuing disruption in the credit markets. Furthermore, the financial stability of the Company s
customers or suppliers may be compromised, which could result in additional bad debts or
non-performance by suppliers. The Company s assets may also be impaired or subject to write-down
or write-off as a result of the continuing instability in financial markets. These adverse effects
would likely be exacerbated if current global economic conditions persist or worsen, resulting in
wide-ranging, adverse and prolonged effects on general business conditions, and materially and
adversely affect the Company s operations, financial results and liquidity.

The Company Is Subject To Inherent Risks Attributed To Operating In A Global Economy. 

The Company is subject to inherent risks attributed to operating in a global economy. Its
international sales and operations in foreign countries, principally China and Mexico, render the
Company subject to risks associated with fluctuating currency values and exchange rates. Because
sales of the Company s products have been denominated to date primarily in United States dollars,
increases in the value of the United States dollar could increase the price of its products so that
they become relatively more expensive in the local currency of a particular country, leading to a
reduction in sales and profitability in that country. As a result of its foreign operations, the
Company records revenues, costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies.
Therefore, decreases in the value of the United States dollar could result in significant increases
in the Company s manufacturing costs that could have a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition and results of operations. At present, the Company does not purchase financial
instruments to hedge foreign exchange risk, but may do so as circumstances warrant.

Page 7 

Table of Contents 

The Company May Be Adversely Impacted By Fluctuations In Cash Flows, Liquidity And Debt Levels. 

Working capital requirements and cash flows historically have been, and are expected to continue to
be, subject to quarterly and yearly fluctuations, depending on such factors as levels of sales,
timing and size of capital expenditures, timing of deliveries and collection of receivables,
inventory levels, customer payment terms, customer financing obligations and supplier terms and
conditions. The inability to manage adverse cash flow fluctuations resulting from such factors
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition. In order to finance the working capital requirements of the Company s business, the
Company entered into the 2008 Credit Facility. At December 31, 2008, the Company had no outstanding
borrowings under the 2008 Credit Facility. In addition, at December 31, 2008, the Company
maintained a cash balance of 504,000. At December 31, 2007, the Company had outstanding borrowings
under its 2005 Credit Facility of 6,000,000 with a cash balance of 733,000. Total capacity under
the 2008 Credit Facility is 60,000,000, less 670,000 related to an outstanding letter of credit.

The Company s Operating Results May Fluctuate And There May Be Volatility In General Industry,
Economic And Market Conditions. 

The results of operations for any quarter or year are not necessarily indicative of results to be
expected in future periods. Future operating results may be affected by various trends and factors
that must be managed in order to achieve favorable operating results. The inability to accurately
forecast and manage these trends and factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, results of operations and financial condition.

General economic conditions and specifically market conditions in the medical, telecommunications,
semiconductor and electric power utility equipment industries in the United States and globally,
affect the Company s business. In addition, reduced capital spending and/or negative economic
conditions in the United States, Europe, Asia, Latin America and/or other areas of the world could
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Gross margins may be adversely affected by increased price competition, excess capacity, higher
material or labor costs, warranty costs, obsolescence charges, loss of cost savings on future
inventory purchases as a result of high inventory levels, introductions of new products, increased
levels of customer services, changes in distribution channels and changes in product and geographic
mix. Lower than expected gross margins could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Company s Operating Results And Stock Price May Be Adversely Affected By Fluctuations In
Customers Businesses. 

Business is dependent upon product sales to telecommunications, semiconductor, medical imaging,
commercial and military aerospace and other businesses, which in turn are dependent for their
business upon orders from their customers. Any downturn in the business of any of these parties
affects the Company. Moreover, sales often reflect orders shipped in the same quarter that they are
received, which makes sales vulnerable to short-term fluctuations in customer demand and difficult
to predict. In general, customer orders may be cancelled, modified or rescheduled after receipt.
Consequently, the timing of
these orders and any subsequent cancellation, modification or rescheduling of these orders has
affected, and will in the future affect, results of operations from quarter to quarter. Also, as
some of the Company s customers typically order in large quantities, any subsequent cancellation,
modification or rescheduling of an individual large order may affect results of operations.

Page 8 

Table of Contents 

Failure To Remain Competitive Could Adversely Impact The Company s Operating Results. 

The markets in which the Company sells its products are highly competitive and characterized by
rapidly changing and converging technologies. The Company faces intense competition from
established competitors and the threat of future competition from new and emerging companies in all
aspects of business. The Company s future success will depend on its ability to enhance current
products and to develop new products that keep pace with technological developments and respond to
changes in customer requirements. Among its current competitors are its customers, who are
vertically integrated and either manufacture and/or are capable of manufacturing some or all of the
Company s products sold to them. In addition to current competitors, new competitors providing
niche, and potentially broad, product solutions will likely increase in the future. To remain
competitive in both the current and future business climates, the Company must maintain a
substantial commitment to focused research and development, improve the efficiency of its
manufacturing operations and streamline its marketing and sales efforts and attendant customer
service and support. Among other things, the Company may not be able to anticipate shifts in its
markets or technologies, may not have sufficient resources to continue to make the investments
necessary to remain competitive or may not make the technological advances necessary to remain
competitive. In addition, notwithstanding its efforts, technological changes, manufacturing
efficiencies or development efforts by competitors may render the Company s products or
technologies obsolete or uncompetitive.

Consolidation In The Industries Could Increase Competitive Pressures On The Company. 

The industries in which the Company operates are consolidating and will continue to consolidate in
the future as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions. Such
consolidations may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source
vendors for customers. The Company s relatively small size may increase competitive pressure for
customers seeking single vendor solutions. Such increased competition would increase the
variability of the Company s operating results and could otherwise have a material adverse effect
on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Company Is Dependent Upon Third Parties For Parts And Components. 

The ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on the ability of the Company to obtain
timely and adequate delivery of parts and components from suppliers and internal manufacturing
capacity. The Company has experienced significant shortages in the past, and although it works
closely with its suppliers to avoid shortages, there can be no assurance that it will not encounter
further shortages in the future. A further reduction or interruption in component supplies or a
significant increase in the price of one or more components could have a material adverse effect on
the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Company May Be Subject To Significant Costs In Complying With Environmental Laws. 

The Company s facilities are subject to a broad array of environmental laws and regulations. The
costs of complying with complex environmental laws and regulations may be significant in the
future. Present accruals for such costs and liabilities may not be adequate in the future, as the estimates on
which the accruals are based depend on a number of factors, including the nature of the problem,
the complexity of the site, the nature of the remedy, the outcome of discussions with regulatory
agencies and the number and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties PRPs at multiparty sites.

Page 9 

Table of Contents 

Further, the Company is the subject of various lawsuits and actions relating to environmental
issues, including being named by the United States Environmental Protection Agency as a PRP in a
Superfund Site in Pennsauken, New Jersey (as discussed herein). There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully defend itself against, or settle at a reasonable cost, these
or any other actions to which it is a party. For additional information related to environmental
risks, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings, included in Part I and Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Company May Have To Pay Significant Costs For Regulatory Compliance And Litigation. 

Rapid or unforeseen escalation of the cost of regulatory compliance and/or litigation, including
but not limited to, environmental compliance, product-related liability, assertions related to
intellectual property rights and licenses, adoption of new accounting policies, or changes in
current accounting policies and practices and the application of such policies and practices could
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. Additionally, the Company is subject to
certain legal actions involving complaints by terminated employees and disputes with customers and
suppliers. There can be no assurance of the outcome in any litigation. An adverse determination in
any one or more significant legal actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, results of operations and financial condition. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings, included
in Part I and Note 13 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Company Is Dependent Upon Key Personnel For The Management Of Its Operations. 

The Company s success depends in part upon the continued services of many of its highly skilled
personnel involved in management, engineering and sales, and upon its ability to attract and retain
additional highly qualified officers and employees. The loss of service of any of these key
personnel could have a material adverse effect on business. In addition, future success will depend
on the ability of officers and key employees to manage operations successfully.

The Company s Operating Results And Common Stock Are Subject To Price Fluctuations. 

Operating results for future periods are never perfectly predictable even in the most certain of
economic times, and the Company expects to continue to experience fluctuations in its quarterly
results. These fluctuations, which in the future may be significant, could cause substantial
variability in the market price of the Company s stock. The market price for the Company s common
stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile. The market for the Company s
common stock is subject to fluctuations as a result of a variety of factors, including factors
beyond its control. These include:

additions or departures of key personnel;

changes in market valuations of similar companies;

announcements of new products or services by competitors or new competing technologies;

conditions or trends in medical equipment, medical imaging, military and commercial
aerospace and electric utility industries;

general market and economic conditions; and

other events or factors that are unforeseen.

Page 10 

Table of Contents 

Other Factors May Affect Future Results. 

The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known, or that may now be deemed immaterial, may also impair
business operations.

(d) Forward-Looking Statements 

From time to time, information provided by the Company, including written or oral statements made
by representatives, may contain forward-looking information as defined in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contain
forward-looking information, particularly statements which address activities, events or
developments that the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, such as
expansion and growth of the Company s business, future capital expenditures and the Company s
prospects and strategy. In reviewing such information, it should be kept in mind that actual
results may differ materially from those projected or suggested in such forward-looking
information. This forward-looking information is based on various factors and was derived utilizing
numerous assumptions. Many of these factors previously have been identified in filings or
statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those set forth in the forward-looking information include changes in the general
economy, changes in capital investment and/or consumer spending, competitive factors and other
factors affecting the Company s business in or beyond the Company s control. These factors include
a change in the rate of inflation, a change in state or federal legislation or regulations, an
adverse determination with respect to a claim in litigation or other claims (including
environmental matters), the ability to recruit and develop employees, the ability to successfully
implement new technology and the stability of product costs. These factors also include the timing
and degree of any business recovery in certain of the Company s markets that are currently
experiencing a cyclical economic downturn.

Other factors and assumptions not identified above could also cause actual results to differ
materially from those set forth in the forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake
to update forward-looking information contained herein or elsewhere to reflect actual results,
changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting such forward-looking information.

Future factors include the effectiveness of cost reduction actions undertaken by the Company; the
timing and degree of any business recovery in certain of the Company s markets that are currently
experiencing economic uncertainty; increasing prices, products and services offered by U.S. and
non-U.S. competitors, including new entrants; rapid technological developments and changes and the
Company s ability to continue to introduce and develop competitive new products and services on a
timely, cost-effective basis; availability of manufacturing capacity, components and materials;
credit concerns and the potential for deterioration of the credit quality of customers; customer
demand for the Company s products and services; U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and public policy
changes that may affect the level of new investments and purchases made by customers; changes in
environmental and other U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations; protection and validity of patent and other intellectual
property rights; compliance with the covenants and restrictions of bank credit facilities; and
outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings. These are representative of
the future factors that could affect the outcome of the forward-looking statements. In addition,
such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates,
general U.S. and non-U.S. economic conditions, including economic instability in the event of a
future terrorist attack or sharp increases in the cost of energy and interest rate and currency
exchange rate fluctuations and other future factors.

Page 11 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Set forth below are the properties where the Company conducted business as of December 31, 2008.

Approx. 

Square 
 
 Owned or Leased And 

Location 
 
 General Character 
 
 Footage 
 
 Expiration Date 

Ventura, CA

Administration, design and sales of power supply
products (SLPE)

31,200 

Leased 4/30/2011 

Mexicali, Mexico

Manufacture and distribution of power supply
products (SLPE)

62,500 

Leased Monthly 

Mexicali, Mexico

Manufacture and distribution of power supply
products (SLPE)

14,500 

Leased 5/1/2009 

South Molton,
United Kingdom

Sales and distribution of power supply products
(SLPE)

2,500 

Leased 6/30/2010 

Beijing, China

Design of power supply products (SLPE)

1,500 

Leased 12/31/2009 

Beijing, China

Employee dormitory (SLPE)

800 

Leased 10/12/2009 

Canton, MA

Design of power supply products (SLPE)

4,800 

Leased 8/31/2013 

Shanghai, China

Design of power supply products (SLPE)

8,800 

Leased 7/31/2010 

Page 12 

Table of Contents 

Approx. 

Square 
 
 Owned or Leased And 

Location 
 
 General Character 
 
 Footage 
 
 Expiration Date 

Shanghai, China

Design of power supply products (SLPE)

600 

Leased 6/30/2009 

Shanghai, China

Employee dormitory (SLPE)

1,400 

Leased 7/31/2010 

Xianghe, China

Manufacture and distribution of power supply
products and employee dormitory (SLPE)

60,600 

Owned 

Xianghe, China

Employee dormitory (SLPE)

18,800 

Leased 12/31/2009 

Xianghe, China

Employee dormitory (SLPE)

2,900 

Leased 12/1/2009 

San Diego, CA

Administration, sales, design and manufacture of
power distribution and conditioning units (High
Power Group)

35,500 

Leased 12/31/2012 

Tecate, Mexico

Manufacture of power distribution and conditioning
units (High Power Group)

20,800 

Leased 4/30/2009 

Menomonee Falls, WI

Design, sales, manufacture and distribution of
power quality electromagnetic products (High Power
Group)

25,000 

Leased 7/31/2010 

Juarez, Mexico

Manufacture of power distribution and conditioning
units (High Power Group)

12,900 

Leased Monthly 

Montevideo, MN

Administration, design, sales and manufacture of
precision motors and motion control systems
 (SL-MTI) 

30,000 

Owned 

Matamoros, Mexico

Manufacture of precision motors (SL-MTI)

28,500 

Leased 12/31/2009 

Boonton Twp., NJ

Administration, design, sales and manufacture of
electric utility equipment protection systems
(RFL)

78,000 

Owned 

Camden, NJ

Industrial surface finishing (Other) (1) 

15,800 

Owned 

Pennsauken, NJ

Document warehouse (Other) (2) 

6,000 

Owned 

Mt. Laurel, NJ

Corporate office (Other)

4,200 

Leased 11/30/2010 

(1) 
 
 Ownership retained by the Company after the sale of SurfTech on November 24, 2003.

(2) 
 
 Formerly used for industrial surface finishing operations.

Page 13 

Table of Contents 

All manufacturing facilities are adequate for current production requirements. The Company believes
that its facilities are sufficient for future operations, maintained in good operating condition
and adequately insured. Of the owned properties, none are subject to a major encumbrance material
to the operations of the Company.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is subject to loss contingencies pursuant to
foreign and federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations and is also party to certain
legal actions, frequently involving complaints by terminated employees and disputes with customers
and suppliers. In the opinion of management, such claims are not expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company.

On June 12, 2002, the Company and SurfTech were served with a class action complaint by twelve
individual plaintiffs (the Complaint filed in Superior Court of New Jersey for Camden County
(the Private Action ). The Company and SurfTech are currently two of approximately 28 defendants
named in the Private Action. The Complaint alleges, among other things, that the plaintiffs are
subject to an increased risk of disease as a result of consuming water distributed from the Puchack
Wellfield located in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey (which was one of several water sources that
supplied Camden, New Jersey). Medical monitoring of the plaintiff class was sought in the
litigation.

The Private Action arises from similar factual circumstances as current environmental
administrative actions involving the Pennsauken Landfill and Puchack Wellfield, with respect to
which the Company has been alleged to be a PRP. These actions and the Private Action both allege
that SurfTech and other defendants contaminated ground water through the disposal of hazardous
substances at facilities in the area. SurfTech once operated a chrome-plating facility at the
Pennsauken Site. The administrative actions are discussed below.

With respect to the Private Action, the Superior Court denied class certification in June 2006. In
2007, the Superior Court dismissed the claims of all plaintiffs on statute of limitations grounds.
The plaintiffs have appealed the Court s decision.

The Company is the subject of other lawsuits and administrative actions which arise from its
ownership of the Pennsauken Site. These actions relate to environmental issues concerning the
Pennsauken Landfill and the Puchack Wellfield. In 1991 and 1992, the New Jersey Department of
Environmental Protection (the NJDEP served directives that would subject the Company to, among
other things, collective reimbursements (with other parties) for the remediation of the Puchack
Wellfield. The litigation involving the Pennsauken Landfill involves claims under the Spill
Compensation and Control Act (the Spill Act ), other statutes and common law against the Company
and numerous other defendants
alleging that they are liable for contamination at and around a municipal solid waste landfill
located in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey. In the first quarter 2009, the Company agreed to terms
with the plaintiffs for the settlement of all pending claims in this case. Accordingly, the case
was dismissed with prejudice in February 2009.

Page 14 

Table of Contents 

In 2006, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA named the Company as a PRP
in connection with the remediation of the Puchack Wellfield, which it designated a Superfund Site.
The Company believes the recent action by the EPA should supersede the NJDEP directives.

With respect to the EPA matter, the EPA notified the Company that it was a PRP, jointly and
severally liable, for the investigation and remediation of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended CERCLA ). Thereafter, in September 2006, the EPA issued a Record of Decision for the national
priority listed Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site and selected a remedy to address the first phase
of groundwater contamination that the EPA contemplates being conducted in two phases (known as
operable units). The estimated cost of the EPA selected remedy for the first groundwater operable
unit, to be conducted over a five to ten year timeframe, is approximately 17,600,000 (excludes
past costs of 11,500,000 mentioned below). Prior to the issuance of the EPA s Record of Decision,
the Company had retained an experienced environmental consulting firm to prepare technical comments
on the EPA s proposed remediation of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site. In those comments, the
Company s consultant, among other things, identified flaws in the EPA s conclusions and the factual
predicates for certain of the EPA s decisions and for the proposed selected remedy.

Following the issuance of its Record of Decision, in November 2006, the EPA sent another letter to
the Company encouraging the Company to either perform or finance the remedial actions for operable
unit one identified in the EPA s Record of Decision. In February 2007, the EPA sent another letter
to the Company demanding reimbursement for past costs of approximately 11,500,000, which has been
contested by the Company. The Company responded to the EPA that it is willing to investigate the
existence of other PRPs and to undertake the activities necessary to design a final remediation for
the Superfund Site. In July 2007, the EPA refused the Company s offer to perform the work necessary
to design the remediation plan without first agreeing to assume responsibility for the full
remediation of the Superfund Site. The EPA did encourage the Company to investigate the existence
of other PRPs and to submit evidence thereof, if appropriate. In January 2008, the Company
submitted to the EPA evidence demonstrating the existence of several other PRPs.

Notwithstanding the assertions of the EPA, based on discussions with its attorneys and consultants,
the Company believes the EPA analytical effort is far from complete. Further, technical data has
not established that offsite migration of hazardous substances from the Pennsauken Site caused the
contamination of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site. In any event, the evidence establishes that
hazardous substances from the Pennsauken Site could have, at most, constituted only a portion of
the total contamination delineated in the vicinity of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site. There
are other technical factors and defenses that indicate that the remediation proposed by the EPA is
technically flawed. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes that it has significant defenses
against all or part of the EPA claim and that other PRPs should be identified to support the
ultimate cost of remediation. Nevertheless, the Company s attorneys have advised it that it is
likely that it will incur some liability in
this matter. Based on the information so far, the Company has estimated remediation liability for
this matter of 4,000,000 2,480,000, net of tax), which was reserved and recorded as part of
discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of 2006. This amount is included in the total
environmental accrual as mentioned previously. There can be no assurance as to what will be the
ultimate resolution or exposure to the Company for this matter.

Page 15 

Table of Contents 

It is management s opinion that the impact of litigation and environmental administrative actions
and related liabilities brought against the Company and its operations will not have a material
adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations beyond the reserves specified
above. However, the ultimate outcome of these matters is inherently uncertain, and it is possible
that some of these matters may be resolved adversely to the Company. The adverse resolution of any
one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the business, operating
results, financial condition or cash flows of the Company. Additional information pertaining to
legal proceedings is found in Note 13 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, no matter was submitted to a vote of the Company s
security holders.

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES 

On October 1, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange NYSE Euronext acquired the American Stock
Exchange AMEX ). As a result, effective December 1, 2008, all AMEX companies were placed in the
NYSE Amex listing platform. Until this time, the Company s common stock was traded on both the
NYSE Amex (formerly the AMEX) and the NASDAQ OMX PHLX PHLX (formerly the Philadelphia Stock
Exchange) under the symbol SLI. On December 24, 2008, the Company announced its intentions to
voluntarily delist from the PHLX effective January 15, 2009. This action was taken solely as a
result of the decision of PHLX to terminate its equity trading platform, which termination was
effective October 24, 2008. The delisting from the PHLX will not impact the market for the
Company s shares of common stock, which continue to be traded on the NYSE Amex under the ticker
symbol SLI. The following table sets forth the high and low closing sales price per share of the
Company s common stock on the NYSE Amex for the periods indicated:

Year 

Year 

Ended December 31, 

Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

HIGH 

LOW 

HIGH 

LOW 

Stock Prices

1st Quarter

20.97 

16.95 

16.42 

12.23 

2nd Quarter

19.89 

12.65 

18.00 

13.84 

3rd Quarter

15.25 

11.10 

24.00 

16.20 

4th Quarter

13.25 

4.75 

24.00 

16.35 

Page 16 

Table of Contents 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

The following Performance Graph summarizes the cumulative total shareholder return on an investment
of 100 on December 31, 2003 in the Common Stock for the period from that date to the last trading
day of fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, as compared to the cumulative total return on a similar
investment of 100 on that date in stocks comprising the S P Electrical Components Equipment
Group and the Russell 2000 Stock Index. The graph assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. The Performance Graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance.

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

SL INDUSTRIES, INC. 

100.00 

176.43 

200.12 

202.62 

249.38 

109.73 

S P GROUP INDEX 

100.00 

114.37 

126.58 

151.44 

191.04 

118.50 

RUSSELL 2000 INDEX 

100.00 

117.49 

121.40 

142.12 

135.10 

88.09 

As of March 3, 2009, there were approximately 626 registered shareholders. The Company does not pay
dividends and has no present intention of making dividend payments in the foreseeable future. The
2008 Credit Facility restricts the payment of dividends. Additional information pertaining to the
2008 Credit Facility is found in Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

On December 30, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500,000 shares of
the Company s stock. Previously, the Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to
560,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Any repurchases pursuant to the Company s stock
repurchase program would be made in the open market or in negotiated transactions. For the twelve
months ended December 31, 2008, the Company did not repurchase any shares pursuant to its existing
stock repurchase program; however, it did purchase 30,230 shares through its deferred compensation
plans. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2007, the Company purchased 11,801 shares pursuant
to its repurchase program and 94,709 shares through its deferred compensation plans.

Page 17 

Table of Contents 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Total Number 

Maximum Number 

of Shares 

of Shares That May 

Total 

Purchased as Part 

Yet Be Purchased 

Number of 

Average 

of Publicly 

under Publicly 

Shares 

Price Paid 

Announced Plans 

Announced Plans or 

Period 
 
 Purchased 

per Share 

or Programs 

Programs 

January 2008

2,160 
 (1) 

20.25 

548,199 

February 2008

2,700 
 (1) 

20.55 

548,199 

March 2008

2,600 
 (1) 

19.40 

548,199 

April 2008

1,500 
 (1) 

19.75 

May 2008

3,500 
 (1) 

14.66 

June 2008

2,700 
 (1) 

14.60 

July 2008

August 2008

3,230 
 (1) 

13.56 

September 2008

2,080 
 (1) 

11.56 

October 2008

3,680 
 (1) 

11.21 

November 2008

3,180 
 (1) 

9.75 

December 2008

2,900 
 (1) 

5.28 

500,000 

Total

30,230 

14.07 

(1) 
 
 The Company purchased these shares other than through a publicly announced plan
or program.

Page 18 

Table of Contents 

Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of
December 31, 2008, is as follows:

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

Number of securities 

future issuance under equity 

to be issued upon 

Weighted average 

compensation plans 

exercise of 

exercise price of 

excluding shares reflected in 

outstanding options 

outstanding options 

column (a) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved
by security holders

405,340 

10.322 

160,000 

Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders

none 

Total

405,340 

10.322 

160,000 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Selected consolidated financial data with respect to the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, 2006,
2005 and 2004 are presented below.

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 (1) 

2005 

2004 

(amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Net sales

185,954 

200,863 

176,773 

126,873 

118,804 

Income from continuing operations

4,636 

10,274 

6,860 

7,620 

6,301 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations (2) 

(2,302) 

(1,863) 

(3,307) 

(473) 

2,371 

Net income (3) 

2,334 

8,411 

3,553 

7,147 

8,672 

Diluted net income per common share

0.39 

1.43 

0.61 

1.25 

1.48 

Shares used in computing diluted net income per
common share

5,948 

5,876 

5,823 

5,738 

5,871 

Cash dividend per common share

Year-end financial position 

Working capital

27,222 

30,606 

27,511 

25,807 

19,496 

Current ratio (4) 

2.03 

2.10 

1.94 

2.40 

2.05 

Total assets

101,286 

104,673 

106,543 

70,314 

63,084 

Long-term debt

6,000 

19,800 

1,456 

Shareholders equity

64,860 

61,629 

50,419 

46,645 

37,687 

Book value per share

10.98 

10.54 

8.94 

8.33 

6.91 

Other 

Capital expenditures (5) 

2,426 

1,742 

3,055 

1,904 

1,642 

Depreciation and amortization

3,652 

3,600 

2,605 

1,986 

2,133 

(1) 
 
 On January 26, 2006, the Company completed the acquisition of Ault. On October 31, 2006, the
Company completed the acquisition of MTE. Sales and operating results for both entities are
included in fiscal year 2006 from the date of acquisition.

(2) 
 
 On November 24, 2003, the Company sold certain assets of SurfTech. On January 6, 2003,
effective for the year ended December 31, 2002, the Company sold EME. Accordingly, the operations
of SurfTech, EME, and SL Waber have been accounted for as discontinued operations in all periods
presented.

(3) 
 
 Fiscal 2008 includes a provision for environmental remediation of 1,410,000, net of tax.
Fiscal 2006 includes a provision for environmental remediation of 2,480,000, net of tax. Fiscal
2004 includes a settlement fee of 2,516,000, net of tax, received by SL Waber and the recovery of
certain legal fees for environmental matters in the amount of 392,000, net of tax.

(4) 
 
 The current ratio calculations for all years exclude net current assets and liabilities held
for sale.

(5) 
 
 Excludes assets acquired in business combinations.

Page 19 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Company, through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures and markets power electronics, motion
control, power protection, power quality electromagnetic and specialized communication equipment
that is used in a variety of commercial and military aerospace, computer, datacom, industrial,
medical, telecom, transportation and utility equipment applications. The Company is comprised of
four domestic business segments, three of which have significant manufacturing operations in
Mexico. SLPE has manufacturing, engineering and sales capability in China. Most of the Company s
sales are made to customers who are based in the United States. Over the last three years the Company s sales to
international markets have been 17 , 16 and 17 of consolidated net sales. The Company places an
emphasis on highly engineered, well-built, high quality, dependable products and continues its
dedication to product enhancement and innovations.

The Company s business strategy has been to enhance the growth and profitability of each of its
businesses through the penetration of attractive new market niches, further improvement of
operations and expansion of global capabilities. The Company expects to achieve these goals through
organic growth and strategic acquisitions. The Company also continues to pursue strategic
alternatives to maximize the value of its businesses. Some of these alternatives have included, and
will continue to include, selective acquisitions, divestitures and sales of certain assets. The
Company has provided, and may from time to time in the future provide, information to interested
parties regarding portions of its businesses for such purposes.

Organization Of Financial Information 

The Company s Management Discussion and Analysis provides material historical and prospective
disclosures intended to enable investors and other users to assess the Company s financial
condition and results of operations. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking and
involve risks and uncertainties, as discussed under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in
Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements and notes are
presented in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Included in the consolidated financial
statements are the Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The notes, which are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements, provide additional information required to fully understand the nature of
amounts included in the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, in Note 15, the Company
provides a summary of net sales, income from continuing operations before income taxes, total
assets, intangible assets, capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization by reportable
segment. The Company s Management Discussion and Analysis provides a more detailed discussion
related to the operations of business segments.

Page 20 

Table of Contents 

In the sections that follow, statements with respect to 2008 or fiscal 2008 refer to the twelve
month period ending December 31, 2008. Statements with respect to 2007 or fiscal 2007 refer to the
twelve month period ending December 31, 2007. Also, the sales and income from operations of Ault
and MTE are included for the full years in 2008 and 2007. Ault is included as part of SLPE, while
MTE is recorded within the High Power Group. For 2006, the sales and income from operations for
Ault and MTE are included from their respective acquisition dates. The Ault acquisition was
completed on January 26, 2006 and the MTE acquisition was completed on October 31, 2006.

Significant Transactions And Financial Trends 

Included in the financial sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is a description of
significant transactions or events that have materially affected earnings, cash flow and business
trends. The Company s Management Discussion and Analysis for fiscal 2008 also includes income and
charges related to discontinued operations. Significant transactions in 2008 that impacted the
Company s financial results and cash flows include the paydown of bank debt in the net amount of
 6,000,000 and the establishment of a reserve of 3,621,000 related to environmental matters. The
charge for the environmental reserve amounts to 2,269,000, net of tax, and is recorded as part of discontinued
operations. The Company also established a restructuring charge of 677,000, of which 397,000 was
recorded at SLPE and 280,000 was recorded at the High Power Group. Of these charges, 518,000 was
recorded in the third quarter of 2008 and 159,000 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Additional information with respect to restructuring charges is found in Note 11 in the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Significant transactions in 2007 that impacted the Company s financial results and cash flows
include the paydown of bank debt in the net amount of 13,800,000 and the establishment of a
reserve of 2,854,000 related to environmental matters. The charge for the environmental reserve
amounts to 1,751,000, net of tax, and is recorded as part of discontinued operations.

While these items are important in understanding and evaluating financial results and trends, other
transactions or events, which are disclosed in this Management Discussion and Analysis, have a
material impact on continuing operations. A complete understanding of these transactions is
necessary in order to estimate the likelihood that these trends will continue.

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC issued disclosure guidance for
 critical accounting policies. The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that
require application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a
result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and
may change in subsequent periods.

The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Not all of these
significant accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or complex
judgments or estimates. However, the following policies are deemed to be critical within the SEC
definition. The Company s senior management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and
estimates and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

Page 21 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or
services have been rendered, the purchase price is fixed or determinable and collectibility is
reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No.
104 and in certain circumstances in accordance with the guidance provided by the Emerging Issues
Task Force EITF 00-21 Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables. The major portion of
the Company s revenue is derived from equipment sales. However, RFL has customer service revenue,
which accounted for less than one percent of consolidated net revenue for each of 2008, 2007 and
2006. The Company recognizes equipment revenue upon shipment and transfer of title. Provisions are
established for product warranties, principally based on historical experience. At times the
Company establishes reserves for specific warranty issues known by management. Service and
installation revenue is recognized when completed. At SL-MTI, revenue from one particular contract
is considered a multiple element arrangement and, in that case, is allocated among the separate
accounting units based on relative fair value. In this case the total arrangement consideration is fixed and there is
objective and reliable evidence of fair value.

SLPE has two sales programs with distributors, pursuant to which credits are issued to
distributors: (1) a scrap program and (2) a competitive discount program. The distributor scrap
program allows distributors to scrap and/or rotate up to a pre-determined percentage of their
purchases over the previous six month period. SLPE provides for this allowance as a decrease to
revenue based upon the amount of sales to each distributor and other historical factors. The
competitive discount program allows a distributor to sell a product out of its inventory at less
than list price in order to meet certain competitive situations. SLPE records this discount as a
reduction to revenue based on the distributor s eligible inventory. The eligible distributor
inventory is reviewed at least quarterly. No cash is paid under either distributor program. These
programs affected consolidated gross revenue for 2008, 2007 and 2006 by approximately 0.8 , 0.7 
and 0.8 , respectively.

Certain judgments affect the application of the Company s revenue policy, as mentioned above.
Revenue recognition is significant because net revenue is a key component of results of operations.
In addition, revenue recognition determines the timing of certain expenses, such as commissions,
royalties and certain incentive programs. Revenue results are difficult to predict. Any shortfall
in revenue or delay in recognizing revenue could cause operating results to vary significantly from
year to year and quarter to quarter.

Allowance For Doubtful Accounts 

The Company s estimate for the allowance for doubtful accounts related to trade receivables is
based on two methods. The amounts calculated from each of these methods are combined to determine
the total amount reserved. First, the Company evaluates specific accounts where it has information
that the customer may have an inability to meet its financial obligations (e.g., bankruptcy or
insolvency). In these cases, the Company uses its judgment, based on the best available facts and
circumstances, and records a specific reserve for that customer against amounts due to reduce the
receivable to the amount that is expected to be collected. These specific reserves are reevaluated
and adjusted as additional information is received that impacts the amount reserved. Second, a
general reserve is established for all customers based on several factors, including historical
write-offs as a percentage of sales. If circumstances change (e.g., higher than expected defaults
or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer s ability to meet its financial
obligation), the Company s estimates of the recoverability of amounts due could be reduced by a
material amount. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts represented 2.5 and 2.9 of gross
trade receivables at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively.

Page 22 

Table of Contents 

Inventories 

The Company values inventory at the lower of cost or market, and continually reviews the book value
of discontinued product lines to determine if these items are properly valued. The Company
identifies these items and assesses the ability to dispose of them at a price greater than cost. If
it is determined that cost is less than market value, then cost is used for inventory valuation. If
market value is less than cost, then related inventory is adjusted to market value.

If a write down to the current market value is necessary, the market value cannot be greater than
the net realizable value, which is defined as selling price less costs to complete and dispose, and cannot
be lower than the net realizable value less a normal profit margin. The Company also continually
evaluates the composition of its inventory and identifies slow-moving and excess inventories.
Inventory items identified as slow moving or excess are evaluated to determine if reserves are
required. If the Company were not able to achieve its expectations of the net realizable value of
the inventory at current market value, it would have to adjust its reserves accordingly. Although
the Company makes efforts to ensure the accuracy of forecasts of future product demand, and any
significant unanticipated changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of
inventory and of operating results.

Accounting For Income Taxes 

On January 1, 2007, the Company adopted the provisions of Interpretation 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes FIN 48 ). At the adoption date, the Company applied the provisions
of FIN 48 to all tax positions for which the statute of limitations remained open. As required, the
cumulative effect of the change from the adoption of FIN 48 was to be recorded in the opening
balance of retained earnings. As a result of the implementation of FIN 48, the Company did not
recognize any change of its unrecognized tax benefits and did not adjust the January 1, 2007
balance of retained earnings. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2008 was
 2,845,000, excluding interest and penalties. This amount represents unrecognized tax benefits,
which, if ultimately recognized, will reduce the Company s effective tax rate. As of December 31,
2008, the Company reported accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of
 437,000. For additional disclosures related to FIN 48, see Note 3 in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Page 23 

Table of Contents 

Significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, the
deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax
assets. The net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 were 11,705,000
and 9,450,000, respectively. The deferred tax assets are net of valuation allowances of 2,018,000 185,000 for continuing operations and 1,833,000 for discontinued operations) for fiscal 2008 and
 2,826,000 934,000 for continuing operations and 1,892,000 for discontinued operations) for
2007. The carrying value of the Company s net deferred tax assets assumes that the Company will be
able to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions. Valuation
allowances are attributable to uncertainties related to the Company s ability to utilize certain
deferred tax assets prior to expiration. These deferred tax assets primarily consist of loss
carryforwards. The valuation allowance is based on estimates of taxable income, expenses and
credits by the jurisdictions in which the Company operates and the period over which deferred tax
assets will be recoverable. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates or these
estimates are adjusted in future periods, the Company may need to establish an additional valuation
allowance that could materially impact its consolidated financial position and results of
operations. Each quarter, management evaluates the ability to realize the deferred tax assets and
assesses the need for additional valuation allowances.

Legal Contingencies 

The Company is currently involved in certain legal proceedings. As discussed in Note 13 in the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV to this Annual Report on Form
10-K, the Company has accrued an estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of these claims.
This estimate has been developed after investigation and is based upon an analysis of potential
results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Management does not believe these proceedings
will have a further material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position. It is
possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period
could be materially affected by changes in these assumptions, or the effectiveness of these
strategies, related to these proceedings.

Goodwill 

The Company has allocated its adjusted goodwill balance to its reporting units. The Company tests
goodwill for impairment annually at fiscal year-end and in interim periods if certain events occur
indicating that the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. The goodwill impairment test is a
two-step process. The first step of the impairment analysis compares the fair value to the net book
value. In determining fair value, the accounting guidance allows for the use of several valuation
methodologies, although it states quoted market prices are the best evidence of fair value. The
Company uses a combination of expected present values of future cash flows and comparative market
multiples and has performed a review of market capitalization with estimated control premiums. If
the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its net book value, the second step of the analysis
compares the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of
goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, the Company recognizes an impairment loss equal to that
excess amount. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the
identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning
goodwill to reporting units and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. Significant
judgments required to estimate the fair value of reporting units include estimating future cash
flows, determining appropriate discount rates, selecting comparable companies within each reporting
unit and market and determining control premiums. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could
materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit. There were no impairment
charges in 2008, 2007 or 2006. As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, goodwill totaled
 22,769,000 and 22,006,000 (representing 22 and 21 of total assets), respectively. For 2008 and
2007, there were four reporting units identified for impairment testing. Those units are SLPE, MTE,
Teal and RFL.

Page 24 

Table of Contents 

Impairment Of Long-Lived And Intangible Assets 

The Company s long-lived and intangible assets primarily consist of fixed assets, goodwill and
other intangible assets. The Company periodically reviews the carrying value of its long-lived
assets held and used, other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, and assets
to be disposed of whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. The Company assesses the recoverability of the asset by estimated cash
flows and at times by independent appraisals. It compares estimated cash flows expected to be
generated from the related assets, or the appraised value of the asset, to the carrying amounts to
determine whether impairment has occurred. If the estimate of cash flows expected to be generated
changes in the future, the Company may
be required to record impairment charges that were not previously recorded for these assets. If the
carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded for
the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Asset
impairment evaluations are by nature highly subjective. The Company recorded asset impairment
charges of approximately 77,000, net of tax, related to properties it owns in Camden, New Jersey
and Pennsauken, New Jersey. These charges are recorded as part of discontinued operations.

Environmental Expenditures 

The Company is subject to United States, Mexican, Chinese and United Kingdom environmental laws and
regulations concerning emissions to the air, discharges to surface and subsurface waters, and
generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. The
Company is also subject to other federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations,
including those that require it to remediate or mitigate the effects of the disposal or release of
certain chemical substances at various sites, including some where the Company has ceased
operations. It is impossible to predict precisely what effect these laws and regulations will have
in the future.

Expenditures that relate to current operations are charged to expense or capitalized, as
appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by formerly owned operations
are expensed and recorded as part of discontinued operations. Expenditures include costs of
remediation and legal fees to defend against claims for environmental liability. Liabilities are
recorded when remedial efforts are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The
liability for remediation expenditures includes, as appropriate, elements of costs such as site
investigations, consultants fees, feasibility studies, outside contractor expenses and monitoring
expenses. Estimates are not discounted and they are not reduced by potential claims for recovery
from insurance carriers. The liability is periodically reviewed and adjusted to reflect current
remediation progress, prospective estimates of required activity and other relevant factors,
including changes in technology or regulations. The Company recorded charges of 1,500,000 in the
third quarter 2008 and 750,000 in the fourth quarter 2008 related to environmental matters at its
site in Camden, New Jersey. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, the Company recorded a
 4,000,000 charge in response to an EPA letter related to remediation of a designated Superfund
Site. Additional information pertaining to environmental matters is found in Note 13 in the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Page 25 

Table of Contents 

The above listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of the Company s accounting
policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically
dictated by generally accepted accounting principles with no need for management s judgment in
their application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available
alternatives would not produce a materially different result. See the Company s audited
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Part IV of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, which contain accounting policies and other disclosures required by generally accepted
accounting principles.

Liquidity And Capital Resources 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Variance 

Variance 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents

504 

733 

(229) 

(31) 

Bank debt

6,000 

(6,000) 

(100) 

Working capital

27,222 

30,606 

(3,384) 

(11) 

Shareholders equity

64,860 

61,629 

3,231 

5 

At December 31, 2008, the Company reported a cash balance of 504,000, and no outstanding bank
debt. At December 31, 2008, the Company maintained a total capacity under its 2008 Credit Facility
of 60,000,000, less 670,000 related to an outstanding letter of credit. During fiscal 2008, the
net cash provided by continuing operating activities was 10,046,000, as compared to net cash
provided by continuing operating activities of 15,232,000 during fiscal 2007. The primary sources
of cash provided by continuing operating activities for 2008 were income from continuing operations
of 4,636,000, collections of accounts receivable of 4,809,000, and an add-back of accrued income
taxes of 4,842,000. In addition, depreciation and amortization of 3,652,000 was also added to
income from continuing operations. These sources of cash and add-backs were partially offset by an
increase in deferred taxes of 3,319,000 and a decrease in accounts payable of 2,358,000. Accounts
payable decreased as cash flow, which would otherwise be used to retire bank debt, was used to pay
vendor invoices to qualify for discounts. The largest decrease in accounts payable was recorded at
SLPE in the amount of 2,228,000. The primary sources of cash provided by continuing operating
activities for 2007 were income from continuing operations of 10,274,000, an increase in other
accrued liabilities of 1,246,000 (of which the majority is related to a FIN 48 liability of
 1,752,000 for uncertain tax positions). In addition, depreciation and amortization of 3,600,000
was also added to income from operations. These sources of cash and add-backs were partially
offset by an increase in inventories of 1,152,000 and a decrease in accounts payable of
 1,290,000. The increase in inventory was primarily related to increased sales at SLPE, higher
backlog and relatively low levels of inventory at December 31, 2006. SLPE and Teal reduced accounts
payable by approximately 2,005,000 and 672,000, respectively; while MTI and MTE increased
accounts payable by 503,000 and 633,000, respectively.

During 2008, net cash used in investing activities was 2,434,000. Investing activities related to
the purchases of machinery, building improvements and manufacturing equipment in the amount of
 2,426,000. During 2007, net cash used in investing activities was 2,090,000. Investing activities
related to the purchases of machinery, building improvements and manufacturing equipment in the
amount of 1,742,000 and to the purchase of software licenses in the amount of 283,000.

Page 26 

Table of Contents 

During 2008, net cash used in financing activities was 5,923,000, primarily due to repayment of
debt of 6,000,000 under the Company s line of credit and payments of financing costs of 551,000,
offset by the proceeds of 567,000 from the sale of treasury stock. During 2007, net cash used in
financing activities was 10,960,000, primarily due to repayment of debt of 13,800,000 under the
Company s line of credit, partially offset by the proceeds of 2,654,000 from the exercise of stock
options.

On October 23, 2008, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility, or
the 2008 Credit Facility, with Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association, individually,
as agent, issuer and a lender thereunder, and the other financial institutions party thereto. The
2008 Credit Facility amends and restates the Company s 2005 Credit Facility. It provides for an
increase in the size of the line of credit and certain other changes. Additional information with
respect to the 2008 Credit Facility is found in Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Part IV to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Company s current ratio was 2.03 to 1 at December 31, 2008 and 2.10 to 1 at December 31, 2007.
This ratio decreased mainly due to decreased receivables and only slightly decreased current
liabilities as accounts payable and accrued liabilities decreased, but were offset by an increase
in accrued income taxes.

As a percentage of total capitalization, consisting of debt and shareholders equity, total
borrowings by the Company were 0 at December 31, 2008 and 9 at December 31, 2007. During 2008,
total borrowings decreased by 6,000,000, compared to a decrease in borrowings of 13,800,000
during 2007.

The capital expenditures of 2,426,000 made in 2008 primarily related to machinery and equipment
purchases. The Company has been able to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its operating
needs and expects to do so in the future.

With the exception of the segment reported as Other (which consists primarily of corporate office
expenses, financing activities, public reporting costs and accruals not specifically allocated to
the reportable business segments) all of the Company s operating segments recorded income from
operations in 2008 and 2007.

Page 27 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 

The following is a summary of the Company s contractual obligations at December 31, 2008 for the
periods indicated:

Less Than 

1 to 3 

4 to 5 

After 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Operating Leases

1,311 

1,781 

29 

3,121 

Debt

Capital Leases

8 

4 

12 

Other Obligations

1,319 

1,785 

29 

3,133 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

It is not the Company s usual business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements such
as guarantees on loans and financial commitments, indemnification arrangements and retained
interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity for securitization purposes.
Consequently, the Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements, except for operating lease
commitments disclosed in the table above, which have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material
current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or
expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2008 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2007 

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Variance 

Variance 

(in thousands) 

Net sales 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

72,811 

91,072 

(18,261) 

(20) 

High Power Group

60,462 

58,025 

2,437 

4 

Total

133,273 

149,097 

(15,824) 

(11) 

SL-MTI

28,647 

28,256 

391 

1 

RFL

24,034 

23,510 

524 

2 

Total

185,954 

200,863 

(14,909) 

(7) 

Page 28 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Variance 

Variance 

(in thousands) 

Income from operations 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

315 

8,233 

(7,918) 

(96) 

High Power Group

4,868 

7,810 

(2,942) 

(38) 

Total

5,183 

16,043 

(10,860) 

(68) 

SL-MTI

3,892 

3,469 

423 

12 

RFL

2,379 

2,677 

(298) 

(11) 

Other

(4,141) 

(6,170) 

2,029 

33 

Total

7,313 

16,019 

(8,706) 

(54) 

Consolidated net sales for 2008 decreased by 14,909,000, or 7 . This decrease was due to a
decrease of 18,261,000, or 20 , recorded by SLPE. The sales decline in the Power Electronics Group
was partially offset by an increase of 2,437,000, or 4 , in the High Power Group. SL-MTI recorded
a net sales increase of 391,000. Net sales at RFL increased by 524,000. In the fourth quarter of
2008, the High Power Group recorded a sales increase of 18 , while SL-MTI recorded increased sales
of less than 1 . SLPE and RFL recorded decreases in net sales of 27 and 3 , respectively, in the
fourth quarter of 2008, compared to the fourth quarter of 2007.

In 2008, the Company s income from operations was 7,313,000, representing a decrease of
 8,706,000, or 54 , compared to 16,019,000 in 2007. All of the Company s operating business
segments recorded income from operations in 2008 and 2007.

Income from continuing operations in 2008 was 4,636,000, or 0.78 per diluted share, compared to
income from continuing operations in 2007 of 10,274,000, or 1.75 per diluted share. In 2008 and
2007, income from continuing operations benefited by approximately 351,000 and 756,000, or 0.06
and 0.13 per diluted share, respectively, due to research and development tax credits. Also, the
restructuring costs recorded by the Company in 2008 of 677,000 had a negative impact of
approximately 0.08 per diluted share. The Company s business segments and the components of
operating expenses are discussed in the following sections.

SLPE recorded net sales of 72,811,000, or 39 of consolidated net sales, for 2008, compared to
 91,072,000, or 45 of consolidated net sales, in 2007. At SLPE, the net sales of its medical
equipment product line decreased by 13,101,000, or 24 . SLPE s sales of its industrial product
line decreased by 21 , while sales of its data communications product line decreased by 10 . The
decrease in sales in the medical product line was primarily the result of a sudden and significant
reduction of orders from two customers. The decrease in sales of the industrial product line was
due to decreased orders from distributors and the decrease in the data communications product line
was due to overall weakness in this market segment. Also, affecting net sales was the amount of
returns and distributor credits recorded in 2008, which represented approximately 3 of gross
sales, compared to 2 in 2007. Domestic sales decreased by approximately 19 , while international
sales decreased by approximately 24 in 2008. During 2008, SLPE experienced a significant downturn
in orders from two customers, as mentioned previously, in the medical equipment product line, one
of which accounted for most of the decrease in international sales. SLPE reported income from
operations of 315,000 in 2008, which represented a
decrease of 96 from 2007. SLPE s income from operations was negatively impacted by the 20 
reduction in net sales. SLPE s cost of products sold percentage increased to 72 of net sales,
compared to 69 in 2007. This increase was due to lower sales volume, which led to lower absorption
of overhead costs, unfavorable foreign exchange, and additions to excess and obsolete reserves. In
addition, SLPE recorded a reserve of 492,000 related to a discontinued product. The reserve
adjustments were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008. SLPE also recorded restructuring costs of
 397,000 in the third and fourth quarters of 2008.

Page 29 

Table of Contents 

The High Power Group reported net sales of 60,462,000, or 33 of consolidated net sales, compared
to 58,025,000, or 29 of consolidated net sales, in 2007. The High Power Group recorded an overall
increase in net sales of 2,437,000, or 4 in 2008. Income from operations was 4,868,000 compared
to 7,810,000, or a decrease of 38 . Teal, which is part of the High Power Group, recorded a net
sales decrease of 494,000, or 1 , while MTE recorded a sales increase of 2,931,000, or 15 .
Teal s sales decrease is attributable to a decrease in demand from semiconductor manufacturers in
the amount of 3,648,000, or 65 . This decrease was partially offset by increases in the military,
aerospace and other product lines, which grew by 2,166,000, or greater than 300 in 2008. This is
a relatively new market for Teal. Teal s sales of medical imaging equipment increased by 988,000,
or 3 , in 2008 compared to 2007. MTE s sales increased by 2,931,000, or 15 , which was driven by
sales to OEMs servicing domestic and international petrochemical, mining, agriculture and waste
water pumping industries. Domestic sales increased by 10 , while international sales increased by
39 . Teal s income from operations decreased by 481,000, or 10 , primarily due to the decrease in
sales and higher steel prices. Steel prices increased approximately 50 , compared to 2007. The
increase in sales at MTE did not translate to a corresponding increase in income from operations
because: (i) the cost of products sold percentage of sales increased by 12 as a result of higher
commodity prices (particularly steel and copper), higher freight charges, an inventory adjustment
to reflect lower market value and lower labor efficiency and other incremental costs associated
with shifting production to lower cost facilities, (ii) the engineering and product development
costs increased by 394,000, or 41 , primarily due to the hiring of additional engineers, increased
agency, testing and professional fees; and (iii) the recording of 280,000 in restructuring costs.

SL-MTI s net sales in 2008 increased approximately 391,000, or 1 , while income from operations
increased by 423,000, or 12 , compared to 2007. These results were driven by a sales increase of
 1,165,000, or 5 , attributable to customers in the defense and commercial aerospace industries and
an increase of 416,000, or 47 , in its other commercial product line. These increases were
partially offset by a decrease in sales of 1,190,000 to medical equipment manufacturers. The
increase in income from operations resulting from an approximate 1 increase in gross margin
percentage, was due to higher volume, favorable product mix and lower fixed overhead costs. Also,
selling, general and administrative costs decreased by 134,000, or 6 .

RFL s net sales in 2008 increased approximately 524,000, or 2 , while income from operations
decreased by approximately 298,000, or 11 , compared to 2007. Sales of RFL s protection products
increased by 1,824,000, or 15 . RFL s customer service sales also increased by 105,000, or 12 .
In 2008, sales of carrier communications products decreased by 1,405,000, or 13 . Domestic sales
decreased by 3 in 2008. Export sales increased by 22 , primarily due to a large international
order. Selling, general and administrative costs increased by 429,000, in 2008. During 2007, RFL
realized benefits of 341,000 due to the sale of securities, the receipt of a death benefit and the
reduction of a potential claim pertaining to certain insurance policies carried by RFL. Without
these benefits, selling, general and administrative expenses would have increased by 88,000, or
1 , primarily due to increased sales.

Page 30 

Table of Contents 

Cost Of Products Sold 

As a percentage of net sales, cost of products sold was approximately 70 in 2008, compared to 67 
in 2007. SLPE s cost of products sold percentage increased by approximately 3 in 2008, compared to
2007. The High Power Group recorded an increase in its cost of products sold as a percentage of net
sales of 5 . MTI experienced a decrease of approximately 1 , while RFL remained relatively stable
in 2008 and 2007.

SLPE s increase was primarily due to lower sales, which led to lower absorption of overhead costs
and recording of inventory reserves of 964,000. The reserve adjustments were recorded in the
fourth quarter of 2008 and pertain to a discontinued product and an increase in SLPE s excess and
obsolescence reserves. The High Power Group experienced a 5 increase in its cost of products sold
as a percentage of net sales. This increase was attributable to MTE, which increased by 12 due to
significantly higher commodity prices, freight charges, inventory adjustments and incremental
costs associated with moving facilities, as previously mentioned. Teal s cost of products sold as a
percentage of net sales increased by approximately 1 due to reduced sales and higher steel prices
and lamination charges.

Engineering And Product Development Expenses 

As a percentage of net sales, engineering and product development expenses were approximately 8 in
2008 and 6 in 2007. Engineering and product development expenses increased by approximately
 1,181,000, or 9 , in 2008. SLPE increased engineering and product development expenses by
 696,000, or 11 , primarily due to additional engineers hired in both the United States and China,
increased agency fees due to new product releases, and increased professional and legal fees. The
High Power Group experienced an increase of 383,000, or 14 , primarily due to additional
engineers, increased prototypes and an increase in professional fees at MTE. RFL reported an
increase of 108,000, or 6 , in 2008, while MTI experienced relatively stable engineering and
product development costs in 2008 and 2007.

Selling, General And Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 17 of net sales for 2008 and 2007.
These expenses decreased by 3,192,000, or 9 , while sales decreased 7 from prior year. SLPE
recorded a 1,363,000, or 11 , decrease in selling, general and administrative costs on a sales
decrease of 20 , the decrease is primarily related to reduction in personnel, commissions, bonus
expense, reduced travel and advertising cost. Corporate and Other expenses decreased by 2,029,000,
or 33 , due primarily to a decrease in bonus expense of 761,000, lower stock-based compensation
expense of 818,000 and reduced consulting expense of 772,000. These decreases were partially
offset by receiving less of a benefit in 2008, compared to 2007, related to the Company s insurance
programs. RFL recorded a 429,000, or 7 , increase in selling, general and administrative costs. As
mentioned previously, RFL recorded a benefit of 341,000 in 2007 related to certain insurance
policies. Without this benefit, selling, general and administrative costs would have increased by
 88,000 as a result of increased commissions and bonus accruals. The High Power Group and MTI recorded minimal changes in
their selling, general and administrative costs in 2008, compared to 2007.

Page 31 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation And Amortization Expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expenses in 2008 were 3,652,000, an increase of approximately
 52,000, or 1 . This increase is primarily related to equipment and software additions made in
2008.

Restructuring Costs 

The Company recorded restructuring costs of 677,000 in 2008. Of these charges, 518,000 was
recorded in the third quarter 2008 and 159,000 was recorded in the fourth quarter 2008. Of the
 677,000, SLPE recorded 397,000 in restructuring costs primarily related to workforce reductions
to align SLPE s cost structure to current and anticipated business levels. The workforce reduction
affected SLPE s operations in Mexico, China, the United Kingdom and Minnesota. Additional charges
of 110,000 are expected to be incurred by SLPE in 2009 according to plan. MTE incurred
restructuring costs of 280,000 primarily related to the cost of consolidating facilities. There
were no severance costs in MTE s restructuring charges. MTE expects to incur an additional 60,000
in restructuring costs in 2009. The Company will continue to review its business levels and cost
structure and may initiate further cost optimization initiatives.

Amortization Of Deferred Financing Costs 

In connection with entering into the 2008 Credit Facility, the Company incurred costs of
approximately 558,000. These costs have been deferred and are being amortized over the term of
the 2008 Credit Facility. The amortization costs in 2007 relate to the 2005 Credit Facility, of
which approximately 258,000 was amortized over three years.

Interest Income (Expense) 

In 2008, interest income was 28,000, compared to 47,000 in 2007. Interest expense in 2008 was
 237,000, compared to 855,000 in 2007. The decrease in interest expense for 2008 is primarily
related to the significant reduction of debt levels in 2008, compared to 2007. The average debt
outstanding in 2008 was 4,050,000, compared to 13,035,000 in 2007.

Taxes 

The effective tax rate for 2008 was approximately 34 . In 2007, the effective tax rate was 32 . The
rates for both periods reflect the statutory rate after adjustments for state and international tax
provisions, offset by the recording of benefits from research and development tax credits. The
benefit rate related to the recording of research and development tax credits was 5 for both 2008
and 2007.

Discontinued Operations 

During 2008, the Company recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, of 2,302,000.
These charges related to ongoing environmental remediation and legal costs. Also in 2008, the
Company recorded additional costs of 1,410,000, net of tax, related to estimated environmental
remediation costs at the Camden Site. In addition, the Company wrote-off the net book value of its
properties in Camden, New Jersey and Pennsauken, New Jersey in the aggregate amount of 77,000, net
of tax. The Company also recorded a gain of 59,000, net of tax, for a settlement related to a
discontinued operation. In 2007, the Company recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of
tax, of 1,863,000. These charges
related to ongoing environmental remediation and legal costs. For a discussion of potential
environmental liabilities, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings included in Part I of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Other costs are related to ongoing environmental and legal charges incurred during
the year.

Page 32 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2007 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2006 

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Variance 

Variance 

(in thousands) 

Net sales 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

91,072 

87,949 

3,123 

4 

High Power Group

58,025 

39,993 

18,032 

45 

Total

149,097 

127,942 

21,155 

17 

SL-MTI

28,256 

25,704 

2,552 

10 

RFL

23,510 

23,127 

383 

2 

Total

200,863 

176,773 

24,090 

14 

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Variance 

Variance 

(in thousands) 

Income from operations 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

8,233 

6,316 

1,917 

30 

High Power Group

7,810 

5,836 

1,974 

34 

Total

16,043 

12,152 

3,891 

32 

SL-MTI

3,469 

1,555 

1,914 

123 

RFL

2,677 

2,217 

460 

21 

Other

(6,170) 

(4,871) 

(1,299) 

(27) 

Total

16,019 

11,053 

4,966 

45 

Consolidated net sales for 2007, compared to 2006, increased by 24,090,000, or 14 . The Power
Electronics Group recorded a sales increase of 21,155,000, or 17 . This increase was primarily due
to the acquisition of MTE, which contributed 17,173,000 of the sales increase in 2007. Without
MTE, the sales increase of the Power Electronics Group would have been 3,982,000, or 3 . SL-MTI
recorded a sales increase of 2,552,000. Net sales at RFL increased by 383,000 in 2007. In the
fourth quarter of 2007, SL-MTI and RFL recorded increased sales of 7 and 6 , respectively, while
the High Power Group recorded a sales increase of 4 . The inclusion of MTE for a full quarter in
2007, compared to two months for the fourth quarter of 2006, accounted for the increase. SLPE
recorded a 6 decrease in net sales in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to the 2006 fourth
quarter.

The Company s income from operations increased to 16,019,000, or 45 , in 2007, compared to
 11,053,000 in 2006. All of the Company s operating business segments recorded income from
operations in 2007 and 2006.

Page 33 

Table of Contents 

Income from continuing operations in 2007 was 10,274,000, or 1.75 per diluted share, compared to
income from continuing operations in 2006 of 6,860,000, or 1.18 per diluted share. In 2007 and
2006, income from continuing operations benefited by approximately 756,000 and 513,000, or 0.13 and
 0.09 per diluted share, respectively, due to research and development tax credits. The Company s
business segments and the components of operating expenses are discussed in the following sections.

SLPE recorded net sales of 91,072,000, or 45 of consolidated net sales, for 2007, compared to
 87,949,000, or 50 of consolidated net sales, in 2006. At SLPE, the net sales of its medical
equipment product line increased by approximately 18 , partially offset by decreases in its other
product lines. Domestic sales represented 82 of SLPE s net sales in
2007 and 81 of SLPE s net sales
in 2006. SLPE reported income from operations of 8,233,000 in 2007, which represented an increase
of 30 from 2006.

The High Power Group reported net sales of 58,025,000, or 29 of consolidated net sales, compared
to 39,993,000, or 23 of consolidated net sales, in 2006. Teal, which is part of the High Power
Group, recorded a net sales increase of 859,000, or 2 . This increase was attributable to sales of
its medical imaging equipment, which increased by 1,700,000. Sales of Teal s other product lines
decreased in 2007. The High Power Group reported income from operations of 7,810,000 in 2007,
which was an increase of 34 . This increase was attributable to MTE, which increased income from
operations by 2,469,000. Income from operations at Teal decreased by 495,000, primarily due to a
combination of higher cost of products sold and operating expenses, partially offset by a 2 
increase in sales.

SL-MTI s net sales in 2007 increased approximately 2,552,000, or 10 , while income from operations
increased by 1,914,000, or 123 . These results were driven by a sales increase of 2,546,000, or
11 , attributable to customers in the defense and commercial aerospace industries, and to a lesser
extent, medical equipment manufacturers. The increase in income from operations was primarily due
to a 3 increase in gross margin, resulting from higher volume, favorable product mix and greater
manufacturing efficiencies. In addition, SL-MTI did not incur material severance costs in 2007,
which totaled 483,000 in 2006. Income from operations also improved as engineering and product
development costs decreased 895,000 from the unusually large product development costs incurred in
2006. In 2007, increased sales volume and bonus accruals caused a 22 increase in selling, general
and administrative expenses.

RFL s net sales in 2007 increased approximately 383,000, or 2 , while income from operations
increased by approximately 460,000, or 21 . Sales of RFL s protection products increased by 34 ,
aided by sales of a new product. RFL s customer service sales also increased in 2007. In 2007,
sales of carrier communications products decreased by 20 . Domestic sales increased by 12 in 2007.
Export sales decreased by 25 , primarily due to reduced sales in the Asia Pacific region, which had
experienced significant growth in 2006. Income from operations increased primarily as a result of
increased sales volume and improved gross margin. Selling, general and administrative costs
increased by 106,000. During the year, RFL realized benefits of 341,000 due to the sale of
securities, the receipt of a death benefit and the reduction of a potential claim pertaining to
certain insurance policies carried by RFL. Without these benefits, selling, general and
administrative expenses would have increased by 447,000. These expenses increased due to increased
commissions, pension plan matching costs and bonus accruals.

Page 34 

Table of Contents 

Cost Of Products Sold 

As a percentage of net sales, cost of products sold was approximately 67 in 2007, compared to 68 
in 2006. Without MTE, cost of products sold percentage remained
relatively unchanged. SLPE s cost of
products sold percentage remained at 69 in 2007. During the fourth quarter of 2007, cost of
products sold percentage decreased by approximately 5 , when compared to the fourth quarter of
2006, due primarily to increased labor efficiencies at the plant in Mexicali, Mexico. SLPE also
incurred severance costs in 2006, which were not recurring in 2007. The cost of products sold
percentage for the High Power Group decreased slightly for the year, primarily due to the inclusion
of MTE for a full year in 2007. Product mix, higher raw materials costs and manufacturing
inefficiencies at its plant in Tecate, Mexico increased Teal s cost of products sold percentage by
approximately 1 . Approximately 70 of Teal products are manufactured at the Tecate facility.
SL-MTI experienced a decrease in its cost of products sold percentage to 72 in 2007, from 75 in
2006. This decrease was primarily due to a 10 increase in sales volume, product mix and higher
plant productivity. Also SL-MTI incurred approximately 426,000 in severance costs in 2006, which
were not recurring in 2007. RFL s cost of products sold percentage improved by approximately 2 , as
a result of product mix and lean manufacturing initiatives implemented in 2007.

Engineering And Product Development Expenses 

As a percentage of net sales, engineering and product development expenses were approximately 6 in
2007 and 7 in 2006. Engineering and product development expenses increased by approximately
 491,000, or 4 . Without the inclusion of MTE, engineering and product development expenses would
have decreased by 391,000, or 3 . SL-MTI s engineering and product development costs decreased by
36 , primarily due to higher customer development funding in 2007 and an unusually high level of
expenditures in 2006. SLPE experienced an increase in engineering and product development costs of
 509,000, or 8 , partially due to the inclusion of the Ault product line for a full year in 2007,
compared to eleven months in 2006. Higher agency approval costs also contributed to higher costs at
SLPE. Engineering and product development costs at Teal and RFL remained stable in 2007 and 2006.

Selling, General And Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 17 of net sales for 2007 and 2006.
These expenses increased by 3,369,000, or 11 , while sales increased 14 from prior year. Without
MTE, selling, general and administrative expenses would have increased by 879,000, or 3 , on a
sales increase of 4 . SLPE recorded a 1,476,000, or 11 , decrease in selling, general and
administrative costs on a sales increase of 4 , primarily related to reduced salaries, reduced
travel expenses and the elimination of redundant general and administrative functions. SL-MTI
recorded a 443,000, or 22 , increase in selling, general and administrative costs, due to
increased sales volume and bonus accruals. RFL recorded a 106,000, or 2 , increase in selling,
general and administrative costs. As mentioned previously, RFL recorded a benefit of 341,000 in
2007 related to certain insurance policies. Without this benefit, selling, general and
administrative costs would have increased by 447,000 as a result of increased commissions, pension
plan matching costs and bonus accruals. Teal incurred increased costs of 233,000, or 7 , on a
sales increase of 2 . The increase at Teal was primarily due to stock-based compensation
arrangements and bonus accruals. The Corporate and Other selling, general and
administrative expenses increased by 1,299,000, which was attributable to stock-based compensation
arrangements, bonus expenses, consulting fees and professional services associated with litigation,
compliance reviews and international tax and planning advice. These increases were partially offset
by a 224,000 credit related to the Company s insurance programs recorded in the second quarter of
2007.

Page 35 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation And Amortization Expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expenses in 2007 were 3,600,000, an increase of approximately
 995,000, or 38 . This increase was primarily related to the increase in amortization expense
related to the Ault and MTE acquisitions, which were recorded for a full year in 2007. Amortization
expense of intangibles for Ault and MTE amounted to 413,000 and 508,000, respectively.
Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 2 of net sales for each of 2007 and 2006.

Amortization Of Deferred Financing Costs 

In connection with entering into its 2005 Credit Facility on August 3, 2005, the Company incurred
costs of approximately 258,000. These costs were deferred and amortized over three years.

Interest Income (Expense) 

In 2007, interest income was 47,000, compared to 35,000 in 2006. Interest expense in 2007 was
 855,000, compared to 744,000 in 2006. The increase in interest expense for 2007 is related to the
increased debt levels incurred to finance the acquisitions of Ault and MTE.

Taxes 

The effective tax rate for 2007 was approximately 32 . In 2006, the effective tax rate was 33 . The
rates for both periods reflect the statutory rate after adjustments for state and international tax
provisions, offset by the recording of benefits from research and development tax credits and
foreign tax credits. The benefit rate related to the recording of research and development tax
credits was 5 for both 2007 and 2006. The effective tax rate was nominally affected by foreign tax
credits in 2007 and 2006.

Discontinued Operations 

During 2007, the Company recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, of 1,863,000.
These charges related to ongoing environmental remediation and legal costs. In 2006, the Company
recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, of 3,307,000. This amount consisted
primarily of estimated environmental remediation liabilities of 2,480,000 , net of tax, related to
the Pennsauken Site. For a discussion of potential environmental liabilities, see Item 3. Legal
Proceedings included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other costs are related to
ongoing environmental and legal charges incurred during the year.

Inflation 

Management does not believe that inflation has had a material effect on the Company s operations
and financial condition. Management cannot be sure that operations will not be affected by
inflation in the future.

New Accounting Pronouncements To Be Adopted 

For a discussion on the impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see New Accounting
Standards in the Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Page 36 

Table of Contents 

Environmental 

See Item 3. Legal Proceedings in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates.
Changes in the market interest rate affect both interest paid and earned by the Company. The
Company s average debt outstanding in fiscal 2008 was 4,050,000 with a weighted average interest
rate of 4.09 , compared to an average debt outstanding of 13,035,000 in fiscal 2007 with a
weighted average interest rate of 6.38 . Changes in interest rates did not have a material impact
on the Company. The Company manufactures a significant portion of its products in Mexico and China
and purchases some components in foreign markets. All other foreign market component purchases are
primarily invoiced in U.S. dollars. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did have some impact
on earnings for 2008, particularly the appreciation of Chinese yuan strengthened to the U.S. Dollar
beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2008. Borrowings under the 2008 Credit Facility bear
interest, at the Company s option, at the British Bankers Association LIBOR rate plus 1.75 to
3.25 , or a base rate, which is the higher of (i) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 or (ii) Bank of
America, N.A. s publicly announced prime rate, plus a margin rate ranging from 0 to 1.0 . The
margin rates are based on certain leverage ratios, as provided in the facility documents. The
Company is subject to compliance with certain financial covenants set forth in the 2008 Credit
Facility, including a maximum ratio of total funded indebtedness to EBITDA, minimum levels of
interest coverage and net worth and limitation on capital expenditures, as defined. The Company s
obligations under the 2008 Credit Facility are secured by the grant of security interests in
substantially all of its respective assets. The Company had no outstanding borrowings under the
above 2008 Credit Facility at December 31, 2008.

See generally, Item 1A. Business Risk Factors and Item 1. Business Foreign Operations in
Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated Financial Statements and supplementary data, together with the report of Grant
Thornton LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, are included in Part IV of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 

None.

Page 37 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation Of Disclosure Controls And Procedures 

The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15e promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This conclusion was based on the material weakness
indentified in the Company s internal control over financial reporting related to inventory existence and recording at
MTE, as noted below. Such controls and procedures are designed to ensure that all material information required to be
disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and that all such information is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported as specified in the rules and forms of the SEC.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the
Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and
fair presentation of published financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States GAAP ).

The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
Company s transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets;

provide reasonable assurance that the Company s transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of the Company s financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and the
Company s directors; and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect every potential
misstatement. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurances with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may decline.

The Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31,
2008 and concluded that such internal control over financial reporting was not effective with respect to the material
weakness described below.

Page 38 

Table of Contents 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, management identified the following material
weakness:

Inventory Existence and Recording 

The Company s management concluded that the controls over inventory tracking and recording at MTE had significant
control deficiencies. In particular, errors were detected in the following areas; (i) tracking the movement of
inventory from various production and warehouse locations; (ii) recording all required journal entries; (iii) counting
of all inventory items; and (iv) reconciling detailed physical inventory reports to the general ledger. Due to the
number and magnitude of events in which the Company s internal controls and procedures were not followed at MTE,
management concluded that these internal control deficiencies constitute a material weakness in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting.

Remediation and Changes in Internal Control 

Management commenced a number of efforts to remediate the weaknesses noted above. These efforts will continue
throughout fiscal 2009 and include the following:

re-establish a full cycle count program to be carried out daily by well trained and competent individuals;

elevate staffing qualifications at MTE;

hire a Director of Operations with appropriate materials and manufacturing experience;

review corporate accounting policies and procedures with each member of all accounting staffs at all
locations throughout the Company; and

increase oversight of MTE, including conducting internal audit reviews, by the corporate staff.

During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2008, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, such internal control
over financial reporting.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s
registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that require only management s report in this
Annual Report.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Apart from certain information concerning the Company s executive officers, which is set forth in
Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information required under this Item is incorporated
herein by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2009
Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable
information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable
information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Page 39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable
information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable
information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) Financial Statements 

The information required by this Item is included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, together with the report of Grant
Thornton LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, are filed as part of this Report. See
Index at page F-1 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

(a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

The following financial statement schedule for the years ended December 31, 2008, December 31, 2007
and December 31, 2006 are submitted herewith:

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

All other schedules are omitted because (a) the required information is shown elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, or (b) they are inapplicable, or (c) they are not required.

See Index at page F-1 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

(a) (3) Exhibits 

The information required by this Item is listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

Page 40 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

SL INDUSTRIES, INC. 
(Company)

By:

/s/ James C. Taylor

Date: April 13, 2009 

James C. Taylor

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the
date indicated.

By:

/s/ Glen M. Kassan

Date: April 13, 2009 

Glen M. Kassan Chairman of the Board

By:

/s/ James C. Taylor

Date: April 13, 2009 

James C. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By:

/s/ David R. Nuzzo

Date: April 13, 2009 

David R. Nuzzo Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer,

Treasurer and Secretary 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By:

/s/ J. Dwane Baumgardner

Date: April 13, 2009 

J. Dwane Baumgardner Director

By:

/s/ Avrum Gray

Date: April 13, 2009 

Avrum Gray Director

By:

/s/ James R. Henderson

Date: April 13, 2009 

James R. Henderson Director

By:

/s/ James A. Risher

Date: April 13, 2009 

James A. Risher Director

By:

/s/ Mark E. Schwarz

Date: April 13, 2009 

Mark E. Schwarz Director

By:

/s/ John H. McNamara

Date: April 13, 2009 

John H. McNamara Director

Page 41 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

The exhibit number, description and sequential page number in the original copy of this document
where exhibits can be found as follows:

Exhibit # 
 
 Description 

2.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement by and among SL Industries, Inc.,
SL Industries Vertrieb GmbH, and DCX-Chol Holding GmbH, DCX-Chol
Enterprises, Inc. and Chol Enterprises, Inc. dated as of January 3, 2003.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2003.

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 16, 2005, by and among SL
Industries, Inc., Lakers Acquisition Corp. and Ault Incorporated. Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2005.

2.3 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2006 by and among SL Industries, Inc., Norbert
D. Miller, Revocable Living Trust of Fred A. Lewis and Margaret Lange-Lewis U/A dated January 28,
1993, as Amended and Restated as of October 31, 2001 and the Einhorn Family Foundation.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K/A filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2006.

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

3.2 

Restated By-Laws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

10.1 

Supplemental Compensation Agreement for the Benefit of Byrne Litschgi.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November
9, 1990.

10.2

1988 Deferred Compensation Agreement with a Certain Officer. Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 1990.

10.3 

1991 Long Term Incentive Plan of SL Industries, Inc., as amended, is
incorporated by reference to Appendix to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 1995 Annual
Meeting held November 17, 1995, previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

10.4 

Capital Accumulation Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form
10K/A for the fiscal period ended July 31, 1994.

10.5 

Change-in-Control Agreement, dated May 1, 2001, between the Teal Electronics
Corporation and James C. Taylor. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

10.6 

Amendment
to Change-in-Control Agreement, dated December 22, 2008, to the Change-in-Control Agreement, dated May 1, 2001, between the Teal Electronics Corporation and James C.
Taylor (transmitted herewith).

10.7 

Bonus Agreement dated August 5, 2002 between the Company and James C. Taylor.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003.

Page 42 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit # 
 
 Description 

10.8 

Management Agreement dated as of January 23, 2002 between the Company and Steel
Partners, Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

10.9 

Amended And Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 23, 2008, among Bank of
America, N.A., as Agent, various financial institutions party hereto from time to time, as
Lenders, SL Industries, Inc., as the parent borrower and, SL Delaware, Inc., SL Delaware
Holdings, Inc., MTE Corporation, RFL Electronics Inc., SL Montevideo Technology, Inc., Cedar
Corporation, Teal Electronics Corporation, MEX Holdings LLC, SL Power Electronics Corporation,
SLGC Holdings, Inc., SLW Holdings, Inc., SL Auburn, Inc., and SL Surface Technologies, Inc. as
subsidiary borrowers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on
Form 10-Q dated November 10, 2008.

14 

Code of Conduct and Ethics. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company (transmitted herewith).

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (transmitted herewith).

31.1 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (transmitted herewith).

31.2 

Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (transmitted herewith).

32 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (transmitted herewith).

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Page 43 

Table of Contents 

SL Industries, Inc.

Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule

Page number 

in this report 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F3 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

F4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

F4 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

F5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F7 to F36 

Financial Statement Schedule:

II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

F37 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
SL Industries, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SL Industries, Inc. and its
subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the related consolidated statements
of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control
over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An
audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of SL Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December
31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole. Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, is
presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the basic consolidated
financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the
audits of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, is fairly stated in all
material respects in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
April 14, 2009

F-2 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Financial Statements

SL INDUSTRIES, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

504,000 

733,000 

Receivables, net

25,496,000 

30,068,000 

Inventories, net

21,578,000 

22,242,000 

Prepaid expenses

1,059,000 

959,000 

Deferred income taxes, net

5,004,000 

4,302,000 

Total current assets

53,641,000 

58,304,000 

Property, plant and equipment, net

10,648,000 

11,047,000 

Deferred income taxes, net

6,701,000 

5,148,000 

Goodwill

22,769,000 

22,006,000 

Other intangible assets, net

5,831,000 

6,741,000 

Other assets and deferred charges

1,696,000 

1,427,000 

Total assets

101,286,000 

104,673,000 

LIABILITIES

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

9,942,000 

12,612,000 

Accrued income taxes

3,922,000 

495,000 

Accrued liabilities

Payroll and related costs

5,259,000 

7,948,000 

Other

7,296,000 

6,643,000 

Total current liabilities

26,419,000 

27,698,000 

Debt

6,000,000 

Deferred compensation and supplemental retirement benefits

2,681,000 

2,812,000 

Other liabilities

7,326,000 

6,534,000 

Total liabilities

36,426,000 

43,044,000 

Commitments and contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Preferred stock, no par value; authorized, 6,000,000 shares; none issued

Common stock, .20 par value; authorized, 25,000,000 shares;
issued, 8,298,000 shares

1,660,000 

1,660,000 

Capital in excess of par value

43,651,000 

42,999,000 

Retained earnings

39,135,000 

36,801,000 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)

(118,000) 

(70,000) 

Treasury stock at cost, 2,391,000 and 2,449,000 shares, respectively

(19,468,000) 

(19,761,000) 

Total shareholders equity

64,860,000 

61,629,000 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

101,286,000 

104,673,000 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

SL INDUSTRIES, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net sales

185,954,000 

200,863,000 

176,773,000 

Cost and expenses:

Cost of products sold

129,473,000 

134,394,000 

120,125,000 

Engineering and product development

13,972,000 

12,791,000 

12,300,000 

Selling, general and administrative

30,867,000 

34,059,000 

30,690,000 

Depreciation and amortization

3,652,000 

3,600,000 

2,605,000 

Restructuring costs

677,000 

Total cost and expenses

178,641,000 

184,844,000 

165,720,000 

Income from operations

7,313,000 

16,019,000 

11,053,000 

Other income (expense):

Amortization of deferred financing costs

(77,000) 

(88,000) 

(88,000) 

Interest income

28,000 

47,000 

35,000 

Interest expense

(237,000) 

(855,000) 

(744,000) 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes

7,027,000 

15,123,000 

10,256,000 

Income tax provision

2,391,000 

4,849,000 

3,396,000 

Income from continuing operations

4,636,000 

10,274,000 

6,860,000 

(Loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax)

(2,302,000) 

(1,863,000) 

(3,307,000) 

Net income

2,334,000 

8,411,000 

3,553,000 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

Income from continuing operations

0.79 

1.80 

1.22 

(Loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax)

(0.39) 

(0.33) 

(0.59) 

Net income

0.40 

1.47 

0.63 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

Income from continuing operations

0.78 

1.75 

1.18 

(Loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax)

(0.39) 

(0.32) 

(0.57) 

Net income

0.39 

1.43 

0.61 

Shares used in computing basic net income (loss)
per common share

5,868,000 

5,714,000 

5,632,000 

Shares used in computing diluted net income (loss)
per common share

5,948,000 

5,876,000 

5,823,000 

SL INDUSTRIES, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net income

2,334,000 

8,411,000 

3,553,000 

Other comprehensive income (net of tax):

Foreign currency translation

(48,000) 

(27,000) 

(19,000) 

Unrealized (loss) on securities

(67,000) 

Comprehensive income

2,286,000 

8,384,000 

3,467,000 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

SL
INDUSTRIES, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006, 2007 AND 2008

Accumulated 

Common Stock 

Capital in 

Other 

Issued 

Held In Treasury 

Excess of 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Par Value 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Balance December 31, 2005 

8,298,000 

1,660,000 

(2,701,000) 

(20,055,000) 

40,136,000 

24,837,000 

67,000 

Net income

3,553,000 

Foreign currency translation

(29,000) 

Investments available for sale

(67,000) 

Other, including exercise of
employee stock options and
related income tax benefits

92,000 

691,000 

515,000 

Treasury stock sold

27,000 

203,000 

238,000 

Treasury stock purchased

(76,000) 

(1,330,000) 

Balance December 31, 2006 

8,298,000 

1,660,000 

(2,658,000) 

(20,491,000) 

40,889,000 

28,390,000 

(29,000) 

Net income

8,411,000 

Foreign currency translation

(41,000) 

Other, including exercise of
employee stock options and
related income tax benefits

233,000 

1,857,000 

1,381,000 

Treasury stock sold

83,000 

655,000 

729,000 

Stock repurchase plan

(12,000) 

(177,000) 

Treasury stock purchased

(95,000) 

(1,605,000) 

Balance December 31, 2007 

8,298,000 

1,660,000 

(2,449,000) 

(19,761,000) 

42,999,000 

36,801,000 

(70,000) 

Net income

2,334,000 

Foreign currency translation

(48,000) 

Other, including exercise of
employee stock options and
related income tax benefits

4,000 

34,000 

27,000 

Stock-based compensation

317,000 

Treasury stock sold

84,000 

684,000 

308,000 

Treasury stock purchased

(30,000) 

(425,000) 

Balance December 31, 2008 

8,298,000 

1,660,000 

(2,391,000) 

(19,468,000) 

43,651,000 

39,135,000 

(118,000) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

SL INDUSTRIES, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,

2008 

2007 

2006 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income

2,334,000 

8,411,000 

3,553,000 

Adjustment for losses from discontinued operations

2,302,000 

1,863,000 

3,307,000 

Income from continuing operations

4,636,000 

10,274,000 

6,860,000 

Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations
to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation

2,218,000 

2,216,000 

2,129,000 

Amortization

1,434,000 

1,384,000 

476,000 

Amortization of deferred financing costs

77,000 

88,000 

88,000 

Stock-based compensation

317,000 

71,000 

Non-cash compensation (benefit) expense

(655,000) 

638,000 

39,000 

Non-cash restructuring

170,000 

Provisions for (recoveries of) losses on accounts receivable

(169,000) 

35,000 

(173,000) 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies

(13,000) 

(29,000) 

11,000 

Deferred compensation and supplemental retirement benefits

431,000 

454,000 

452,000 

Deferred compensation and supplemental retirement benefit payments

(543,000) 

(520,000) 

(1,397,000) 

Deferred income taxes

(3,319,000) 

(183,000) 

(942,000) 

Loss on sales of equipment

159,000 

79,000 

16,000 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding effects of business
combinations and dispositions:

Accounts receivable

4,809,000 

557,000 

(5,104,000) 

Note receivable

561,000 

1,125,000 

Inventories

664,000 

(1,152,000) 

305,000 

Prepaid expenses

(100,000) 

617,000 

(87,000) 

Other assets

91,000 

451,000 

Accounts payable

(2,358,000) 

(1,290,000) 

(1,320,000) 

Other accrued liabilities

(2,645,000) 

1,246,000 

432,000 

Accrued income taxes

4,842,000 

257,000 

2,895,000 

Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations

10,046,000 

15,232,000 

6,327,000 

Net cash (used in) operating activities from discontinued operations

(1,680,000) 

(2,165,000) 

(768,000) 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES

8,366,000 

13,067,000 

5,559,000 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired

(65,000) 

(31,766,000) 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

(2,426,000) 

(1,742,000) 

(3,055,000) 

Purchases of other assets

(8,000) 

(283,000) 

Proceeds from sale of equipment

18,000 

NET CASH (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES

(2,434,000) 

(2,090,000) 

(34,803,000) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from Revolving Credit Facility

20,440,000 

22,570,000 

55,163,000 

Payments of Revolving Credit Facility

(26,440,000) 

(36,370,000) 

(35,363,000) 

Payments of deferred financing costs

(551,000) 

Proceeds from stock options exercised

54,000 

2,654,000 

930,000 

Tax benefit from exercise of stock options

7,000 

584,000 

204,000 

Treasury stock sales (purchases), net

567,000 

(398,000) 

(889,000) 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES

(5,923,000) 

(10,960,000) 

20,045,000 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

(238,000) 

(41,000) 

(29,000) 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

(229,000) 

(24,000) 

(9,228,000) 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD

733,000 

757,000 

9,985,000 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD

504,000 

733,000 

757,000 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies 

Background: SL Industries, Inc. (the Company ), a New Jersey corporation, through its
subsidiaries, designs, manufactures and markets power electronics, motion control, power
protection, power quality electromagnetic products and specialized communication equipment that is
used in a variety of medical, commercial and military aerospace, computer, datacom, industrial,
telecom, transportation and utility equipment applications. Its products are incorporated into
larger systems to increase operating safety, reliability and efficiency. The Company s products are
largely sold to original equipment manufacturers, the electric utility industry, and, to a lesser
extent, commercial distributors. The Company s customer base is primarily located in the United
States. The Company s operating subsidiaries are described and defined in Notes 15 and 16. The
Company s discontinued operations are described and defined in Note 2.

Basis Of Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

Cash Equivalents: The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with an original
maturity date of three months or less and investments in money market accounts to be cash
equivalents. At December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, cash and cash equivalents held in the
United States are held principally at one financial institution.

Revenue Recognition: Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, when
title and risk of ownership passes, the sales price is fixed or determined and collectibility is
reasonably assured. Generally, those criteria are met at the time the product is shipped.
Provisions are made at the time the related revenue is recognized for product returns, product
warranties, rebates, certain stock scrap programs with distributors and other sales incentives
offered by the Company to its customers. Freight revenues billed to customers are included in net
sales and expenses for shipping products are included in cost of sales.

Accounts Receivable: The Company s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables and
are reported net of allowances for doubtful accounts of approximately 621,000 and 865,000 as of
December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively. The Company s estimate for the allowance for
doubtful accounts related to trade receivables is based on two methods. The amounts calculated from
each of these methods are combined to determine the total amount reserved. First, the Company
evaluates specific accounts where it has information that the customer may have an inability to
meet its financial obligations (e.g., bankruptcy or insolvency). In these cases, the Company uses
its judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, and records a specific reserve
for that customer against amounts due to reduce the receivable to the amount that is expected to be
collected. These specific reserves are reevaluated and adjusted as additional information is
received that impacts the amount reserved. Second, a general reserve is established for all
customers based on several factors, including historical write-offs as a percentage of sales and
anticipated returns related to customer receivables. If circumstances change (e.g., higher than
expected defaults or an unexpected material
adverse change in a major customer s ability to meet its financial obligation), the Company s
estimates of the recoverability of amounts due could be reduced by a material amount.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

Inventories: Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is primarily determined
using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Cost for certain inventories is determined using the
last-in, first-out LIFO method. The Company s carrying cost of inventory is valued at the lower
of cost or market as the Company continually reviews the book value of discontinued product lines
to determine if these items are properly valued. The Company identifies these items and assesses
the ability to dispose of them at a price greater than cost. If it is determined that cost is less
than market value, then cost is used for inventory valuation. If market value is less than cost,
then related inventory is adjusted to that value. If a write down to the current market value is
necessary, the market value cannot be greater than the net realizable value, defined as selling
price less costs to complete and dispose and cannot be lower than the net realizable value less a
normal profit margin. The Company also continually evaluates the composition of its inventory and
identifies slow-moving and excess inventories. Inventory items identified as slow-moving or excess
are evaluated to determine if reserves are required. If the Company is not able to achieve its
expectations of the net realizable value of the inventory at current value, it would adjust its
reserves accordingly.

Property, Plant And Equipment: Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost and include
expenditures for new facilities and major renewals and betterments. Maintenance, repairs and minor
renewals are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, any
gain or loss is recognized currently. Depreciation is provided primarily using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from 25 to 40 years for
buildings, 3 to 15 years for equipment and other property, and the lesser of the lease term or life
of the asset for leasehold improvements.

Goodwill And Other Intangibles: The Company follows Financial Accounting Standards Board (the
 FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets SFAS 142 ), which requires that goodwill and certain other intangible assets having indefinite
lives will no longer be amortized to earnings, but instead be subject to periodic testing for
impairment. Intangible assets determined to have definitive lives will continue to be amortized
over their estimated useful lives.

Long-Lived
Assets: The Company evaluates the recoverability of its long-lived assets in accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal
of Long-Lived Assets SFAS 144 ), which supersedes Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No.
121, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-lived Assets and for Long-lived Assets to be Disposed
of. Accordingly, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable, the Company assesses the recoverability of the asset either by estimated
cash flows or independent appraisals.

Environmental Expenditures: Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are
charged to expense or capitalized, as appropriate. Environmental expenditures that relate to former
business units are reported as part of discontinued operations. Liabilities are recorded when
remedial efforts are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The liability for
remediation expenditures includes elements of costs such as site investigations, consultants fees,
feasibility studies, outside contractor expenses and monitoring expenses. Estimates are not
discounted, and are not reduced by potential
claims for recovery from the Company s insurance carriers. The liability is periodically reviewed
and adjusted to reflect current remediation progress, prospective estimates of required activity
and other relevant factors including changes in technology or regulations.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

Debt Issuance Costs: Costs incurred in securing long-term debt are deferred and amortized on a
straight-line basis over the term of the related debt.

Product Warranty Costs: The Company offers various warranties on its products. The Company provides
for its estimated future warranty obligations in the period in which the related sale is recognized
primarily based on historical experience. For 2008, 2007 and 2006, these expenses were 898,000,
 561,000 and 642,000, respectively.

Advertising Costs: Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. For 2008, 2007 and 2006, these costs
were 245,000, 496,000 and 529,000, respectively.

Research And Development Costs: Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. For 2008,
2007 and 2006, these costs were 3,287,000, 3,094,000 and 3,040,000, respectively.

Income Taxes: The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future
tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the
tax basis of assets and liabilities. The Company establishes valuation allowances if the Company
believes that it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The Company does not recognize a tax benefit unless it is more likely than not that the benefit
will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based on the merits of the associated tax
position. If the recognition threshold is met, the Company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the
largest amount of the tax benefit that, based on the Company s judgment, is greater than fifty
percent likely to be realized. The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense.

Foreign Currency Conversion: Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated from local
currency to U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the end of the fiscal period.
Gains and losses from the translation of foreign operations are included in accumulated other
comprehensive (loss) on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue and expenses are
translated at average monthly exchange rates. Transaction gains and losses arising from currency
exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the local currency
are included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income.

Use Of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The most significant areas that
require the use of management estimates relate to product warranty costs, accrued liabilities
related to litigation, allowance for doubtful accounts, allowance for inventory obsolescence and
environmental costs.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

Net Income Per Common Share: The Company has presented net income per common share pursuant to FASB
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 128, Earnings per Share. Basic net income per
common share is computed by dividing reported net income available to common shareholders by the
weighted average number of shares outstanding for the period.

Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing reported net income available to common
shareholders by the weighted average shares outstanding for the period, adjusted for the dilutive
effect of common stock equivalents, which consist of stock options, using the treasury stock
method.

The table below sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share:

Net Income 

Shares 

Per Share Amount 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2008:

Basic net income per common share

2,334 

5,868 

0.40 

Effect of dilutive securities

80 

(0.01) 

Diluted net income per common share

2,334 

5,948 

0.39 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2007:

Basic net income per common share

8,411 

5,714 

1.47 

Effect of dilutive securities

162 

(0.04) 

Diluted net income per common share

8,411 

5,876 

1.43 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2006:

Basic net income per common share

3,553 

5,632 

0.63 

Effect of dilutive securities

191 

(0.02) 

Diluted net income per common share

3,553 

5,823 

0.61 

For the years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, no stock options were excluded from
the dilutive computations because there were no option exercise prices greater than the average
market price of the Company s common stock.

Stock Based Compensation: Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment SFAS 123(R) ), using the modified
prospective application method. Prior to adopting SFAS 123(R), the Company followed the intrinsic
value method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation in accordance with Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, APB 25 and related
interpretations.

The Company maintains two shareholder approved stock option plans that have expired; however, stock
options issued under each plan remain outstanding: the Non-Employee Director Nonqualified Stock
Option Plan (the Director Plan and the Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 1991 Incentive Plan ).

F-10 

Table of Contents 

The Director Plan provided for the granting of nonqualified options to purchase up to 250,000
shares of the Company s common stock to non-employee directors of the Company in lieu of paying
quarterly
retainer fees and regular quarterly meeting attendance fees, when elected. The Director Plan
enabled the Company to grant options, with an exercise price per share not less than fair market
value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, which are exercisable at any time. Each
option granted under the Director Plan expires no later than ten years from date of grant. The
expiration date of the Director Plan was May 31, 2003. The 1991 Incentive Plan enabled the Company
to grant either nonqualified options, with an exercise price per share established by the Board s
Compensation Committee, or incentive stock options, with an exercise price per share not less than
the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, which are exercisable at
any time. Each option granted under the 1991 Incentive Plan expires no later than ten years from
date of grant. The Plan expired on September 25, 2001 and no future options can be granted under
the Plan.

On May 14, 2008, the shareholders approved the 2008 Incentive Stock Plan (the 2008 Plan ). It is
intended as an incentive to retain directors, key employees and advisors of the Company. The 2008
Plan provides for up to 315,000 shares of the Company s common stock that may be subject to options
and stock appreciation rights. The 2008 Plan enables the Company to grant options with an exercise
price per share not less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the business
day immediately prior to the date of the grant. Options granted under the 2008 Plan are exercisable
no later than ten years after the grant date.

On September 29, 2008, the Company granted 155,000 incentive options to select executives and a key
employee under the Company s 2008 Plan. The options issued vest in three equal installments, with
the first installment vesting on the date of the grant and the remaining two installments each
vesting on the second and third anniversary of the grant. Compensation expense is recognized over
the vesting period of the options. The Company recorded 317,000 in compensation expense in the
consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2008. As of December 31, 2008,
there was a total of 442,000 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested
stock options. The cost is expected to be recorded over a period of two years. No options were
granted; therefore, no compensation expense was recorded during the same period in 2007.

There were no incentive stock options issued in 2007 and 2006. During 2005, the Company issued, to
a newly retained executive, 25,000 incentive stock options in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. At December 31, 2006, approximately 12,000
of these options were vested. These options were forfeited, unexercised, in March 2007.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, the Company recognized stock-based employee
compensation expense of 317,000, less a related income tax benefit of approximately 115,000 under
the provisions of SFAS 123(R). Also under the standard, excess income tax benefits related to
share-based compensation expense that must be recognized directly in equity are treated as cash
flow from financing rather than operating activities. For the twelve months ended December 31,
2007, the Company did not recognize any stock-based employee compensation expense related to stock
options under the provisions of SFAS 123(R). However, the Company has recognized a benefit of
approximately 655,000 and an expense of approximately 638,000 in the years ended December 31,
2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively, in compensation expense related to certain stock-based
compensation arrangements which are accounted for on a variable plan basis.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2008 

Expected dividend yield

0 

Expected stock price volatility

42.52 

Risk-free interest rate

3.12 

Expected life of stock option

4.25 years 

At December 31, 2008, there was 442,000 of unrecognized compensation expense associated with
unvested stock options. At December 31, 2007, there was no unrecognized compensation expense
associated with unvested stock options. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31,
2007, the total intrinsic value of options exercised was 26,000 and 2,094,000, respectively, and
the actual tax benefit realized for the tax deduction from these option exercises was 7,000 and
 584,000, respectively.

Stock Options: The following table summarizes the Company s Director Plan for fiscal years 2006
through 2008.

As of December 31, 2008, there were no shares available for grant.

Shares 

Weighted Average 

(in thousands) 

Option Price 
 
 Exercise Price 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2005

134 

6.00 to 14.625 

7.40 

Exercised

(11) 
 
 6.875 to 10.50 

8.26 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2006

123 

6.00 to 14.625 

7.32 

Exercised

(5) 
 
 7.1875 to 13.6875 

9.53 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2007

118 

6.00 to 14.625 

7.23 

Exercised

(3) 
 
 12.0313 to 14.625 

13.24 

Cancelled

(4) 
 
 11.1563 to 14.625 

13.26 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2008

111 

6.00 to 12.9375 

6.86 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

The
following table summarizes information for fiscal years 2006 through 2008 related to the 1991 Incentive Plan and the options issued in 2005:

Shares 

Weighted Average 

(in thousands) 

Option Price 

Exercise Price 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2005

499 

5.75 to 17.01 

11.21 

Exercised

(81) 

5.75 to 13.50 

10.36 

Cancelled

(13) 

17.01 to 17.01 

17.01 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2006

405 

5.75 to 17.01 

11.20 

Exercised

(228) 

5.75 to 13.50 

11.45 

Cancelled

(29) 

5.75 to 17.01 

13.54 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2007

148 

5.75 to 13.50 

10.37 

Exercised

(1) 

11.125 to 11.125 

11.13 

Cancelled

(8) 

11.125 to 11.125 

11.13 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2008

139 

5.75 to 13.50 

10.32 

The following table summarizes the Company s 2008 Plan for fiscal year 2008:

Shares 

Weighted Average 

(in thousands) 

Option Price 
 
 Exercise Price 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2007

Granted

155 

12.80 to 12.80 

12.80 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2008

155 

12.80 to 12.80 

12.80 

The number of shares exercisable as of December 31, 2008 was 52,000.

Transactions from December 31, 2005 through December 31, 2008, under the above plans, were as
follows:

Weighted 

Average Life 

Shares 

Weighted Average 

Remaining 

(in thousands) 

Option Price 
 
 Exercise Price 

(years) 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2005

633 

5.75 to 17.01 

10.406 

4.78 

Exercised

(92) 
 
 5.75 to 13.50 

10.11 

Cancelled

(13) 
 
 17.01 to 17.01 

17.01 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2006

528 

5.75 to 17.01 

10.302 

3.80 

Exercised

(233) 
 
 5.75 to 13.6875 

11.40 

Cancelled

(29) 
 
 5.75 to 17.01 

13.54 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2007

266 

5.75 to 14.625 

8.976 

3.52 

Granted

155 

12.80 to 12.80 

12.80 

Exercised

(4) 
 
 11.125 to 14.625 

12.62 

Cancelled

(12) 
 
 11.125 to 14.625 

11.82 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2008

405 

5.75 to 13.50 

10.322 

4.24 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2008

302 

5.75 to 13.50 

9.474 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

The following tables list the outstanding options and exercisable options as of December 31, 2008,
into three ranges:

Weighted Average 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Range of Option Prices per 
 
 Weighted Average 

Life Remaining 

(in thousands) 
 
 Share 
 
 Exercise Price 

(years) 

132

5.75 to 8.04 

5.968 

3.7 

52

8.10 to 12.15 

11.064 

1.4 

221

12.1563 to 13.50 

12.739 

5.3 

405

Options Exercisable 
 
 Range of Option Prices per 
 
 Weighted Average 

(in thousands) 
 
 Share 
 
 Exercise Price 

132

5.75 to 8.04 

5.968 

52

8.10 to 12.15 

11.064 

118

12.1563 to 13.50 

12.685 

302

New Accounting Standards 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2007, the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force EITF published Issue No. 07-3 Accounting for
Nonrefundable Advance Payments for Goods or Services to Be Used in Future Research and Development
Activities. The EITF reached a consensus that these payments made by an entity to third parties
should be deferred and capitalized. Such amounts should be recognized as an expense as the related
goods are delivered or the related services are performed. Entities should report the effects of
applying this Issue as a change in accounting principle through a cumulative-effect adjustment to
retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption. EITF Issue No. 07-3 was effective
for the Company beginning on January 1, 2008. Earlier application was not permitted. The Company
adopted the provisions of EITF Issue No. 07-3, which did not have an impact on the Company s financial
position or results of operations.

In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 159 The Fair
Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities SFAS 159 ). The Statement provides
companies an option to report certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. The intent of
SFAS 159 is to reduce the complexity in accounting for financial instruments and the volatility in
earnings caused by measuring related assets and liabilities differently. SFAS 159 was effective for
financial statements issued for fiscal years after November 15, 2007; as a result, it was effective
for the Company s fiscal year beginning January 1, 2008. The Company decided not to apply the fair
value option to any of its outstanding instruments and, therefore, SFAS 159 did not have an impact
on its consolidated financial statements.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (Revised 2007) Business Combinations SFAS
141R ). SFAS 141R will significantly change the accounting for business combinations. Under SFAS
141R, an acquiring entity will be required to recognize all the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in a transaction at the acquisition date fair value with limited exceptions. SFAS 141R will
change the accounting treatment for certain specific acquisition related items including (1)
earn-outs and other forms of contingent consideration will be recorded at fair value on the
acquisition date, (2) acquisition costs will generally be expensed as incurred, (3) restructuring
costs will generally be expensed as incurred, (4) in-process research and development will be
recorded at fair value as an indefinite-lived intangible asset at the acquisition date, and (5)
changes in accounting for deferred tax asset valuation allowances and acquired income tax
uncertainties after the measurement period will impact income tax expense. SFAS 141R also includes
a substantial number of new disclosure requirements. SFAS 141R is to be applied prospectively to
business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first
annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008 (January 1, 2009 for the Company).
Early adoption of SFAS 141R is prohibited. The Company expects that SFAS 141R will have an impact
on accounting for future business combinations once adopted, but the effect is dependent upon the
acquisitions that are made in the future.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160 Non-controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51 SFAS 160 ). SFAS 160 establishes new accounting and
reporting standards for non-controlling interest, sometimes called a minority interest, in a
subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. It clarifies that a non-controlling
interest in a subsidiary is an ownership interest in the consolidated entity that should be
reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements and separate from the parent company s
equity. Among other requirements, this statement requires that consolidated net income (loss) be
reported at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the
non-controlling interest and that they be clearly identified and presented on the face of the
consolidated statement of operations. This statement is effective for fiscal years and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008 (January 1, 2009 for the
Company). Earlier adoption is prohibited. The Company does not expect that adoption of SFAS 160
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 157 Fair Value
Measurements SFAS 157 ). SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value
measurements. The statement does not require new fair value measurements, but is applied to the
extent that other accounting pronouncements require or permit fair value measurements. The
statement emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based
on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. Companies
will be required to disclose the extent to which fair value is used to measure assets and
liabilities, the inputs used to develop the measurements, and the effect of certain of the
measurements on earnings (or changes in net assets) for the period. In February 2008, the FASB
issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. FAS 157-1 and FAS 157-2. FSP 157-1 amends SFAS 157 to exclude
SFAS No. 13 Accounting for Leases and other accounting pronouncements that address fair value
measurements for purposes of lease classifications or measurement under SFAS 13. FSP 157-2 delays
the effective date of SFAS 157 for nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except for
items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis (at least annually). FSP 157-2 defers the effective date of SFAS No. 157 to fiscal years
beginning after November 15, 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years for items within
its scope. Effective for the first quarter of fiscal 2009, the Company will adopt the provisions of
157-2 for non-financial assets and liabilities, except for items that are recognized or disclosed
at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The adoption of SFAS 157 for
financial assets and liabilities did not have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

In March 2008, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 161 Disclosures
about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities an amendment to SFAS No. 133 SFAS No. 161 ).
This statement changes the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and hedging
instruments. Entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures about (1) how and why an entity
uses derivative instruments, (2) how derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted
for under SFAS 133 and its related interpretations, and (3) how derivative instruments and related
hedged items affect an entity s financial performance and cash flows. Also, among other
disclosures, this statement requires cross-referencing within footnotes, which should help users of
financial statements locate important information about derivate instruments. SFAS No. 161 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
November 15, 2008, with early adoption encouraged. This statement encourages, but does not require,
comparative disclosures for earlier periods at initial adoption. Based on the Company s current
operations, adoption of SFAS 161 will not have an impact on the Company s financial position and
results of operations but may in the future.

In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 142-3 Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible
Assets FSP 142-3 ). FSP 142-3 amends the factors that should be considered in developing renewal
or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under
FASB 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. The intent of this FSP is to improve the
consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under FASB 142 and the period
of expected cash flows to measure the fair value of the assets under FASB 141 (revised 2007),
 Business Combinations, and other U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). FSP 142-3
is effective for financial statements issued for years beginning after December 15, 2008 and for
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is prohibited. Based on the Company s
current operations, adoption of FSP 142-3 will not have a material impact on the Company s
financial position or results of operations.

In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles SFAS 162 ). SFAS 162 identifies the sources of accounting principles to be used in
the preparation of financial statements of nongovernmental entities that are presented in
conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States (the GAAP hierarchy). SFAS 162
is effective 60 days following the Securities and Exchange Commission approval of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board amendments to AU Section 411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in
Conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The Company currently adheres to the
hierarchy of GAAP as presented in SFAS 162, and does not expect its adoption will have a material
impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

Note 2. Discontinued Operations 

Elektro-Metall Export GmbH 

On January 6, 2003, the Company sold its wholly-owned, indirect German subsidiary, Elektro-Metall
Export GmbH EME ). EME was a producer of electronic actuation devices and cable harness systems
sold to original equipment manufacturers in the aerospace and automotive industries. Its operations
were located in Ingolstadt, Germany and Paks, Hungary. The net income or losses of this subsidiary
are included in the consolidated statements of income under discontinued operations for all periods
presented.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

SL Surface Technologies, Inc. 

On November 24, 2003, the Company sold the operating assets of SL Surface Technologies, Inc. SurfTech ). SurfTech produced industrial coatings and platings for equipment in the corrugated
paper and telecommunications industries. The Company continues to own the land and buildings on
which SurfTech s operations were conducted. As a result of the sale, the Company recorded an after
tax loss of 442,000, which included severance, closing costs and a required contribution to a
union pension plan discussed more fully below. During the third and fourth quarters of 2008, the
Company recorded a 1,500,000 and 750,000 reserve related to estimated environmental remediation
liabilities associated with the past operations of SurfTech (See Note 13). The losses of this
subsidiary, including the reserves noted above, were 2,411,000 in 2008 and 1,817,000 in 2007, net
of tax, and are included in the consolidated statements of income under discontinued operations.

SurfTech had made contributions, based on rates per hour, as specified in two union agreements, to
two union-administered defined benefit multi-employer pension plans. Under the multi-employer
Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980, an employer is liable upon withdrawal from or termination of a
multi-employer plan for its proportionate share of the plan s unfunded vested benefits liability.
At December 31, 2007, the Company s liability related to withdrawal from this plan was
approximately 411,000. This liability was fully paid and discharged on February 8, 2008.

Note 3. Income Taxes 

Income tax provision (benefit) for the fiscal years 2008, 2007 and 2006 is as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Income tax
provision from continuing operations

2,391 

4,849 

3,396 

Income tax (benefit) from discontinued operations

(1,369) 

(1,173) 

(1,986) 

Total

1,022 

3,676 

1,410 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes consists of the following:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

U.S.

5,251 

14,172 

10,241 

Non-U.S.

1,776 

951 

15 

7,027 

15,123 

10,256 

The provision for income taxes from continuing operations consists of the following:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Current:

Federal

3,982 

1,819 

2,455 

International

598 

697 

163 

State

(11) 

575 

212 

Deferred:

Federal

(2,199) 

1,794 

643 

International

(122) 

(251) 

State

21 

86 

174 

2,391 

4,849 

3,396 

The benefit for income taxes related to discontinued operations for 2008 was 1,369,000. The
benefit for income taxes related to discontinued operations for 2007 was 1,173,000.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2008
and December 31, 2007 are as follows:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Deferred tax assets:

Deferred compensation

1,108 

1,225 

Inventory valuation

1,154 

862 

Tax loss carryforward

3,811 

3,806 

Foreign tax credit carryforward

1,687 

752 

R D tax credit carryforward

2,104 

1,924 

Accrued expenses

1,438 

2,062 

Warranty

606 

471 

Other

912 

566 

12,820 

11,668 

Less valuation allowances

(185) 

(934) 

12,635 

10,734 

Deferred tax liabilities:

Accelerated depreciation and amortization

3,893 

3,822 

8,742 

6,912 

Assets liabilities related to discontinued
operations, net

2,963 

2,538 

11,705 

9,450 

The balances of the significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities
as of December 31, 2007 have been reclassified to reflect the tax rates applied to temporary
differences on a Company rather than on a consolidated basis, as well as to more accurately reflect
deferred assets and liabilities in continuing operations. The above reclassifications had no effect
on the total net deferred tax assets.

As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company s gross foreign tax credits totaled
approximately 1,687,000 and 752,000, respectively. These credits can be carried forward for ten
years and expire between 2017 and 2018.

As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company s research and development tax credits
totaled approximately 2,104,000 and 1,924,000, respectively. Of the December 31, 2008 credits,
approximately 1,558,000 can be carried forward for 15 years and expire between 2020 and 2023,
while 546,000 will carry over indefinitely.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

The Company has assessed its past earnings history and trends, sales backlog, budgeted sales, and
expiration dates of tax carryforwards and has determined that it is more likely than not that
 11,705,000 of the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2008 will be realized. The Company
has an allowance
of 2,018,000 185,000 and 1,833,000 in continuing and discontinued operations, respectively)
provided against the gross deferred tax assets, which relates to the state net operating loss
carryforwards. The Company has recorded a liability of 1,453,000 which was recorded in other
long-term liabilities.

The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense (benefit) related to continuing operations
at the applicable federal statutory rate and the effective rates from continuing operations:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Statutory rate

34 

34 

34 

Tax rate differential on extraterritorial income exclusion/
domestic manufacturing deduction benefit

(1) 

(1) 

(2) 

International rate differences

2 

(1) 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax

2 

3 

4 

Foreign tax credits

1 

1 

Research and development credits

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

Other

3 

(1) 

2 

34 

32 

33 

Effective January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FIN 48, which applies to all tax positions related
to income taxes subject to SFAS 109. FIN 48 requires a new evaluation process for all tax
positions taken. If the probability for sustaining a tax position is greater than 50 , then the
tax position is warranted and recognition should be at the highest amount which would be expected
to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The adoption of FIN 48 had no material impact on the
Company s financial position.

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the total amounts of gross unrecognized
tax benefits is as follows:

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at January 1, 2008

2,785,000 

Increases in tax positions taken in the current year

132,000 

Decreases in tax positions taken in prior years

(48,000) 

Statute of limitations expired

(24,000) 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2008

2,845,000 

If recognized, all of the net unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2008 would impact the
effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits as income tax expense. At December 31, 2008, the Company had accrued interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of 437,000.

The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and in various state,
local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company and its subsidiaries are occasionally examined by tax
authorities in these jurisdictions. At December 31, 2008, the Company had been examined by the
Internal Revenue Service (the IRS through calendar year 2004. In addition, a foreign tax
authority is examining the Company s transfer pricing policies. It is possible that this
examination may be resolved within twelve months. In addition, it is reasonably possible that the
Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits balance may change within the next twelve months due to
the expiration of the statutes of limitation in various states by a range of zero to 462,000.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

Note 4. Receivables 

Receivables consist of the following:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Trade receivables

25,216 

29,790 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts

(621) 

(865) 

24,595 

28,925 

Recoverable income taxes

16 

58 

Other

885 

1,085 

25,496 

30,068 

Note 5. Concentrations Of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
principally of temporary cash investments and trade receivables. The Company places its temporary
cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions. Concentrations of credit risk
with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number of customers comprising the
Company s customer base, and their dispersion across many industries and geographic regions. The
Company seeks to limit its exposure to credit risks in any single country or region. The Company
performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and generally requires
no collateral from its customers. The Company provides an allowance for potential credit losses
based upon collectibility of such receivables. Losses have not been significant for any of the
periods presented. All financial investments inherently expose holders to market risks, including
changes in currency and interest rates. The Company manages its exposure to these market risks
through its regular operating and financing activities.

Note 6. Inventories 

Inventories consist of the following:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Raw materials

16,197 

15,805 

Work in process

3,904 

4,849 

Finished goods

5,225 

4,615 

25,326 

25,269 

Less: allowances

(3,748) 

(3,027) 

21,578 

22,242 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

The above includes certain inventories which are valued using the LIFO method, which aggregated
 4,879,000 and 4,935,000 as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively. The excess
of FIFO cost over LIFO cost as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 was approximately
 678,000 and 711,000, respectively.

Note 7. Property, Plant And Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment consist of the following:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Land

1,074 

1,170 

Buildings and leasehold improvements

8,272 

8,650 

Equipment and other property

24,774 

25,152 

34,120 

34,972 

Less: accumulated depreciation

(23,472) 

(23,925) 

10,648 

11,047 

Note 8. Goodwill And Intangible Assets 

Goodwill and intangible assets consist of the following:

December 31, 2008 

December 31, 2007 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

Gross Value 

Amortization 

Net Value 

Gross Value 

Amortization 

Net Value 

(in thousands) 

Goodwill

22,769 

22,769 

22,006 

22,006 

Other intangible assets:

Customer relationships

3,700 

1,062 

2,638 

3,700 

553 

3,147 

Patents

1,259 

998 

261 

1,219 

924 

295 

Trademarks

1,672 

1,672 

1,672 

1,672 

Developed technology

1,700 

636 

1,064 

1,700 

334 

1,366 

Licensing fees

355 

160 

195 

355 

124 

231 

Covenant-not-to-compete

100 

100 

100 

75 

25 

Other

51 

50 

1 

51 

46 

5 

Total other intangible assets

8,837 

3,006 

5,831 

8,797 

2,056 

6,741 

31,606 

3,006 

28,600 

30,803 

2,056 

28,747 

Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit levels annually, and if necessary, whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The fair values
of the reporting units were estimated using a combination of the expected present values of future
cash flows, an assessment of comparable market multiples and a review of market capitalization with
estimated control premiums. There were no impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible
assets recorded during 2008, 2007 and 2006.

F-22 

Table of Contents 

The other intangible assets that have definite lives are all amortizable and have original
estimated useful lives as follows: customer relationships are amortized over approximately six
years and eight years; patents are amortized over approximately 13 years, seven years or five
years; developed technology is amortized over approximately five years and six years; licensing
fees over approximately 10 years; covenants-not-to-compete are amortized over approximately one and
two-thirds years. Trademarks are not amortized. Amortization expense for intangible assets subject
to amortization in each of the next five fiscal years is estimated to be: 899,000 in 2009 and
2010, 863,000 in 2011, 713,000 in 2012 and 384,000 in 2013.

Amortization expense related to intangible assets for 2008, 2007 and 2006 was 950,000, 1,031,000
and 213,000, respectively. Intangible assets subject to amortization have a weighted average life
of approximately seven years.

Changes in goodwill balances by segment (which are defined below) are as follows:

Balance 

Balance 

December 31, 

Deferred 

Intangible 

Foreign 

December 31, 

2007 

Taxes 

Assets 

Exchange 

2008 

(in thousands) 

SLPE (Ault)

3,513 

789 

(26) 

4,276 

High Power Group (MTE)

8,189 

8,189 

High Power Group (Teal)

5,055 

5,055 

RFL

5,249 

5,249 

Total

22,006 

789 

(26) 

22,769 

At SLPE, the Company increased goodwill during the year due to the de-recognition of a previous tax
position primarily related to a change in pre-acquisition contingencies.

F-23 

Table of Contents 

Note 9. Debt 

Debt consists of the following:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Prime rate loan

LIBOR rate loan

6,000 

6,000 

Less: current portion

Total long-term debt

6,000 

On August 3, 2005, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility (the 2005 Credit
Facility with Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America to replace its former senior credit
facility. The 2005 Credit Facility (with a standby and commercial letter of credit sub-limit of
 5,000,000) provided for borrowings up to 30,000,000. The 2005 Credit Facility had an original
term of three years and was extended to June 30, 2009. Borrowings under the 2005 Credit Facility
bore interest, at the Company s option, at the London interbank offering rate LIBOR plus a
margin rate ranging from 0.9 to 1.9 , or the higher of a Base Rate plus a margin rate ranging from
0 to 0.5 . The Base Rate is equal to the higher of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5 , or (ii)
Bank of America s publicly announced prime rate Prime rate loan ). On October 23, 2008, the
Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
Facility (the 2008 Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association,
individually, as agent, issuer and a lender thereunder, and the other financial institutions party
thereto. The 2008 Credit Facility amends and restates the Company s 2005 Credit Facility, dated
August 3, 2005, as amended, among Bank of America, N.A., the company and its subsidiaries party
thereto, to provide for an increase in the facility size and certain other changes.

The 2008 Credit Facility provides for maximum borrowings of up to 60,000,000 and includes a
standby and commercial letter of credit sub-limit of 10,000,000. The 2008 Credit Facility is
scheduled to expire on October 1, 2011 unless earlier terminated by the agent thereunder following
an event of default. Borrowings under the 2008 Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s
option, at the British Bankers Association LIBOR rate plus 1.75 to 3.25 , or a base rate, which is
the higher of (i) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 or (ii) Bank of America, N.A. s publicly
announced prime rate, plus a margin rate ranging from 0 to 1.0 . The margin rates are based on
certain leverage ratios, as provided in the facility documents. The Company is subject to
compliance with certain financial covenants set forth in the 2008 Credit Facility, including a
maximum ratio of total funded indebtedness to EBITDA, minimum levels of interest coverage and net
worth and limitation on capital expenditures, as defined.
Availability under the 2008 Credit Facility is based upon the
Company s trailing twelve month EBITDA, as defined. At December 31, 2008, the Company had a
total availability under the 2008 Credit Facility of 31,000,000.

F-24 

Table of Contents 

The Company s obligations under the 2008 Credit Facility are secured by the grant of security
interests in substantially all of its respective assets.

As of December 31, 2008, the Company had no outstanding balance under the 2008 Credit Facility,
which bore interest at the prime rate of 3.25 and at the LIBOR rate of 3.16 . As of December 31,
2007, the Company had an outstanding balance under the 2005 Credit Facility of 6,000,000 at the
LIBOR rate, which bore interest at 6.10 .

The weighted average interest rate on borrowings during 2008 and 2007 was 4.09 and 6.38 ,
respectively.

Note 10. Accrued Liabilities Other 

Accrued liabilities other consist of the following:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Taxes (other than income) and insurance

560 

117 

Commissions

839 

869 

Litigation and legal fees

270 

927 

Other professional fees

596 

1,053 

Environmental

1,057 

514 

Warranty

1,325 

1,271 

Deferred revenue

556 

320 

Other

2,093 

1,572 

7,296 

6,643 

Included in the environmental accrual are estimates for all known costs believed to be probable for
sites which the Company currently operates or had operated at one time (see Note 13 for additional
information). The change in the recorded balances from December 31, 2007 to December 31, 2008 is
primarily due to the reclassifying of certain accrual amounts to other long-term liabilities based
upon expected expenditures.

A summary of the Company s warranty reserve is as follows:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Liability, beginning of year

1,271 

1,197 

Expense for new warranties issued

893 

380 

Expense related to accrual revisions for prior year

5 

181 

Warranty claims paid

(844) 

(487) 

Liability, end of period

1,325 

1,271 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

Note 11. Restructuring Charges 

In the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2008, the Company recorded a total restructuring charge
of 677,000, of which 397,000 was recorded at SL Power Electronics Corp. SLPE ). The
restructuring charges related primarily to workforce reduction to align SLPE s cost structure to
reduced business levels. The Company anticipates that these actions will result in reduced
operating costs in future periods. The Company expects SLPE s total restructuring charges to be
approximately 507,000. Additionally, MTE Corporation MTE incurred restructuring charges of
 280,000 primarily related to costs of consolidating facilities. Total MTE restructuring charges
are expected to be approximately 340,000. The liability for the restructuring charges is included
in Accrued Liabilities Other in the amount of 170,000. Details of the restructuring charges for
fiscal 2008 are as follows:

Year Ended 

December 31, 2008 

(in thousands) 

Temporary 

Severance 

Labor 

Other Costs 

Total 

Beginning balance

Restructuring charges

315 

117 

245 

677 

Cash payments

(227) 

(117) 

(163) 

(507) 

Ending balance

88 

82 

170 

Note 12. Retirement Plans And Deferred Compensation 

During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company maintained a defined contribution pension plan
covering all full-time, U.S. employees of SLPE, Teal Electronics Corporation Teal ), SL
Montevideo Technology, Inc. SL-MTI ), MTE, RFL Electronics Inc. RFL and the corporate office.
The Company s contributions to this plan are based on a percentage of employee contributions
and/or plan year gross wages, as defined, and profit sharing contributions annually, based on plan
year gross wages.

For the first four months of 2007, the Company also maintained a defined contribution pension plan
covering all full-time, U.S. employees of MTE. The Company s contributions to this plan were based
on a percentage of employee contributions and/or plan year gross wages, as defined. On May 1,
2007, this plan was merged into the Company s plan covering all the Company s full-time, U.S.
employees of SLPE, Teal, SL-MTI, RFL and the corporate office, with the same terms and conditions.

Costs incurred under these plans during 2008, 2007 and 2006 amounted to approximately 1,298,000,
 1,352,000 and 960,000, respectively. During 2006, the Company maintained five separate plans,
four of which were merged into one plan on January 2, 2007.

The Company has agreements with certain active and retired directors, officers and key employees
providing for supplemental retirement benefits. The liability for supplemental retirement benefits
is based on the most recent mortality tables available and discount rates ranging from 6 to 12 .
The amount charged to income in connection with these agreements amounted to 360,000, 415,000 and
 386,000 for 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

The Company is the owner and beneficiary of life insurance policies on the lives of some of the
participants having a deferred compensation or supplemental retirement agreement. As of December
31, 2008, the aggregate death benefit totaled 534,000, with the corresponding cash surrender value
of all policies totaling 293,000.

F-26 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2008, certain agreements restrict the Company from utilizing the cash surrender
value of certain life insurance policies totaling approximately 293,000 for purposes other than
the satisfaction of the specific underlying deferred compensation agreements, if benefits are not
paid by the Company. The Company offsets the dividends realized from the life insurance policies
with premium expenses. Net expenses recorded in connection with these policies amounted to 13,000,
 15,000 and 20,000 for 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Note 13. Commitments And Contingencies 

Leases: The Company is a party to certain leases for facilities, equipment and vehicles from third
parties, which expire through 2013. The minimum rental commitments as of December 31, 2008 are as
follows:

Operating 

Capital 

(in thousands) 

2009

1,311 

8 

2010

828 

4 

2011

506 

2012

447 

2013

29 

Thereafter

Total minimum payments

3,121 

12 

Less: interest

Total principal payable

12 

For 2008, 2007 and 2006, rental expense applicable to continuing operations aggregated
approximately 2,204,000, 2,173,000 and 2,386,000, respectively.

Letters Of Credit: As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company was contingently
liable for 670,000 and 655,000, respectively, under an outstanding letter of credit issued for
casualty insurance requirements.

Litigation: In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is subject to loss contingencies
pursuant to foreign and domestic federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations and is
also party to certain legal actions, which may occur in the normal operations of the Company s
business.

On June 12, 2002, the Company and SurfTech (a wholly owned subsidiary, the operating assets of
which were sold in November 2003), were served with a class action complaint by twelve individual
plaintiffs (the Complaint filed in Superior Court of New Jersey for Camden County (the Private
Action ). The Company and SurfTech are currently two of approximately 28 defendants named in the
Private Action. The Complaint alleges, among other things, that the plaintiffs are subject to an
increased risk of disease as a result of consuming water distributed from the Puchack Wellfield
located in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey (which was one of several water sources that supplied
Camden, New Jersey). Medical monitoring of the plaintiff class was sought in the litigation.

F-27 

Table of Contents 

The Private Action arises from similar factual circumstances as current environmental actions
involving the Pennsauken Landfill and Puchack Wellfield, with respect to which the Company has been
identified as a potentially responsible party (a PRP ). These actions and the Private Action both
allege that SurfTech and other defendants contaminated ground water through the disposal of
hazardous substances at facilities in the area. SurfTech once operated a chrome-plating facility in
Pennsauken Township, New Jersey (the Pennsauken Site ). These actions are discussed below.

With respect to the Private Action, the Superior Court denied class certification in June 2006. In
2007, the Superior Court dismissed the claims of all plaintiffs on statute of limitations grounds.
The plaintiffs have appealed the Court s decision.

The Company is the subject of other lawsuits and administrative actions which arise from its
ownership of the Pennsauken Site. These actions relate to environmental issues concerning the
Pennsauken Landfill and the Puchack Wellfield. In 1991 and 1992, the New Jersey Department of
Environmental Protection (the NJDEP served directives that would subject the Company to, among
other things, collective reimbursements (with other parties) for the remediation of the Puchack
Wellfield. The litigation involving the Pennsauken Landfill involves claims under the Spill
Compensation and Control Act (the Spill Act ), other statutes and common law against the Company
and numerous other defendants alleging that they are liable for contamination at and around a
municipal solid waste landfill located in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey. In the first quarter
2009, the Company agreed to terms with the plaintiffs for the settlement of all pending claims in
this case. Accordingly, the case was dismissed with prejudice in February 2009.

It is management s opinion that the impact of legal actions brought against the Company and its
operations will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or
results of operations. However, the ultimate outcome of these matters, as with litigation
generally, is inherently uncertain, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved
adversely to the Company. The adverse resolution of any one or more of these matters could have a
material adverse effect on the business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows of
the Company.

Environmental: Loss contingencies include potential obligations to investigate and eliminate or
mitigate the effects on the environment of the disposal or release of certain chemical substances
at various sites, such as Superfund sites and other facilities, whether or not they are currently
in operation. The Company is currently participating in environmental assessments and cleanups at a
number of sites
under these laws and may in the future be involved in additional environmental assessments and
cleanups. Based upon investigations completed to date by the Company and its independent
engineering-consulting firms, management has provided an estimated accrual for all known costs
believed to be probable in the amount of 6,926,000, of which 5,869,000 is included as other
long-term liabilities. However, it is the nature of environmental contingencies that other
circumstances might arise, the costs of which are indeterminable at this time due to such factors
as changing government regulations and stricter standards, the unknown magnitude of defense and
cleanup costs, the unknown timing and extent of the remedial actions that may be required, the
determination of the Company s liability in proportion to other responsible parties, and the
extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from other parties or from insurance. These
contingencies could result in additional expenses or judgments, or offsets thereto. At the present
time such expenses or judgments are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or results of operations, beyond the amount already reserved. Most
of the Company s environmental costs relate to discontinued operations and such costs have been
recorded in discontinued operations.

F-28 

Table of Contents 

There are two sites on which the Company may incur material environmental costs in the future as a
result of past activities of SurfTech. These properties are the Pennsauken Site and the Company s
property in Camden, New Jersey (the Camden Site ). Lawsuits and administrative actions concerning
the Pennsauken Site are discussed above.

In addition to the lawsuits and administrative actions previously discussed, in 2006 the United
States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA named the Company as a PRP in connection with
the remediation of the Puchack Wellfield, which it designated a Superfund Site. The Company
believes the recent action by the EPA should supersede the NJDEP directives.

With respect to the EPA matter, the EPA notified the Company that it was a PRP, jointly and
severally liable, for the investigation and remediation of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended CERCLA ). Thereafter, in September 2006, the EPA issued a Record of Decision for the national
priority listed Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site and selected a remedy to address the first phase
of groundwater contamination that the EPA contemplates being conducted in two phases (known as
operable units). The estimated cost of the EPA selected remedy for the first groundwater operable
unit, to be conducted over a five to ten year timeframe, is approximately 17,600,000 (excludes
past costs of 11,500,000 mentioned below). Prior to the issuance of the EPA s Record of Decision,
the Company had retained an experienced environmental consulting firm to prepare technical comments
on the EPA s proposed remediation of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site. In those comments, the
Company s consultant, among other things, identified flaws in the EPA s conclusions and the factual
predicates for certain of the EPA s decisions and for the proposed selected remedy.

Following the issuance of its Record of Decision, in early November 2006, the EPA sent another
letter to the Company encouraging the Company to either perform or finance the remedial actions for
operable unit one identified in the EPA s Record of Decision. In February 2007, the EPA sent
another letter to the Company demanding reimbursement for past costs of approximately 11,500,000,
which has been contested by the Company. The Company responded to the EPA that it is willing to
investigate the existence of other PRPs and to undertake the activities necessary to design a final
remediation for the Superfund Site. In July 2007, the EPA refused the Company s offer to perform
the work necessary to design the remediation plan without first agreeing to assume responsibility
for the full remediation of the
Superfund Site. The EPA did encourage the Company to investigate the existence of other PRPs and to
submit evidence thereof, if appropriate. In January 2008, the Company submitted to the EPA evidence
demonstrating the existence of several other PRPs.

Notwithstanding these assertions, based on discussions with its attorneys and consultants, the
Company believes the EPA analytical effort is far from complete. Further, technical data has not
established that offsite migration of hazardous substances from the Pennsauken Site caused the
contamination of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site. In any event, the evidence establishes that
hazardous substances from the Pennsauken Site could have, at most, constituted only a portion of
the total contamination delineated in the vicinity of the Puchack Wellfield Superfund Site. There
are other technical factors and defenses that indicate that the remediation proposed by the EPA is
technically flawed. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes that it has significant defenses
against all or part of the EPA claim and that other PRPs should be identified to support the
ultimate cost of remediation. Nevertheless, the Company s attorneys have advised that it is likely
that it will incur some liability in this matter. Based on the information so far, the Company has
estimated remediation liability for this matter of 4,000,000 2,480,000, net of tax), which was
reserved and recorded as part of discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of 2006.

F-29 

Table of Contents 

With respect to the Camden Site, the Company has reported soil contamination and a ground water
contamination plume emanating from the site. The Company has been conducting tests and taking other
actions to identify and quantify the contamination and to confirm areas of concern. On September
30, 2008, the Company submitted an Interim Response Action IRA Workplan to the NJDEP that
includes building demolition and removal, excavation of underlying contaminated soil, undertaking
treatability studies and installing new monitoring wells. The IRA Workplan, with amendments, was
approved by the NJDEP on October 9, 2008. The Company reserved 1,500,000 in the third quarter and
 750,000 in the fourth quarter to meet the anticipated expenses of implementing the IRA Workplan
and field pilot studies and conducting routine groundwater monitoring. At December 31, 2008, the
Company has accrued 2,387,000 to remediate the Camden Site.

The Company has also reported soil and ground water contamination at the facility located on
SL-MTI s property in Montevideo, Minnesota. SL-MTI has conducted analysis of the contamination and
is performing remediation at the site pursuant to a remedial action workplan approved by the
Minnesota Pollution Control Agency. SL-MTI has incurred costs of approximately 156,000 during
fiscal 2008. Implementation of remediation technologies is on track and is expected to be fully
implemented by the first half of fiscal 2009. Based on the current information, the Company
believes it will incur remediation costs at this site of approximately 139,000, which has been
accrued at December 31, 2008. The accrual for this site was 284,000 at December 31, 2007.

As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, environmental accruals of 6,926,000 and 5,284,000,
respectively, have been recorded by the Company.

Employment Agreements: The Company entered into severance agreements with certain key employees in
2001 that provide for one-time payments in the event the employee is terminated within twelve
months of a change-of-control, as defined. These payments range from three to 24 months of the
employee s base salary as of the termination date, as defined. If a triggering event had taken
place in 2008 and if these employees had been terminated during the year, the payments would have
aggregated approximately 3,219,000 under such change-of-control agreements.

Note 14. Cash Flow Information 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Interest paid

347 

1,001 

604 

Income taxes paid

725 

2,853 

1,671 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

Note 15. Industry Segments 

The Company currently operates under four business segments: SLPE, the High Power Group, SL-MTI and
RFL. Following its acquisition of Ault on January 26, 2006, the Company consolidated the operations
of Ault and its subsidiary, Condor D.C. Power Supplies, Inc. Condor ), into SLPE. In accordance
with the guidance provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 131, Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information, SFAS 131 this subsidiary is reported
as one business segment. Following the acquisition of MTE on October 31, 2006, the Company combined
MTE with its subsidiary, Teal, into one business segment, which is reported as the High Power
Group. Management has combined SLPE and the High Power Group into one business unit classified as
the Power Electronics Group. The Company aggregates operating business subsidiaries into a single
segment for financial reporting purposes if aggregation is consistent with the objectives of SFAS
131 and if the segments have similar characteristics in each of the following areas:

nature of products and services

nature of production process

type or class of customer

methods of distribution

SLPE produces a wide range of custom and standard internal and external AC/DC and DC/DC power
supply products to be used in customers end products. The Company s power supplies closely
regulate and monitor power outputs, resulting in stable and highly reliable power. SLPE, which
sells products under three brand names (SL Power Electronics, Condor and Ault), is a major supplier to the OEMs of medical,
wireless and wire line communications infrastructure, computer peripherals, handheld devices and
industrial equipment. The High Power Group sells products under two brand names (Teal and MTE).
Teal designs and manufactures custom power conditioning and distribution units. Products are
developed and manufactured for custom electrical subsystems for OEMs of semiconductor, medical
imaging, military and telecommunication systems. MTE designs and manufactures power quality
electromagnetic products used to protect equipment from power surges, bring harmonics into
compliance and improve the efficiency of variable speed motor drives. SL-MTI designs and
manufactures high power density precision motors. New motor and motion controls are used in
numerous applications, including military
and commercial aerospace equipment, medical devices and industrial products. RFL designs and
manufactures communication and power protection products/systems that are used to protect utility
transmission lines and apparatus by isolating faulty transmission lines from a transmission grid.
The Other segment includes corporate related items, financing activities and other costs not
allocated to reportable segments, which includes but is not limited to certain legal, litigation
and public reporting charges and the results of insignificant operations. The accounting policies
for the business units are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting
policies (see Note 1 for additional information).

Business segment operations are conducted through domestic subsidiaries. For all periods presented,
sales between business segments were not material. No single customer accounted for more than 10 
of consolidated net sales during 2008, 2007 and 2006. Each of the segments has certain major
customers, the loss of any of which would have a material adverse effect on such segment.

F-31 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Net sales 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

72,811 

91,072 

87,949 

High Power Group

60,462 

58,025 

39,993 

Total

133,273 

149,097 

127,942 

SL-MTI

28,647 

28,256 

25,704 

RFL

24,034 

23,510 

23,127 

Consolidated

185,954 

200,863 

176,773 

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Income from operations 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

315 

8,233 

6,316 

High Power Group

4,868 

7,810 

5,836 

Total

5,183 

16,043 

12,152 

SL-MTI

3,892 

3,469 

1,555 

RFL

2,379 

2,677 

2,217 

Other

(4,141) 

(6,170) 

(4,871) 

Income from operations

7,313 

16,019 

11,053 

Amortization of deferred financing costs

(77) 

(88) 

(88) 

Interest income

28 

47 

35 

Interest expense

(237) 

(855) 

(744) 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes

7,027 

15,123 

10,256 

SLPE includes net sales and income from operations of Ault from the acquisition date, January 26,
2006. The High Power Group includes net sales and income from operations of MTE for two months in
2006, since the acquisition was not completed until October 31, 2006.

F-32 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Total assets 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

33,253 

37,940 

High Power Group

30,985 

29,305 

Total

64,238 

67,245 

SL-MTI

12,479 

12,246 

RFL

15,480 

16,124 

Other

9,089 

9,058 

Consolidated

101,286 

104,673 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Intangible assets, net 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

5,785 

5,399 

High Power Group

17,370 

17,863 

Total

23,155 

23,262 

SL-MTI

1 

5 

RFL

5,444 

5,480 

Consolidated

28,600 

28,747 

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Capital expenditures 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

1,020 

1,193 

2,207 

High Power Group

756 

7 

113 

Total

1,776 

1,200 

2,320 

SL-MTI

432 

174 

307 

RFL

182 

294 

428 

Other

36 

74 

Consolidated

2,426 

1,742 

3,055 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Power Electronics Group:

SLPE

1,820 

1,730 

1,268 

High Power Group

854 

845 

309 

Total

2,674 

2,575 

1,577 

SL-MTI

388 

382 

382 

RFL

550 

621 

610 

Other

40 

22 

36 

Consolidated

3,652 

3,600 

2,605 

Financial information relating to the Company s segments by geographic area is as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Net sales (1) 

United States

155,002 

168,427 

147,263 

Foreign

30,952 

32,436 

29,510 

Consolidated

185,954 

200,863 

176,773 

Long-lived assets (2) 

United States

7,411 

8,117 

9,019 

Foreign

3,237 

2,930 

3,113 

Consolidated

10,648 

11,047 

12,132 

(1) 
 
 Net sales are attributed to countries based on location of customer.

(2) 
 
 Includes net tangible assets excluding goodwill and intangibles.

Note 16. Foreign Operations 

In addition to manufacturing operations in California, Minnesota, New Jersey and Wisconsin, the
Company manufactures substantial quantities of products in premises leased in Mexicali, Mexico,
Matamoros, Mexico and Tecate, Mexico. The Company also has manufacturing facilities in Xianghe,
China. These external and foreign sources of supply present risks of interruption for reasons
beyond the Company s control, including political or economic instability and other uncertainties.

Generally, the Company s sales are priced in U.S. dollars and its costs and expenses are priced in
U.S. dollars, Mexican pesos and Chinese yuan. Accordingly, the competitiveness of the Company s
products relative to locally produced products may be affected by the performance of the U.S.
dollar compared with that of its foreign customers and competitors currencies. Foreign net sales
comprised 17 , 16 and 17 of net sales from continuing operations for 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively.

F-34 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, the Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might
result from fluctuations in the value of the Mexican peso and Chinese yuan versus the U.S. dollar.
At December 31, 2008, the Company had net assets of 2,007,000 subject to fluctuations in the value
of the Mexican peso and Chinese yuan. At December 31, 2007, the Company had net assets of 856,000
subject to fluctuations in the value of the Mexican peso and Chinese yuan. During 2008, the U.S.
dollar declined in value by approximately 7 , relative to the Chinese yuan. During 2007, the U.S.
dollar declined in value by approximately 6 , relative to the Chinese yuan.

SLPE manufactures most of its products in Mexico and China. Teal has transferred a significant
portion of its manufacturing to a wholly-owned subsidiary located in Mexico. SL-MTI manufactures a
significant portion of its products in Mexico. SLPE, the High Power Group and SL-MTI price and
invoice their sales in U.S. dollars. The Mexican subsidiaries of SLPE, SL-MTI and Teal maintain
their books and records in Mexican pesos. SLPE s subsidiaries in China maintain their books and
records in Chinese yuan, however, most of their sales are invoiced in U.S. dollars. Business
operations conducted in Mexico or China incur their respective labor costs and supply expenses in
Mexican pesos and Chinese yuan, as the case may be (see Note 15 for additional information).

Note 17. Related Party Transactions 

RFL has an investment of 15,000 in RFL Communications PLC, RFL Communications ), representing
4.5 of the outstanding equity thereof. RFL Communications is a distributor of teleprotection and
communication equipment located in the United Kingdom. It is authorized to sell RFL products in
accordance with an international sales agreement. Sales to RFL Communications for 2008, 2007 and
2006 were 1,187,000, 1,122,000 and 767,000, respectively. Accounts receivable due from RFL
Communications at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 were 125,000 and 167,000, respectively.

As a result of certain services being provided to the Company by Steel Partners, Ltd. SPL ), a
company controlled by Warren Lichtenstein, the former Chairman of the Board of the Company (as
previously announced, Mr. Lichtenstein had declined to stand for re-election at the Company s
annual meeting of shareholders held May 14, 2008), the Compensation Committee has approved fees for
services provided by SPL. These fees are the only consideration for the services of Mr.
Lichtenstein and the Company s former Vice Chairman and current Chairman, Glen Kassan, and other
assistance from SPL. The services provided include management and advisory services with respect to
operations, strategic planning, finance and accounting, merger, sale and acquisition activities and
other aspects of the businesses of the Company. Fees of 475,000 were expensed by the Company for
SPL s services in 2008. Fees of 975,000 were expensed by the Company for SPL s services in 2007,
which included a bonus payment of 500,000 in recognition of SPL s contributions to the Company s
success during the year. In 2006, the Company expended 475,000 in management service fees to SPL
pursuant to the Management Agreement dated as of January 23, 2002 by and between the Company and
SPL. Approximately 40,000 and 500,000 were payable at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007,
respectively.

F-35 

Table of Contents 

Note 18. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

Three Months 

Three Months 

Three Months 

Three Months 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

September 30, 

December 31, 

March 31, 2008 

June 30, 2008 

2008 

2008 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net sales

45,361 

48,734 

46,242 

45,617 

Gross margin

14,789 

15,037 

14,190 

12,465 

Income from continuing operations
before income taxes

2,028 

2,921 

1,275 

803 

Net income (loss) (a) 

1,134 

1,758 

(324) 

(234) 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share

0.19 

0.30 

(0.05) 

(0.04) 

(a) Includes (loss) from
discontinued operations, net of tax

(212) 

(241) 

(1,196) (b) 

(653) 

(b) 
 
 The Company recorded an additional
loss of approximately 919,000, net of tax,
pertaining to estimated environmental remediation
costs related to the Company s Camden site.

Three Months 

Three Months 

Three Months 

Three Months 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

September 30, 

December 31, 

March 31, 2007 

June 30, 2007 

2007 

2007 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net sales

48,327 

52,730 

50,652 

49,154 

Gross margin

15,955 

17,947 

16,232 

16,335 

Income from continuing operations
before income taxes

2,983 

4,435 

3,747 

3,958 

Net income (a) 

1,667 

2,818 

2,151 

1,775 

Diluted net income per common share

0.29 

0.49 

0.36 

0.30 

(a) Includes (loss) from
discontinued operations, net of tax

(370) 

(418) 

(316) 

(759) 

F-36 

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 

VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

Balance at 

Additions 

Beginning of 

Charged to Costs 

Charged to Other 

Balance at End of 

Description 
 
 Period 

and Expenses 

Accounts 

Deductions 

Period 

(in thousands) 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2008

Allowance for:

Doubtful accounts

865 

(57) 

0 

187 

621 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2007

Allowance for:

Doubtful accounts

830 

81 

1 

46 

865 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2006

Allowance for:

Doubtful accounts

569 

96 

853 

688 

830 

F-37 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit # 
 
 Description 

2.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement by and among SL Industries, Inc.,
SL Industries Vertrieb GmbH, and DCX-Chol Holding GmbH, DCX-Chol
Enterprises, Inc. and Chol Enterprises, Inc. dated as of January 3, 2003.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2003.

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 16, 2005, by and among SL
Industries, Inc., Lakers Acquisition Corp. and Ault Incorporated. Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2005.

2.3 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2006 by and among SL Industries, Inc., Norbert
D. Miller, Revocable Living Trust of Fred A. Lewis and Margaret Lange-Lewis U/A dated January 28,
1993, as Amended and Restated as of October 31, 2001 and the Einhorn Family Foundation.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K/A filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2006.

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

3.2 

Restated By-Laws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

10.1 

Supplemental Compensation Agreement for the Benefit of Byrne Litschgi.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November
9, 1990.

10.2 

1988 Deferred Compensation Agreement with a Certain Officer. Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 1990.

10.3 

1991 Long Term Incentive Plan of SL Industries, Inc., as amended, is
incorporated by reference to Appendix to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 1995 Annual
Meeting held November 17, 1995, previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

10.4 

Capital Accumulation Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s report on Form
10K/A for the fiscal period ended July 31, 1994.

10.5 

Change-in-Control Agreement, dated May 1, 2001, between the Teal Electronics
Corporation and James C. Taylor. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

10.6 

Amendment
to Change-in-Control Agreement, dated December 22, 2008, to the Change-in-Control Agreement, dated May 1, 2001, between the Teal Electronics Corporation and James C.
Taylor (transmitted herewith).

10.7 

Bonus Agreement dated August 5, 2002 between the Company and James C. Taylor.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003.

10.8 

Management Agreement dated as of January 23, 2002 between the Company and Steel
Partners, Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

Table of Contents 

Exhibit # 
 
 Description 

10.9 

Amended And Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 23, 2008, among Bank of
America, N.A., as Agent, various financial institutions party hereto from time to time, as
Lenders, SL Industries, Inc., as the parent borrower and, SL Delaware, Inc., SL Delaware
Holdings, Inc., MTE Corporation, RFL Electronics Inc., SL Montevideo Technology, Inc.,
Cedar Corporation, Teal Electronics Corporation, MEX Holdings LLC, SL Power Electronics
Corporation, SLGC Holdings, Inc., SLW Holdings, Inc., SL Auburn, Inc., and SL Surface
Technologies, Inc. as subsidiary borrowers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
the Company s report on Form 10-Q dated November 10, 2008.

14 

Code of Conduct and Ethics. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company (transmitted herewith).

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (transmitted herewith).

31.1 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (transmitted herewith).

31.2 

Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (transmitted herewith).

32 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (transmitted herewith).

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

<EX-10.6>
 2
 c83084exv10w6.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

Exhibit 10.6

CHANGE-IN-CONTROL AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of the first day of May, 2004 (the Effective Date ), by
and between SL Industries, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the Company ), and James C. Taylor (the
 Employee ).

WHEREAS, the Employee is the Chief Operating Officer of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide certain protection to the Employee in the event of a
change-in-control of the Company, in order to induce the Employee to remain in the employ of the
Company notwithstanding any risks and uncertainties created by a potential change-in- control;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is mutually acknowledged, the Company
and the Employee agree as follows:

1. EFFECTIVENESS; TERM

This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof and shall terminate on the seventh
anniversary of the date hereof, or on such other date as the parties hereto mutually agree in
writing.

2. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOLLOWING A CHANGE-IN-CONTROL

(a) If the Employee s employment is terminated by the Company or its successor without Cause
(as hereinafter defined), or the Employee terminates his employment with the Company or its
successor for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined), and either termination occurs within one year
following a Change-in-Control (as hereinafter defined), or within one year following execution by
the Company of a definitive agreement contemplating a Change-in-Control that occurs, whichever is
later (the date of such termination hereinafter the Termination Date ), the Employee shall be
entitled to receive a Change-in-Control Payment (as hereinafter defined) with respect to such
termination. Termination of employment shall have the same meaning as separation from service under
Code Section 409A and Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee shall not be entitled to receive the
Change-in-Control Payment if any of the Circumstances of Ineligibility (as hereinafter defined)
apply to the Employee.

(c) Change-in-Control Payment means the product of two times the Employee s annual base
salary in effect as of the Termination Date. In the case of a termination of employment for Good
Reason based on a reduction of the Employee s annual base salary, the annual base salary shall be
calculated as the Employee s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction.

(d) Change-in-Control means that any of the following has occurred within a 12 month period:

(i) 
 
 the stockholders of the Company approve (aa) the sale of the
Company; (bb) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company;
or (cc) a consolidation or merger of the Company with another corporation, the
consummation of which would result in the stockholders of the Company
immediately before the occurrence of the consolidation or merger owning, in the
aggregate, fifty percent (50 or less of the Voting Stock of the surviving
entity; and such transaction occurs;

(ii) 
 
 any person or other entity, including any person as defined in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), becomes the beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act, directly or indirectly, of at least thirty percent (30 or
more of the total combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the
Company entitled to vote for the election of directors of the Company (the
 Voting Stock or

(iii) 
 
 a change in the Company s Board of Directors occurs with the
result that the members of such Board on the Effective Date (the Incumbent
Directors no longer constitute a majority of such Board, provided that any
person becoming a director (other than a director whose initial assumption of
office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest or the
settlement thereof, including but not limited to a consent solicitation relating
to the election of directors of the Company) whose election or nomination for
election was supported by two-thirds (2/3) of the then Incumbent Directors shall
be considered an Incumbent Director for purposes hereof.

(e) Cause means, and shall be subject to the procedures set forth herein:

(i) 
 
 conviction of the Employee for (x) any crime constituting a
felony in the jurisdiction in which committed, (y) any crime involving moral
turpitude (whether or not a felony) or (z) any criminal act against the Company
or any affiliate of the Company involving dishonesty whether or not a felony;

(ii) 
 
 substance abuse (including drunkenness) by the Employee which is
repeated after written notice from the Company to the Employee identifying such
abuse;

(iii) 
 
 the failure or the refusal of the Employee to follow lawful and
proper directives of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer of the
Company which is not corrected within thirty (30) days after written notice from
such Board or Chief Executive Officer to the Employee identifying such failure
or refusal; or

(iv) 
 
 willful malfeasance or gross misconduct by the Employee which may
discredit or damage the Company or any affiliate of the Company.

(f) Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without the prior written
consent of the Employee:

(i) 
 
 removal from the most senior position held by the Employee with
respect to the Company on the 181st day prior to the Change-in-Control or any
more senior position that the Employee subsequently achieves (the Measuring
Position 

(ii) 
 
 the assignment of duties or responsibilities materially
inconsistent with those customarily associated with the Measuring Position, or
any other action by the Company or a successor that results in a material
diminution of the Employee s position, authority, duties or responsibilities
compared to the Measuring Position, other than an isolated action that is not
taken in bad faith and is remedied by the Company or a successor promptly after
receipt of written notice thereof from the Employee;

(iii) 
 
 a reduction in the Employee s annual base salary, any portion of
the Employee s target bonus, or any other material benefit provided to the
Employee by the Company at the time of the Change-in-Control; or

(iv) 
 
 the involuntary relocation of the Employee s principal place of
employment to a location more than thirty (30) miles from the Employee s
principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change-in-Control, except
for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially
consistent with the Employee s business travel obligations as of such date.

A voluntary termination of employment for Good Reason must occur within two years of the initial
occurrence of one or more of the preceding conditions. In such event, the Employee shall notify the
Company within 90 days of the occurrence of such condition, whereupon the Company shall have 30
days from the receipt of such notice to cure the condition.

(g) Circumstances of Ineligibility means any one or more of the following circumstances:

(i) 
 
 if the Employee s employment with the Company or its successor is
terminated due to death or disability (defined as the inability or incapacity of
the Employee, due to any medically determined physical or mental impairment, to
perform the Employee s duties and responsibilities for the Company for a total
of one hundred eighty (180) days);

(ii) 
 
 if the Employee elects to voluntarily terminate the Employee s
employment, including a termination due to retirement, with the Company or its
successor, unless such termination by the Employee is for Good Reason; or

(iii) 
 
 if the Employee s employment with the Company or a successor is
terminated for Cause at any time preceding or following a Change-in-Control.

3. TIME OF PAYMENT OF CHANGE-IN-CONTROL PAYMENT

(a) Any Change-in-Control Payment to which the Employee is entitled under Section 2 above
shall be paid to the Employee in cash (subject to appropriate withholding) in a lump sum. Such
payment shall be made no later than the effective date of the release of claims executed by the
Employee pursuant to Section 6(c) below, or the thirtieth (30 th day after the
Termination Date, whichever date is later. If, at the time of the Change in Control payment, the
Employee is a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A and Regulation Section
1.409A-1(i), the lump sum shall be the lesser of the amount to which he would be entitled under
Section 2, and the maximum amount payable under the Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). The
difference, if any, shall be paid six months after the Change in Control payment date.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the payment of a Change-in-Control
Payment would cause the Company to violate the terms of one or more financial covenants set forth
in any credit agreement then in effect between the Company and its lenders of funded debt, such
payment shall be deferred until the earliest practicable date without causing such violation.

(c) The Employee shall be paid interest, compounded daily, at the prime lending rate as
announced from time to time by PNC Bank or its successor on all or any part of the
Change-in-Control Payment that is not paid when due.

4. CONTINUATION OF WELFARE BENEFITS

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the Employee is entitled to
receive the Change-in-Control Payment, the Company or its successor shall continue to pay premiums
on behalf of the Employee, as if the Employee were still an employee of the Company, in the
medical, dental, hospitalization and life insurance programs and/or arrangements of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries in which the Employee was participating on the Termination Date on the same
terms and conditions as other employees under such plans, programs and/or arrangements until the
earlier of (i) the end of the twenty-four (24) month period following the Termination Date or (ii)
the date, or dates, the Employee is entitled to receive substantially equivalent coverage and
benefits under the plans, programs and/or arrangements of a subsequent employer (such coverage and
benefits to be determined on a coverage-by-coverage or benefit-by-benefit basis). The Employee
shall be eligible to continue his benefits through COBRA at his own expense, to the extent provided
by law.

5. NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION

(a) In consideration of the Company entering into this Agreement and providing the
compensation and benefits to be provided by the Company to the Employee, the Employee agrees that
the Employee will not, from the Effective Date until one (1) year after the Termination Date,
engage in any Competitive Activity. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Competitive
Activity shall mean (i) serving as a director of any Competitor (as hereinafter defined); (ii)
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, either (x) controlling any Competitor or
(y) owning any equity or debt interests in any Competitor (other than equity or debt instruments
that are public traded and, at the time of any acquisition, when combined with other holdings, do
not exceed five percent (5 of the particular class of interests outstanding) (it being understood
that, if interests in any Competitor are owned by an investment vehicle or other entity in which
the Employee owns an equity interest, a portion of the

interests in such Competitor owned by such entity shall be attributed to the Employee, such portion
determined by applying the percentage of the equity interest in such entity); (iii) employment by
(including serving as an officer or partner of), providing consulting services to (including,
without limitation, as an independent contractor), or managing or operating the business or affairs
of, or being a lender to, any Competitor; or (iv) participating in the ownership, management,
operation or control of any Competitor. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Competitor 
shall mean any person (other than the Company or any majority-owned subsidiary of the Company) that
engages in any business (as determined at the time of termination of employment) in the United
States in competition with the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, the term business shall
include any activity engaged in by any subsidiary or division of the Company.

(b) The Employee agrees that, if the Employee receives a Change-in-Control Payment as set
forth in Section 2 above, the Employee shall not directly or indirectly through another entity (i)
induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or of any affiliate of the Company to leave
the employ of the Company or such affiliate, or in any way interfere with the relationship between
the Company and such affiliate and any employee thereof, or (ii) induce or attempt to induce any
customer, supplier, licensee, licensor, franchisee or other business relation of the Company (or
any affiliate of the Company) to cease doing business with the Company (or any affiliate of the
Company), or in any way interfere with the relationship between such customer, supplier, licensee
or business relation of the Company (or any affiliate of the Company). For purposes of this
Agreement, a customer, supplier, licensee, licensor, franchisee or business relation means any
person or entity which at the time of determination is, or has been within one (1) year prior to
such time, a customer, supplier, licensee, licensor, franchisee or other business relation of the
Company (or any affiliate of the Company).

(c) In the event of a Change-in-Control Payment, the Company may value the non-competition and
non-solicitation covenants and allocate the Payment accordingly.

(d) The Employee agrees that any violation of this Agreement will cause immediate and
irreparable harm to the Company, the amount of which will be impossible to estimate or determine.
The Employee further agrees that the Company shall have the right to equitable relief by injunction
or otherwise (without the necessity of posting bond or other security) and the Employee hereby
knowingly waives the claim or defense that the Company has an adequate remedy at law. The rights
and remedies of the Company under this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to all other
rights and remedies the Company may have under any local, state or federal law, rule or regulation
or otherwise. It shall not be a defense to the Company s enforcement of this Agreement that the
Company did breach or may have breached this Agreement or any other agreement with the Employee,
any such defense to the Company s enforcement of this Agreement being hereby waived.

6. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) NO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT. This Agreement does not constitute a contract of employment or
impose on the Company any obligation to retain the Employee as an employee.

(b) DEDUCTIONS AND WITHHOLDING. The Employee agrees that the Company shall withhold from any
and all compensation required to be paid to the Employee pursuant to this Agreement all federal,
state, local and/or other taxes which the Company determines are required to be withheld in
accordance with applicable statutes and regulations from time to time in effect.

(c) WAIVER AND RELEASE. The Employee acknowledges that (i) this Agreement provides benefits
greater than the benefits that the Employee would otherwise be entitled to receive under any
employment or severance agreement, plan, program or arrangement of the Company or between the
Company and the Employee, and (ii) the Company has no obligation to enter into this Agreement. In
consideration of the Company assuming these additional obligations and entering into this
Agreement, the Employee agrees to execute a release of all claims related to the Employee s
employment or termination thereof prior to payment of the Change-in-Control Payment. Such release
will become effective on the eighth day after it has been executed by the Employee, unless it has
been revoked beforehand.

(d) ARBITRATION. Except for enforcement of the Employee s covenants under Section 5, any
dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled
exclusively by arbitration conducted in New Jersey under the Commercial Arbitration Rules then
prevailing of the American Arbitration Association and such submission shall request the American
Arbitration Association to: (i) appoint an arbitrator experienced and knowledgeable concerning the
matter then in dispute; (ii) require the testimony to be transcribed; (iii) require the award to be
accompanied by findings of fact and a statement of reasons for the decision; and (iv) request the
matter to be handled by and in accordance with the expedited procedures provided for in the
Commercial Arbitration Rules. The determination of the arbitrators, which shall be based upon a de
novo interpretation of this Agreement, shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered on
the arbitrators award in any court having jurisdiction. All costs of the American Arbitration
Association and the arbitrator shall be borne by the Company, unless the position advanced by the
Employee is determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous in nature.

(e) LEGAL FEES. Except for legal fees the Employee incurs in defending Company s enforcement
of the Employee s covenants under Section 5, the Company or its successor shall pay to the Employee
all reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the Employee in disputing in good faith any
issues hereunder relating to the termination of the Employee s employment, or in seeking in good
faith to obtain or enforce any benefit or right provided by this Agreement. Such payments shall be
made within thirty (30) days after delivery of the Employee s written request for payment
accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the Company reasonably may require.

(f) NO DUTY TO MITIGATE/SET-OFF. The Company agrees that in order for the Employee to receive
payments or benefits under this Agreement, the Employee shall not be required to seek other
employment. Further, the amount of any such payment or benefit shall not be reduced by any
compensation earned by the Employee or any benefit provided to the Employee as the result of
employment by another employer or otherwise, except as provided in Section 4 or 6(g) hereof. The
Company s obligations to make any payment or provide any benefit under this Agreement shall not be
affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim,
recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or a successor may have against the Employee.

(g) OFFSET. The Change-in-Control Payment shall be reduced by any severance cash payment made
by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to the Employee pursuant to (i) any severance plan,
program, policy or arrangement of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employment
or consulting agreement between the Company or any subsidiary of the Company and the Employee, and
(iii) any federal, state or local statute, rule, regulation or ordinance.

(h) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to any payment and benefit which may become due or owing to the Employee in the event of a
termination in connection with a Change-in-Control and supersedes any other prior oral or written
agreements between the Employee and the Company with respect thereto, including the provision
captioned CHANGE IN CONTROL in the letter agreement dated December 16, 1999, between the Employee
and the Company and the Change-in-Control Agreement between the parties dated May 1, 2001. To the
extent that any payment or benefit conferred upon the Employee herein are invalidated or rendered
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the payment or benefit provided in such other
agreements shall remain in full force and effect.

(i) OTHER AGREEMENTS. Except as provided in paragraph (h) above, nothing in this Agreement
shall affect or modify (i) any obligations the Employee has under any agreement with the Company
with respect to confidential information, assignment of inventions and discoveries,
non-solicitation of employees and/or customers, non-competition, or otherwise or (ii) any payments
or benefits the Employee may be entitled to receive under any agreement with respect to severance
payments, the acceleration of options or other Stock Awards, or otherwise, and all such agreements
shall remain in full force and effect.

(j) AMENDMENTS. No party may amend, modify or terminate this Agreement without the express
written consent of the other party.

(k) BINDING AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and
assigns and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Employee s personal or legal
representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devises and legatees and the
Company s successors and assigns.

(l) LEGAL ADVICE. The Employee acknowledges that (i) he has been strongly encouraged by the
Company to review this Agreement with his personal attorney and has either done so or has knowingly
and voluntarily waived his right to do so and (ii) he understands all of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions. 

(m) GOVERNING LAW; VENUE AND JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without reference to conflict of laws
principles. The Employee does hereby irrevocably consent that any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or in any manner relating to this Agreement, or any other document delivered in
connection herewith, shall be brought exclusively in any state court or in any federal court in New
Jersey. The Employee further irrevocably consents to the service of any complaint, summons, notice
or other process relating to any such action or proceeding by delivery thereof to the Employee by
hand or by any other manner provided for below. The Employee hereby expressly and irrevocably
waives any claim or defense in any such action or proceeding based on any alleged lack of personal
jurisdiction, improper venue or forum non conveniens or any similar basis.

(n) NOTICES. All notices required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be given by personal delivery or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, or by reputable overnight courier, prepaid, receipt acknowledged, to the
following addresses:

If to the Company: 

SL Industries, Inc. 

520 Fellowship Road, A-114 

Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054 

Attention:

James A. Risher 

Compensation Committee Chairman 

If to the Employee: 

James C. Taylor 

43 Snowflake Drive, Unit E-22 

Los Pinos 

Breckinridge, CO 80424 

(o) COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in separate counterparts, each
of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of the signature
page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be effective as manual delivery of an
executed counterpart. Any party so delivering this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall
promptly manually deliver an executed counterpart, provided that any failure to do so shall not
affect the validity of the counterpart delivered by facsimile transmission.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.

SL INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ James A. Risher

James A. Risher 

Compensation Committee Chairman 

By: 
 /s/ James C. Taylor

James C. Taylor 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 3
 c83084exv21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

Exhibit 21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

State or Other 

Jurisdiction of 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Incorporation 

Cedar Corporation

Nevada 

Cedro de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

Condor Power Supplies de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

Industrias SL, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

MEX Holdings LLC

Delaware 

MTE Corporation

Wisconsin 

RFL Electronics Inc.

Delaware 

SL Auburn, Inc.

New York 

SL Delaware, Inc.

Delaware 

SL Delaware Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 

SL Montevideo Technology, Inc.

Minnesota 

SL Power Electronics Ltd. (a) 

United Kingdom 

SL Power Electronics Corporation

Delaware 

SL Shanghai International Trading Corporation

China 

SL Shanghai Power Electronics Corporation

China 

SL Surface Technologies, Inc. (b) 

New Jersey 

SL Xianghe Power Electronics Corporation

China 

SLGC Holdings, Inc. (d) 

Delaware 

SLW Holdings, Inc. (c) 

New Jersey 

Teal Electronics Corporation

California 

TPE de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

Mexico 

All of the subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2008.

(a) 
 
 Formerly Condor Power Supplies (Europe) Ltd.

(b) 
 
 Formerly SL Modern Hard Chrome, Inc.

(c) 
 
 Certain net assets disposed on August 29, 2001, and name changed from SL Waber, Inc. on
September 10, 2001.

(d) 
 
 Formerly Waber Power Ltd.

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 c83084exv23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

Exhibit 23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
have issued our report dated April 14, 2009, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements and schedule included in the Annual Report of SL Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. We hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference of said report in the Registration Statements of SL Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries
on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-153026, effective August 14, 2008, File No. 333-73407, effective March
5, 1999, File No. 333-53274, effective June 18, 1996, File No. 333-00269, effective February 6,
1996, File No. 033-63681, effective November 13, 1995, File No. 033-65446, effective January 16,
1996, and File No. 333-73407, effective March 5, 1995).

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
April 14, 2009

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 c83084exv31w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, James C. Taylor, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SL Industries, Inc. for the year ended
December 31, 2008;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.

April 13, 2009 
 /s/ James C. Taylor

Name: 
 James C. Taylor 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 c83084exv31w2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, David R. Nuzzo, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SL Industries, Inc. for the year ended
December 31, 2008;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.

April 13, 2009 
 /s/ David R. Nuzzo

Name: 
 David R. Nuzzo 

Title: 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 c83084exv32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of SL Industries, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2008 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

April 13, 2009 
 /s/ James C. Taylor

Name: 
 James C. Taylor 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

April 13, 2009 
 /s/ David R. Nuzzo

Name: 
 David R. Nuzzo 

Title: 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Secretary 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

