<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090226_10-K_edgar_data_1267130_0001206774-09-000336.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1417063</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>387282</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>113943</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>772146</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-09-000336.hdr.sgml : 20090226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090225212100
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-09-000336
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081227
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CABELAS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001267130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS SHOPPING GOODS STORES [5940]
		IRS NUMBER:				200486586
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32227
		FILM NUMBER:		09635412

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CABELA DRIVE
		CITY:			SIDNEY
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			69160
		BUSINESS PHONE:		308-254-5505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CABELA DRIVE
		CITY:			SIDNEY
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			69160

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Sme6KeELGRxh92B1hb5npMOhhBnQ6Ai1wMIKoDghR8uSf2InAf0Xt/r9eap8TGSf
 JkFevoLbqJzzbdYikoo8Eg==

 0001206774-09-000336.txt : 20090226

10-K
 1
 cabelasincorp_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D. C. 20549 
 Form 10-K 

(Mark
 One) 

x 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934 

For the fiscal
 year ended December 27, 2008 
 
 OR 
 
 o 
 
 TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934 
 Commission File
Number: 1-32227 
 CABELA S
INCORPORATED (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 20-0486586 
 
 (State or
 other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 Identification
 Number) 

One
 Cabela Drive, Sidney, Nebraska 
 69160 
 
 (Address of
 principal executive offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (308) 254-5505 

Securities registered pursuant to
 Section 12 (b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of
 each class 
 Name of
 each exchange on which registered 
 
 Class A
 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 New York
 Stock Exchange 
 Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12 (g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 No x 
 Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 
 Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for
at least the past 90 days. Yes x No o 
 Indicate by
check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer o 
 Accelerated
 filer x 

Non-accelerated
 filer o (Do not
 check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting
 company o 
 
 Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x 
 The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 436,990,580 as of June 27,
2008 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter) based upon the closing price of the registrant s Class A Common
Stock on that date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. For the purposes
of this disclosure only, the registrant has assumed that its directors and
executive officers and the beneficial owners of 5 or more of its voting common
stock as of June 27, 2008, are affiliates of the registrant. 
 Indicate the
number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as
of the latest practicable date. 
 Common stock, 0.01 par value:
66,923,128 shares as of February 18, 2009. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
 Portions of
the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to
the extent stated herein. 
 2 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 
 This
report contains forward-looking statements that are based on our beliefs,
assumptions, and expectations of future events, taking into account the
information currently available to us. All statements other than statements of
current or historical fact contained in this report are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.
The words believe, may, should, anticipate, estimate, expect, 
 intend, objective, seek, plan, and similar statements are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks
and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance, or financial
condition to differ materially from the expectations of future results,
performance, or financial condition we express or imply in any forward-looking
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to: 
 
 the level of discretionary consumer
 spending; 
 the strength of the economy; 
 changes in the capital and credit markets or the
 availability of capital and credit; 
 our ability to comply with the financial covenants
 in our credit agreements; 
 counterparty risk on our unsecured revolving
 credit facility; 
 changes in consumer preferences and demographic
 trends; 
 our ability to successfully execute our
 multi-channel strategy; 
 the ability to negotiate favorable purchase,
 lease, and/or economic development arrangements for new retail store
 locations; 
 expansion into new markets; 
 market saturation due to new retail store
 openings; 
 the rate of growth of general and administrative
 expenses associated with building a strengthened corporate infrastructure to
 support our growth initiatives; 
 increasing competition in the outdoor segment of
 the sporting goods industry; 
 the cost of our products; 
 trade restrictions; 
 political or financial instability in countries
 where the goods we sell are manufactured; 
 adverse fluctuations in foreign currencies; 

 increases in postage rates or paper and printing
 costs; 
 supply and delivery shortages or interruptions
 caused by system changes or other factors; 
 adverse or unseasonal weather conditions; 
 fluctuations in operating results; 
 the cost of fuel increasing; 
 road construction around our retail stores; 

 labor shortages or increased labor costs; 
 increased government regulation, including
 regulations relating to firearms and ammunition; 
 inadequate protection of our intellectual
 property; 
 our ability to protect our brand and
 reputation; 
 changes in accounting rules applicable to
 securitization transactions; 
 our ability to manage credit and liquidity risks; 
 
 any downgrade of the ratings on the outstanding notes issued
 by our Financial Services business securitization trust; 
 our ability to securitize our credit card receivables at
 acceptable rates or access the deposits market; 
 decreased interchange fees received by our Financial Services
 business as a result of credit card industry litigation; 
 other factors that we may not have currently identified or
 quantified; and 
 other risks, relevant factors, and uncertainties identified
 in the Risk Factors section of this report. 
 Given the
risks and uncertainties surrounding forward-looking statements, you should not
place undue reliance on these statements. Our forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date of this report. Other than as required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 3 

CABELA S
 INCORPORATED 

FORM
 10-K 

FOR THE
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 27, 2008 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
1A. 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 27 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Submission of
 Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 28 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
 Matters 

and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 
 29 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 31 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations 
 32 
 
 Item
7A. 
 
 Quantitative and
 Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and
 Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 
 103 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 
 Item
9B. 
 
 Other
 Information 
 106 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 106 
 
 Item
11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 106 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management 

and Related Stockholder
 Matters 
 106 
 
 Item
13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
 106 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 106 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 

SIGNATURES 
 112 
 4 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We are a
leading specialty retailer, and the world s largest direct marketer, of hunting,
fishing, camping, and related outdoor merchandise. Since our founding in 1961,
Cabela's has grown to become one of the most well-known outdoor recreation
brands in the world. We have long been recognized as the World's Foremost
Outfitter. Through our growing number of retail stores, and our
well-established direct business, we believe we offer the widest and most
distinctive selection of high-quality outdoor products at competitive prices,
while providing superior customer service. We also issue the Cabela's CLUB Visa 
credit card, which serves as our primary customer loyalty rewards program. Refer
to Note 23 entitled Segment Reporting to our consolidated financial statements
and our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations for additional financial information regarding our Retail and
Direct businesses, as well as our Financial Services business. 
 We were
initially incorporated as a Nebraska corporation in 1965 and were reincorporated
as a Delaware corporation in January 2004. In June 2004, we completed our
initial public offering of common stock. Our common stock is listed on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbol CAB. 
 Retail Business 
 We
currently operate 29 retail stores, 28 in 20 states and one in Canada. We opened
two retail stores in 2008, increasing our total retail square footage by 5 .
Retail store total square footage was 4.3 million square feet at the end of
2008. The two retail stores opened in 2008 were in Scarborough, Maine, and Rapid
City, South Dakota. Our Retail store business operations generated revenue of
 1.3 billion in 2008, representing 54.0 of our total revenue from our Retail
and Direct businesses. 
 Customer Service Enhancements. In
2008, we completed implementation of customer service enhancements directed at
increasing sales and customer satisfaction in our retail stores. These
enhancements included: 1) in-store pickup for Internet website orders, 2)
installation of Internet kiosks, and 3) the installation of catalog order desks.
 We continue to advance our efforts for offering
customers integrated opportunities to access and use our retail store, catalog,
and Internet channels. Our in-store pick-up
program allows customers to order products through our catalogs and Internet
site and have them delivered to the retail store of their choice without
incurring shipping costs, increasing foot traffic in our stores. Conversely, our
expanding retail stores introduce customers to our Internet and catalog
channels. Our multi-channel model employs the same merchandising team,
distribution centers, customer database, and infrastructure, which we intend to
further leverage by building on the strengths of each channel. 
 Store Format and Atmosphere .
 Our retail store concept is designed to
appeal to the entire family and draw customers from a broad geographic and
demographic range. Our retail stores range in size from 35,000 to 246,000 square
feet and our large-format retail stores are 150,000 square feet or larger. Our
large-format retail stores have been recognized in some states as one of the top
tourist attractions, often attracting the construction and development of
hotels, restaurants, and other retail establishments in areas adjacent to these
stores . Our next generation store format, with
more standardized store sizes, will expedite store development time and allow us
to pursue the best retail locations. 
 Retail Store Expansion Strategy. Enhancing our retail store efficiencies and taking the necessary steps to
improve our financial performance is a high priority in our strategic planning.
As such, we continually review our previously announced stores to reconfirm our
expectations based on what we have learned over the past year. Based on these
ongoing reviews, we now expect to open one retail store in 2009 in Billings,
Montana, which is expected to open in the second quarter of 2009. We expect to
fund our 2009 expansion from operating cash flows. Our next generation store
format is intended to improve our return on invested capital and will better
serve our customers. Our acquisition in 2007 of S.I.R. Warehouse Sports in
Winnipeg, Manitoba, will serve as our platform for planned expansion into
Canada. 
 5 

Store Locations and Ownership . We currently own 24 of our 29 retail
stores. However, in connection with some of the economic development packages
received from state or local governments where our stores are located, we have
entered into agreements granting ownership of the taxidermy, diorama, or other
portions of our stores to these state and local governments. Refer to Item 2
 Properties for the locations of our stores. 
 Direct Business 
 Our
Direct business uses catalogs and the Internet as marketing tools to generate
sales orders via the Internet, telephone, and mail. Our Direct business
generated revenue of 1.1 billion in 2008, representing 46.0 of our total
revenue from our Retail and Direct businesses. 
 Catalog Distributions. We have
been marketing our products through our print catalog distributions to our
customers and potential customers for over 47 years. We believe that our catalog
distributions have been one of the primary drivers of the growth of our brand
and serve as an important marketing tool for our Retail business. In 2008, we
mailed more than 133 million catalogs to all 50 states and to more than 190
countries. Our master catalogs offer a broad range of products while our
specialty catalogs offer products focused on one outdoor activity, such as fly
fishing, archery, or waterfowl, or one product category, such as women s
clothing. 
 Many of
our customers read and browse our catalogs, but order products through our
website. Based on our customer surveys, we believe that our customers wish to
continue to receive catalogs even though they purchase merchandise and services
through our website. Accordingly, we remain committed to marketing our products
through our catalogs, as we view our catalogs and the Internet as a unified
selling and marketing tool. 
 Direct Business Marketing. We use
our customer database to ensure that customers receive catalogs matching their
merchandise preferences, to identify new customers, and to cross-sell
merchandise to existing customers. The costs of providing our catalogs continue
to increase as postage and printing prices increase. We utilize our marketing
knowledge base to determine optimal circulation strategies to control our
catalog costs while continuing to grow our business. We also market our products
through our website. This cost-effective medium is designed to offer a
convenient, highly visual, user-friendly, and secure online shopping option for
new and existing customers. In addition to the ability to order the same
products available in our catalogs, our website gives customers the ability to
review product information, purchase gift certificates, research general
information on the outdoor lifestyle and outdoor activities, purchase rare and
highly specialized merchandise, and choose from other services we provide.
 The number of visits to our website increased
32.0 in 2008 compared to 2007. Our website was the most visited sports and
fitness website in 2008 according to Hitwise, Incorporated, an online
measurement company. 
 Direct Business Acquisitions. In
prior years, we acquired selected other businesses that comprise a portion of
our Direct business, which we believe are an extension of our core competencies.
These businesses include Van Dyke's Restorers, offering home restoration
products; Van Dyke's Taxidermy, offering taxidermy supplies; Antique Home and
Hardware, offering home decorating items; and Wild Wings, offering wildlife
prints and other collectibles. 
 Financial Services Business
 
 Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, World's Foremost Bank, we issue and manage the
Cabela's CLUB Visa card and related customer loyalty rewards program. We believe
the Cabela's CLUB Visa card loyalty rewards program is an effective vehicle for
strengthening our relationships with our customers, enhancing our brand name,
and increasing our merchandise revenue. The primary purpose of our Financial
Services business is to provide our merchandise customers with a rewards program
that will enhance revenue, profitability, and customer loyalty in our Retail and
Direct businesses. 
 Our bank
subsidiary is an FDIC-insured, special purpose, Nebraska state-chartered bank.
Our bank s charter is limited to issuing credit cards and selling brokered
certificates of deposit of 100,000 or more and it does not accept demand
deposits or make non-credit card loans. During 2008, we had an average of
1,140,834 active credit card accounts with an average balance of 1,828 compared
to an average of 987,411 active credit card accounts with an average balance of
 1,712 during 2007. 
 6 

Cabela s CLUB Visa Card Loyalty Program. The Cabela's CLUB Visa card loyalty program is a rewards-based credit
card program, which we believe has increased brand loyalty among our customers
and has helped reduce customer attrition in our merchandising businesses. Our
rewards program is a simple loyalty program that allows customers to earn points
whenever and wherever they use their credit card and then redeem earned points
for products and services at our retail stores or through our Direct business.
Our rewards program is integrated into our store point of sale system which adds
to the convenience of the rewards program as our employees can inform customers
of their number of accumulated points when making purchases at our stores. The
percentage of our merchandise sales that were made on the Cabela s CLUB card was
27.5 for 2008 compared to 26.3 for 2007. 
 Financial Services Marketing .
 We adhere to a low cost, efficient, and
tailored credit card marketing program that leverages the Cabela's brand name.
We market the Cabela's CLUB Visa card through a number of channels, including
retail stores, inbound telemarketing, catalogs, and the Internet. Customer
service representatives at our customer care centers offer the Cabela's CLUB
Visa card to qualifying customers. This card is marketed throughout our catalogs
and our Internet site. Our customers can apply for the Cabela s CLUB Visa card
at our retail stores and website through our instant credit process and, if
approved, receive reward points available for use on merchandise purchases the
same day. When a customer s application is approved through the retail store
instant credit process, the customer s new credit card is produced and given to
the customer immediately thereafter. Maintaining the growth of our credit card
program, while continuing to underwrite high-quality customers, is key to the
successful performance of our Financial Services business. Our Financial
Services growth is dependent, in part, on the success of our Retail and Direct
businesses to generate additional sales and to attract additional Financial
Services customers. 
 Underwriting and Credit Criteria. We underwrite high-quality credit customers and have historically
maintained attractive credit statistics compared to industry averages. We adhere
to strict credit policies and target high credit quality obligors. The scores of
Fair Isaac Corporation FICO are a widely-used tool for assessing a person's
credit rating. Our cardholders had a median FICO score of 786 at the end of 2008
and 2007. We believe the median FICO scores of our cardholders are well above
the industry average. Our charge-offs as a percentage of total outstanding
balances were 2.95 in 2008, which we believe is well below the 2008 industry
average. We believe that our increase in net charge-offs in 2008 compared to
2007 was lower than industry averages. 
 
 The table
below presents data on our credit card portfolio's performance comparing the
last three years and illustrates the high credit quality of our managed credit
card portfolio. 

As a Percentage
 of Managed Loans: 
 2008 

2007 

2006 
 
 Delinquencies greater than 30 days 
 1.68 

0.97 

0.75 

Gross
 charge-offs 
 3.40 

2.53 

2.29 

Net charge-offs 
 2.95 

2.01 

1.86 

Products and Merchandising
 
 We offer
our customers a comprehensive selection of high-quality, competitively priced,
national and regional brand products, including our own Cabela's brand. Our
product offering includes merchandise and equipment for hunting, fishing, marine
use, and camping, along with casual and outdoor apparel and footwear, optics,
vehicle accessories, taxidermy products, gifts and home furnishings with an
outdoor theme, and furniture restoration related merchandise. 
 7 

At the
end of 2008, we had 48 different product categories that we classify into five
general categories which are summarized below. The following chart sets forth
the percentage of revenue contributed by each of the five product categories for
our Retail and Direct businesses and in total for the last three years.

Retail 
 
 Direct 
 
 Total 
 
 Product
 Category 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2008 

2007 

2006 
 
 Hunting Equipment 
 41.6 

38.7 

35.6 

27.3 

26.6 

27.1 

35.2 

32.6 

30.7 

Fishing and
 Marine 
 15.3 

15.6 

16.7 

11.0 

12.3 

12.5 

13.4 

14.0 

14.3 

Camping 
 12.9 

12.9 

12.1 

16.2 

15.4 

14.8 

14.3 

14.1 

13.7 

Clothing and
 Footwear 
 25.2 

27.0 

29.1 

35.9 

36.3 

36.7 

30.0 

31.7 

33.5 

Gifts and Furnishings 
 5.0 

5.8 

6.5 

9.6 

9.4 

8.9 

7.1 

7.6 

7.8 

Total 
 100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 
 
 Hunting equipment. We provide
equipment, accessories, and consumable supplies for almost every type of hunting
and sport shooting. Our hunting products are supported by services such as gun
bore sighting, scope mounting, and bow tuning to serve the complete needs of our
customer. We also provide items necessary for the completion of any taxidermy
project through Van Dyke s Taxidermy. 
 Fishing and marine equipment .
 We provide products for fresh water fishing,
fly-fishing, salt water fishing, and ice-fishing. In addition, our fishing and
marine equipment offering features a wide selection of electronics, boats and
accessories, canoes, kayaks, and other flotation accessories. 
 Camping gear and equipment. 
 We provide a diverse selection of camping
gear and equipment for various experience levels of outdoor enthusiasts. This
product category includes a full range of equipment and accessories supporting
all outdoor activities, including food preparation, outdoor cooking, travel, and
outdoor living. In addition, we include all-terrain vehicles ATVs ), as well
as accessories for automobiles and ATVs, in this category. 
 Clothing and footwear .
 Our clothing and footwear merchandise
includes both lifestyle apparel and technical gear for the active outdoor
enthusiast, as well as apparel and footwear for the casual customer. 
 Gifts and home furnishings. Our
gifts merchandise includes games, food assortments, books, jewelry, and art with
outdoor themes. Home furnishings merchandise includes furnishings and accents
with outdoor themes for the home and cabin, as well as restoration products. Our
home restoration products include unusual and hard-to-find antique furniture and
vintage home restoration supplies. 
 Cabela s branded products .
 In addition to national brands, we offer our
exclusive Cabela's branded merchandise. We have a significant penetration of
Cabela s branded merchandise in casual apparel and footwear as well as in
selected hard goods categories such as camping, fishing, and optics. Where
possible, we seek to protect our Cabela s branded products by applying for
trademark or patent protection for these products. Our Cabela s branded products
typically generate higher gross profit margins compared to our other branded
products. In 2008, our Cabela s branded merchandise accounted for approximately
one-third of our merchandise revenue. By having an appropriate mix of Cabela s
branded and other branded merchandise, we strive to meet the expectations and
needs of our customers and expand the recognition of the Cabela s brand.
 
 8 

Marketing 
 We seek
to increase the amount each customer spends on our merchandise through enhanced
customer targeting, continued introduction of new catalog titles, and the
development and marketing of new products. We have taken advantage of web-based
technologies such as targeted promotional e-mails, on-line shopping engines, and
Internet affiliate programs to increase sales. We also are improving our
customer relationship management system, which we expect will allow us to better
manage our customer relationships and more effectively tailor our marketing
programs. We will continue to use our expanding Retail business to capture
additional customer purchase history and information. 
 Our
marketing strategy focuses on using our multi-channel model to build the
strength and recognition of our brand by communicating our wide and distinctive
offering of quality products to our customers, and potential customers, in a
cost effective manner. Our largest marketing effort consists of distributing
over 133 million catalogs annually in order to attract customers to our Retail
and Direct businesses. We have also established our website to market our
products to customers and potential customers who shop via the Internet. We use
both our catalogs and our website to cross-market at our retail stores. Our
marketing strategy is designed to convey our outdoor lifestyle image, enhance
our brand, and emphasize our position in our target markets. 
 In
addition to the use of our catalogs and our website, we use a combination of
promotional events, traditional advertising, and media programs as marketing
tools. We engage in certain promotional activities as well as sponsor sportsmen
and women advocacy groups and wildlife conservation organizations, including
U.S. Sportsmen s Alliance, National Rifle Association, National Wild Turkey
Federation, Women in the Outdoors, Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation, Whitetails
Unlimited, Pheasants Forever, Ducks Unlimited, Delta Waterfowl, Trout Unlimited,
and Safari Club International, as well as regional and local events and
organizations. We also provide sponsorship of fishing tournaments and other
related activities . 
 In
addition, we have historically received extensive free publicity from the unique
Cabela s shopping experience when we open a store. As we enter more metropolitan
markets, where the opening of a Cabela s store may not be major news, we will
need to supplement this free publicity with additional advertising to increase
consumer awareness of new store openings. 
 Competition 
 We
compete in a number of large, highly fragmented, and intensely competitive
markets, including the outdoor recreation, and casual apparel and footwear
markets. The outdoor recreation market is comprised of several categories
including hunting, fishing, camping, and wildlife watching, and we believe it
crosses over a wide range of geographic and demographic segments. 
 We
compete directly or indirectly with other broad-line merchants, large-format
sporting goods stores and chains, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, discount
and department stores, small specialty retailers, and catalog and Internet-based
retailers. 
 We
believe that we compete effectively with our competitors on the basis of our
wide and distinctive merchandise selection, and the superior customer service
associated with the Cabela s brand, as well as our commitment to understanding
and providing merchandise that is relevant to our targeted customer base. We
cater to the outdoor enthusiast and the casual customer, and believe we have an
appealing store environment. We also believe that our multi-channel model
enhances our ability to compete by allowing our customers to choose the most
convenient sales channel. This model also allows us to reach a broader audience
in existing and new markets and to continue to build on our nationally
recognized Cabela s brand. 
 9 

Customer Service 
 Since our
founding in 1961, we have been deeply committed to serving our customers by
selling high-quality products through sales associates who deliver excellent
customer service and in-depth product knowledge. We strive to provide superior
customer service at the time of sale and after the sale through our 100-percent
money-back guarantee. Our customers can always access well-trained,
knowledgeable associates to answer their product use and merchandise selection
questions. In 2008, we completed the implementation of customer service
enhancements directed, in part, at increasing customer satisfaction. These
enhancements continue our efforts to offer
customers integrated opportunities to access and use our retail store, catalog,
and Internet channels. For example, our in-store
pick-up program allows customers to order products through our catalogs and
Internet site and have them delivered to the retail store of their choice
without incurring shipping costs, increasing foot traffic in our stores.
Conversely, our expanding retail stores introduce customers to our Internet and
catalog channels. We believe that our ability to establish and maintain
long-term relationships with our customers and encourage repeat visits and
purchases is due, in part, to the strength of our customer support and service
operations. 
 Distribution and Fulfillment
 
 We
operate distribution centers located in Sidney, Nebraska; Prairie du Chien,
Wisconsin; and Wheeling, West Virginia. These distribution centers comprise nearly
3.0 million square feet of warehouse space for our retail store replenishment
and Direct business activities. We ship merchandise to our Direct business
customers via United Parcel Service and the U. S. Postal Service. We use common
carriers and typically deliver inventory two to three times per week for
replenishment of our retail stores. 
 Management Information Systems
 
 Our
management information and operational systems manage our Retail, Direct, and
Financial Services businesses. These systems are designed to process customer
orders, track customer data and demographics, order, monitor, and maintain
sufficient amounts of inventory, facilitate vendor transactions, and provide
financial reporting. We continually evaluate, modify, and update our information
technology systems supporting the supply chain, including our design, sourcing,
merchandise planning, forecasting and purchase order, inventory, distribution,
transportation, and price management systems. We continue to make modifications
to our technology that will involve updating or replacing certain systems with
successor systems, including improvements to our systems for multi-channel
tracking and processing of inventory, and improvements to our customer
relationship management system. 
 Employees 
 At the
end of 2008, we employed 14,700 employees - 7,300 of whom were employed full
time. We use part-time and temporary workers to supplement our labor force at
peak times during our third and fourth quarters. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement.
We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relationship with
our employees to be good. 
 Seasonality 
 We
experience seasonal fluctuations in our revenue and operating results. Due to
buying patterns around the holidays and the opening of hunting seasons, our
merchandise revenue is traditionally higher in the third and fourth quarters
than in the first and second quarters, and we typically earn a disproportionate
share of our operating income in the fourth quarter. Because of our retail store
expansion, and fixed costs associated with retail stores, our quarterly
operating income may be further impacted by these seasonal fluctuations. We
anticipate our sales will continue to be seasonal in nature. Refer to Note 25 to
our consolidated financial statements for quarterly results of operations for
2008 and 2007. 
 10 

Government Regulation 
 Regulation of Our Bank Subsidiary. Our wholly-owned bank subsidiary is a Nebraska state-chartered bank with
deposits insured by the Bank Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC ). Our bank subsidiary is subject to comprehensive regulation
and periodic examination by the Nebraska Department of Banking and Finance NDBF and the FDIC. We also are registered as a bank holding company with the
NDBF and as such are subject to periodic examination by the NDBF. 
 Our bank
subsidiary does not qualify as a "bank" under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended, BHCA ), because it is in compliance with a credit card bank
exemption from the BHCA. If it failed to meet the credit card bank exemption
criteria, its status as an insured depository institution would make us subject
to the provisions of the BHCA, including restrictions as to the types of
business activities in which a bank holding company and its affiliates may
engage. We could be required to either divest our bank subsidiary or divest or
cease any activities not permissible for a bank holding company and its
affiliates, including our Retail and Direct businesses. While the consequences
of being subject to regulation under the BHCA would be severe, we believe that
the risk of being subject to the BHCA is minimal as a result of the precautions
we have taken in structuring our business. 
 There are
various federal and Nebraska laws and regulations relating to minimum regulatory
capital requirements and requirements concerning the payment of dividends from
net profits or surplus, restrictions governing transactions between an insured
depository institution and its affiliates, and general federal and Nebraska
regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices. At the end of 2008,
our bank subsidiary met the requirements for a "well capitalized" institution,
the highest of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act s five
capital ratio levels. A "well capitalized" classification should not necessarily
be viewed as describing the condition or future prospects of a depository
institution, including our bank subsidiary. 
 Subject
to certain limitations, federal bank agencies may also require banking
organizations such as our bank subsidiary to hold regulatory capital against the
full risk-weighted amount of its retained securitization interests. We
understand that these federal bank agencies continue to analyze interests in
securitization transactions under their rules to determine the appropriate
capital treatment. Any such determination could require our bank subsidiary to
hold significantly higher levels of regulatory capital against such
interests. 
 The
activities of our bank subsidiary as a consumer lender also are subject to
regulation under the various federal and state laws. We spend significant
amounts of time ensuring we are in compliance with these laws and work with our
service providers to ensure that actions they take in connection with services
they perform for us are also in compliance with these laws. Depending on the
underlying issue and applicable law, regulators are often authorized to impose
penalties for violations of these statutes and, in some cases, to order our bank
subsidiary to compensate injured borrowers. Borrowers may also have a private
right of action to bring actions for some violations. Federal bankruptcy and
state debtor relief and collection laws also affect the ability of our bank
subsidiary to collect outstanding balances owed by borrowers . 
 Taxation Applicable to Us .
 We pay applicable corporate income,
franchise, and other taxes to states in which our retail stores are physically
located. As we open more retail stores, we will be subject to tax in an
increasing number of state and local taxing jurisdictions. Upon entering a new
state, we historically applied for a private letter ruling from the state's
revenue department stating which types of taxes our Retail and Direct businesses
would be required to collect and pay in such state, and we accrued and remitted
the applicable taxes based upon the private letter ruling. Although we believe
we properly accrued for these taxes based on our interpretation of the tax code
and prior private letter rulings, state taxing authorities may challenge our
interpretation or attempt to revoke their prior private letter rulings. If state
taxing authorities are successful, additional taxes, interest, and related
penalties may be assessed. See Risk Factors - Our historic sales tax collection
policy for our Direct business may subject us to liabilities for unpaid sales
taxes on past Direct business sales and -The customer service enhancements we
implemented at our retail stores caused our Direct business to establish nexus
in the states where our retail stores are located, which caused our Direct
business to pay additional income and sales taxes and may have an adverse effect
on the profitability and cash flows of our Direct business. 
 Other Regulations Applicable to Us . We must comply with federal, state,
and local regulations, including the federal Brady Handgun Violence Prevention
Act, which require us, as a federal firearms licensee, to perform a pre-sale
background check of purchasers of hunting rifles and other firearms. 
 11 

We also
are subject to a variety of state laws and regulations relating to, among other
things, advertising, pricing, and product safety/restrictions. Some of these
laws prohibit or limit the sale, in certain states and locations, of certain
items we offer such as black powder firearms, ammunition, bows, knives, and
similar products. State and local government regulation of hunting can also
affect our business. 
 We are
subject to certain federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to
the protection of the environment and human health and safety. We believe that
we are in substantial compliance with the terms of environmental laws and that
we have no liabilities under such laws that we expect to have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, or financial
condition. 
 Our
Direct business is subject to the Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise Rule and
related regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission FTC which
affect our catalog mail order operations. FTC regulations, in general, govern
the solicitation of orders, the information provided to prospective customers,
and the timeliness of shipments and refunds. In addition, the FTC has
established guidelines for advertising and labeling many of the products we
sell. 
 Intellectual Property
 
 Cabela's , Cabela's CLUB , Cabelas.com , World's Foremost Outfitter ,
World's Foremost Bank , Bargain Cave , Van Dyke's , Wild Wings and Herters are
among our registered service marks or trademarks with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office. We have numerous pending applications for trademarks. In
addition, we own several other registered and unregistered trademarks and
service marks involving advertising slogans and other names and phrases used in
our business. We own certain patents associated with various products. We also
own trade secrets, domain names, and copyrights, which have been registered for
each of our catalogs. 
 We
believe that our trademarks are valid and valuable and intend to maintain our
trademarks and any related registrations. We do not know of any material pending
claims of infringement or other challenges to our right to use our marks in the
United States or elsewhere. We have no franchises or other concessions which are
material to our operations. 
 Available
Information 
 Our
website address is www.cabelas.com. We make available on our website, free of
charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our SEC reports can be accessed
through the investor relations section of our website. The information on our
website, whether currently posted or in the future, is not part of this or any
other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
 
 Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Merchandising
Business 
 A decline in discretionary
consumer spending could reduce our revenue. 
 Our
revenue depends on discretionary consumer spending, which may decrease due to a
variety of factors beyond our control, including: 
 
 unfavorable general business conditions; 
 increases in interest rates; 
 increases in inflation; 
 wars, fears of war, and terrorist attacks and
 organizing activities; 
 increases in consumer debt levels and decreases in
 the availability of consumer credit; 
 adverse or unseasonal weather conditions or
 events; 
 increases in gasoline prices reducing the
 willingness to travel to our retail stores; 
 adverse changes in applicable laws and
 regulations; 
 adverse legislation relating to sales of firearms
 and ammunition; 
 increases in taxation; 
 adverse fluctuations of foreign currencies; 

 adverse unemployment trends; 
 adverse conditions in the mortgage and housing
 markets; and 
 other factors that adversely influence consumer
 confidence and spending. 
 Our
customers' purchases of discretionary items, including our products, could
decline during periods when disposable income is lower or periods of actual or
perceived unfavorable economic conditions. If this occurs, our revenue would
decline. 
 Difficult conditions in the economy generally may materially adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our
results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the economy
generally. Volatile oil prices, falling equity and real estate values, the
limited availability and high cost of credit, risks of increased inflation and
deflation, declining business and consumer confidence, and increased
unemployment have created fears of a severe recession. Factors such as consumer
spending and the volatility and strength of the capital markets all affect the
business and macroeconomic environment and, ultimately, the revenue and
profitability of our business. In a recession characterized by higher
unemployment, lower family income, and lower consumer spending, the demand for
our products could be adversely affected. This may materially affect our
business and results of operations. 
 13 

Competition in the outdoor recreation and casual apparel and footwear
markets could reduce our revenue and profitability. 
 The
outdoor recreation and casual apparel and footwear markets are highly fragmented
and competitive. We compete directly or indirectly with the following types of
companies: 
 
 other
 specialty retailers that compete with us across a significant portion of our
 merchandising categories through retail store or direct businesses, such as
 Bass Pro Shops, Gander Mountain, Orvis, The Sportsman's Guide, and Sportsman's
 Warehouse; 
 large-format sporting goods stores and chains,
 such as The Sports Authority, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Big 5 Sporting
 Goods; 
 retailers that currently compete with us through
 retail businesses that may enter the direct business; 
 mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, discount
 stores, and department stores, such as Wal-Mart and Target; and 
 casual outdoor apparel and footwear retailers,
 such as L.L. Bean, Lands End, and REI. 
 Many of
our competitors have a larger number of stores, and some of them have
substantially greater market presence, name recognition, and financial,
distribution, marketing, and other resources than we have. In addition, if our
competitors reduce their prices, we may have to reduce our prices in order to
compete. Furthermore, some of our competitors have been aggressively building
new stores in locations with high concentrations of our Direct business
customers. As a result of this competition, we may need to spend more on
advertising and promotion. Some of our mass merchandising competitors, such as
Wal-Mart, do not currently compete in many of the product lines we offer. If
these competitors were to begin offering a broader array of competing products,
or if any of the other factors listed above occurred, our revenue could be
reduced or our costs could be increased, resulting in reduced
profitability. 
 If we
are unable to comply with the terms of our credit arrangements, especially the
financial covenants, our unsecured revolving credit facility could be terminated
and our unsecured senior notes could become due and payable. Additionally, we
are subject to counterparty risk on our unsecured revolving credit
facility. 
 Our 430
million unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes contain
certain financial covenants, including the maintenance of minimum debt coverage,
a fixed-charge coverage ratio, a cash flow leverage ratio, and a minimum
tangible net worth standard. We may not be able to satisfy these ratios,
especially if our operating results deteriorate as a result of, but not limited
to, adverse current economic conditions, the deepening of the recession, or the
impact of other risk factors that may have a negative impact on our business and
results of operations. A breach of any financial covenant or our inability to
comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our
unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes, and we can
provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain the necessary waivers or
amendments from our lenders to remedy a default. In the event of any default
that is not waived, the lenders under our unsecured revolving credit facility
are not required to lend any additional amounts or issue letters of credit and
could require us to apply all of our available cash to collateralize any
outstanding letters of credit and declare any outstanding borrowings, together
with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. In
addition, the holders of our unsecured senior notes could declare all
outstanding amounts, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be
immediately due and payable. 
 In
addition, recent and unprecedented distress in the worldwide credit markets has
had an adverse impact on the availability of credit. Although our 430 million
unsecured revolving credit facility does not expire until June 2012, continued
market deterioration could jeopardize the counterparty obligations of one or
more of the banks participating in our facility, which could have an adverse
effect on our business if we are not able to replace such credit facility or
find other sources of liquidity on acceptable terms. 
 14 

We may not be able to raise
additional capital or obtain additional financing if
needed. 
 The
recent downturn in the equity and debt markets, the tightening of the credit
markets, and the worldwide recession could make it more difficult for us to
raise additional capital or obtain additional financing. We cannot be certain
that additional funds will be available if needed and to the extent required or,
if available, on acceptable terms. If we cannot raise necessary additional funds
on acceptable terms, there could be a material adverse impact on our business
and results of operations. We also may not be able to fund expansion, take
advantage of future opportunities, meet our existing debt obligations, or
respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. 
 Our comparable store sales
will fluctuate and may not be a meaningful indicator of future
performance. 
 Changes
in our comparable store sales results could affect the price of our common
stock. A number of factors have historically affected, and will continue to
affect, our comparable store sales results, including: 
 
 competition; 
 new store openings; 
 general regional and national economic
 conditions; 
 actions taken by our competitors; 
 consumer trends and preferences; 
 new product introductions and changes in our
 product mix; 
 timing and effectiveness of promotional events;
 and 
 weather conditions. 
 We cannot
assure you that our comparable store sales will not continue to decrease. Our
comparable store sales may vary from quarter to quarter, and an unanticipated
decline in revenues or comparable store sales may cause the price of our common
stock to fluctuate significantly. 
 If we fail to maintain the
strength and value of our brand, our revenue is likely to decline.
 
 Our
success depends on the value and strength of the Cabela s brand. The Cabela s
name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our
strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning
our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising
efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent,
high quality customer experience. Our brand could be adversely affected if we
fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be
tarnished by negative publicity. Any of these events could result in decreases
in revenue. 
 15 

If we
cannot successfully implement our retail store expansion strategy, our growth
and profitability would be adversely impacted. 
 We
continue to seek additional locations to open new retail stores. Our ability to
open new retail stores in a timely manner and operate them profitably depends on
a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:

our ability to
 manage the financial and operational aspects of our retail growth
 strategy; 
 our ability to identify suitable locations,
 including our ability to gather and assess demographic and marketing data to
 determine consumer demand for our products in the locations we select; 
 our ability to negotiate and obtain economic
 development packages with local and state governments where our new retail
 stores would be located; 
 our ability to negotiate favorable lease
 agreements; 
 our ability to properly assess the implications of
 economic development packages and customer density to project the
 profitability of potential new retail store locations; 
 the availability of financing on favorable
 terms; 
 our ability to secure required governmental
 permits and approvals; 
 our ability to hire and train skilled store
 operating personnel, especially management personnel; 
 the availability of construction materials and
 labor and the absence of significant construction delays or cost
 overruns; 
 our ability to provide a satisfactory mix of
 merchandise that is responsive to the needs of our customers living in the
 areas where new retail stores are built; 
 our ability to supply new retail stores with
 inventory in a timely manner; 
 our ability to properly assess operational and
 regulatory challenges involved in opening and successfully operating retail
 stores in Canada; 
 our competitors building or leasing stores near
 our retail stores or in locations we have identified as targets for a new
 retail store; and 
 general economic and business conditions affecting
 consumer confidence and spending and the overall strength of our business.
 
 We may
not be able to sustain the growth in the number of our retail stores, the
revenue growth historically achieved by our retail stores, or to maintain
consistent levels of profitability in our Retail business, particularly as we
expand into markets now served by other large-format sporting goods retailers
and mass merchandisers. In particular, new retail stores typically generate
lower operating margins because pre-opening costs are fully expensed in the year
of opening and because fixed costs, as a percentage of revenue, are higher. In
addition, the substantial management time and resources which our retail store
expansion strategy requires may result in disruption to our existing business
operations which may harm our profitability. 
 The slower pace of our
retail store expansion may negatively impact our revenue growth and
profitability. 
 The
opening of new retail stores has contributed significantly to the recent growth
of our merchandising revenue. As part of our efforts to improve retail
operations, and in light of the challenging macroeconomic environment facing
retailers, we made the strategic decision to slow the pace of our retail store
expansion. We opened eight new retail stores in 2007, two new retail stores in
2008, and currently plan to open one new retail store in 2009. The slower pace
of our retail store expansion may negatively impact our revenue growth and
profitability. 
 16 

Retail
store expansion could adversely affect the operating results of our Retail
business and reduce the revenue of our Direct business. 
 As the
number of our retail stores increases, our stores will become more highly
concentrated in the geographic regions we serve. As a result, the number of
customers and related revenue at individual stores may decline and the average
amount of sales per square foot at our stores may be reduced. In addition, as we
open more retail stores and as our competitors open stores with similar formats,
our retail store format may become less unique and may be less attractive to
customers as tourist and entertainment shopping locations. If either of these
events occurs, the operating results of our Retail business could be adversely
affected. The growth in the number of our retail stores may also draw customers
away from our Direct business. If we are unable to properly manage the
relationship between our Direct business and our Retail business, the revenue of
our Direct business could be adversely affected. 
 Our
failure to successfully manage our Direct business could have a material adverse
effect on our operating results and cash flows. 
 During
2008, our Direct business accounted for 46.0 of the total revenue in our Retail
and Direct businesses. Our Direct business is subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including the following:

our inability
 to properly adjust the fixed costs of a catalog mailing to reflect subsequent
 sales of the products marketed in the catalog; 
 lower and less predictable response rates for
 catalogs sent to prospective customers; 
 increases in U.S. Postal Service rates, paper
 costs, and printing costs resulting in higher catalog production costs and
 lower profits for our Direct business; 
 failures to properly design, print, and mail our
 catalogs in a timely manner; 
 failures to introduce new catalog titles; 
 failures to timely fill customer orders; 
 changes in consumer preferences, willingness to
 purchase goods through catalogs or the Internet, weak economic conditions and
 economic uncertainty, and unseasonal weather in key geographic markets; 

 increases in software filters that may inhibit our
 ability to market our products through e-mail messages to our customers and
 increases in consumer privacy concerns relating to the Internet; 
 changes in applicable federal and state
 regulation; 
 breaches of Internet security; and 
 failures in our Internet infrastructure or the
 failure of systems of third parties, such as telephone or electric power
 service, resulting in website downtime, customer care center closures, or
 other problems. 
 Any one
or more of these factors could result in lower-than-expected revenue for our
Direct business. These factors could also result in increased costs, increased
merchandise returns, slower turning inventories, inventory write-downs, and
working capital constraints. Because our Direct business accounts for a
significant portion of our total revenue, any performance shortcomings
experienced by our Direct business would likely have a material adverse effect
on our operating results and cash flows. 
 17 

Any disruption of the supply
of products and services from our vendors could have an adverse impact on our
revenue and profitability. 
 Our vendors and service providers
include the following: 
 
 vendors to
 supply our merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices in a
 timely manner; 
 outside printers and catalog production vendors to
 print and mail our catalogs and to convert our catalogs to digital format for
 website posting; 
 shipping companies, such as United Parcel Service,
 the U.S. Postal Service, and common carriers, for timely delivery of our
 catalogs, shipment of merchandise to our customers, and delivery of
 merchandise from our vendors to us and from our distribution centers to our
 retail stores; 
 telephone companies to provide telephone service
 to our in-house customer care centers; 
 communications providers to provide our Internet
 users with access to our website and a website hosting service provider to
 host and manage our website; 
 software providers to provide software and related
 services to run our operating systems for our Retail and Direct businesses;
 and 
 third-party card processors, such as First Data
 Resources, that process Cabela s CLUB Visa transactions. 
 Any
disruption in these services could have a negative impact on our ability to
market and sell our products, and serve our customers. Our ten largest trade
vendors collectively represented approximately 13 of our total merchandise
purchases in 2008. If we are unable to acquire suitable merchandise or lose one
or more key vendors, we may not be able to offer products that are important to
our merchandise assortment. We also are subject to risks, such as the
unavailability of raw materials, labor disputes, union organizing activity,
strikes, inclement weather, natural disasters, war and terrorism, and adverse
general economic and political conditions that might limit our vendors' ability
to provide us with quality merchandise on a timely basis. We have no contractual
arrangements providing for continued supply from our key vendors and our vendors
may discontinue selling to us at any time. We may not be able to develop
relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any,
may be of a lesser quality and more expensive than those we currently purchase.
Any delay or failure in offering products to our customers could have an adverse
impact on our revenue and profitability. In addition, if the cost of fuel rises,
the cost to deliver merchandise to the customers of our Direct business and from
our distribution centers to our retail stores may rise which could have an
adverse impact on our profitability. 
 Political and economic uncertainty and unrest in foreign countries where
our merchandise vendors are located and trade restrictions upon imports from
these foreign countries could adversely affect our ability to source merchandise
and operating results. 
 In 2008,
approximately 15 of our merchandise was imported directly from vendors located
in foreign countries, with approximately 88 of our imported merchandise being
obtained directly from vendors located in China, Hong Kong, South Korea, and
Taiwan. In addition, we believe that a significant portion of our other vendors
obtain their products from foreign countries that may also be subject to
political and economic uncertainty. We are subject to risks and uncertainties
associated with changing economic and political conditions in foreign countries
where our vendors are located, such as: 
 
 increased
 import duties, tariffs, trade restrictions, and quotas; 
 work stoppages; 
 economic uncertainties (including
 inflation); 
 adverse foreign government regulations; 
 wars, fears of war, and terrorist attacks and
 organizing activities; 
 adverse fluctuations of foreign currencies;
 and 
 political unrest. 
 We cannot
predict when, or the extent to which, the countries in which our products are
manufactured will experience any of the above events. Any event causing a
disruption or delay of imports from foreign locations would likely increase the
cost or reduce the supply of merchandise available to us and would adversely
affect our operating results, particularly if imports of our Cabela s branded
merchandise were adversely affected as our margins are higher on our Cabela s
branded merchandise. 
 18 

In
addition, trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes,
safeguards, and customs restrictions against apparel items, as well as United
States or foreign labor strikes, work stoppages, or boycotts could increase the
cost or reduce the supply of merchandise available to us or may require us to
modify our current business practices, any of which could hurt our
profitability. 
 Due to the seasonality of
our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our
revenue during the fourth quarter was substantially below expectations.
 
 We
experience seasonal fluctuations in our revenue and operating results.
Historically, we have realized a significant portion of our revenue and earnings
for the year in the fourth quarter. In 2008, we generated 34.5 of our revenue,
and 64.7 of our net income, in the fourth quarter. We incur significant
additional expenses in the fourth quarter due to higher customer purchase
volumes and increased staffing. If we miscalculate the demand for our products
generally or for our product mix during the fourth quarter, our revenue could
decline, which would harm our financial performance. In addition, abnormally
warm weather conditions during the fourth quarter can reduce sales of many of
the products normally sold during this time period and inclement weather can
reduce store traffic or cause us to temporarily close stores causing a reduction
in revenue. Because a substantial portion of our operating income is derived
from our fourth quarter revenue, a shortfall in expected fourth quarter revenue
would cause our annual operating results to suffer significantly. 
 If we lose key management or
are unable to attract and retain the talent required for our business, our
operating results could suffer. 
 Our
future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience, and
efforts of our senior executive management and merchandising teams. With the
exception of our Chairman, Richard N. Cabela, and our Vice Chairman, James W.
Cabela, none of our senior management or directors has employment agreements
other than our Management Change of Control Severance Agreements. We do not
carry key-man life insurance on any of our executives or key management
personnel. In addition, our corporate headquarters is located in a sparsely
populated rural area which may make it difficult to attract and retain qualified
individuals for key management positions. The loss of the services of any of
these individuals or the inability to attract and retain qualified individuals
for our key management positions could cause our operating results to
suffer. 
 Our business depends on our
ability to meet our labor needs, and if we are unable to do so, our retail store
expansion strategy may be delayed and our revenue growth may suffer.
 
 Our
success depends on hiring, training, managing, and retaining quality managers,
sales associates, and employees in our retail stores and customer care centers.
Our corporate headquarters, distribution centers, return center, and some of our
retail stores are located in sparsely populated rural areas. It may be difficult
to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially management and technical
personnel, in these areas. Competition for qualified management and technical
employees could require us to pay higher wages or grant above market levels of
stock compensation to attract a sufficient number of employees. If we are unable
to attract and retain qualified personnel as needed, the implementation of our
retail store expansion strategy may be delayed and our revenue growth may
suffer. 
 19 

Our
historic sales tax collection policy for our Direct business may subject us to
liabilities for unpaid sales taxes on past Direct business sales.
 
 Many
states have attempted to require that out-of-state direct marketers, whose only
contacts with the state are solicitations and delivery to their residents of
products purchased through the mail or the Internet, collect sales taxes on the
sale of these products. In addition, a private litigant, purportedly on behalf
of various states, has initiated litigation against several out-of-state direct
marketers alleging that the failure to collect and remit sales tax violates
various state false claims laws. The U.S. Supreme Court has held that states,
absent congressional legislation, may not impose tax collection obligations on
out-of-state direct marketers unless the out-of-state direct marketer has nexus
with the state. Nexus generally is created by the physical presence of the
direct marketer, its agents, or its property within the state. Our sales tax
collection policy for our Direct business is to collect and remit sales tax in
states where our Direct business has established nexus. Prior to the opening of
a retail store, we historically sought a private letter ruling from the state in
which the store would be located as to whether our Direct business would have
nexus with that state as a result of the store opening. Some states have enacted
legislation that requires sales tax collection by direct marketers with no
physical presence in that state. In some instances, the legislation assumes
nexus exists because of the physical presence of an affiliated entity engaged in
the same line of business. During the first quarter of 2008, we received an
assessment for unpaid sales taxes on prior Direct business sales from a state
with such legislation. It is also possible that we may receive future
assessments from other states for unpaid sales taxes on prior Direct business
sales. We presently intend to vigorously contest the assessment and any future
sales tax assessments, but we may not prevail. If we do not prevail with respect
to any assessment, we could be held liable for sales taxes on prior Direct
business sales, which could be substantial. 
 
 We
must successfully order and manage our inventory to reflect customer demand and
anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends or our revenue and
profitability will be adversely affected. 
 Our
success depends upon our ability to successfully manage our inventory and to
anticipate and respond to merchandise trends and customer demands in a timely
manner. We cannot predict consumer preferences with certainty and they may
change over time. We usually must order merchandise well in advance of the
applicable selling season. The extended lead times for many of our purchases may
make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends or
changes in prices. If we misjudge either the market for our merchandise or our
customers' purchasing habits, our revenue may decline significantly and we may
not have sufficient quantities of merchandise to satisfy customer demand or we
may be required to mark down excess inventory, either of which would result in
lower profit margins. In addition, as we implement our retail store expansion
strategy, we will need to construct additional distribution centers or expand
the size of our existing distribution centers to support our growing number of
retail stores. If we are unable to find suitable locations for new distribution
centers or to timely integrate new or expanded distribution centers into our
inventory control process, we may not be able to deliver inventory to our retail
stores in a timely manner, which could have an adverse effect on the revenue and
cash flows of our Retail business. 
 A
natural disaster or other disruption at our distribution centers or return
facility could cause us to lose merchandise and be unable to effectively deliver
to our direct customers and retail stores. 
 We
currently rely on distribution centers in Sidney, Nebraska; Prairie du Chien,
Wisconsin; and Wheeling, West Virginia, to handle our distribution needs. We
operate a return center in Oshkosh, Nebraska; and our Wheeling, West Virginia,
distribution center also processes returns. Any natural disaster or other
serious disruption to these centers due to fire, tornado, or any other calamity
could damage a significant portion of our inventory and materially impair our
ability to adequately stock our retail stores, deliver merchandise to customers,
and process returns to vendors and could result in lost revenue, increased
costs, and reduced profits. 
 20 

Our
failure to obtain or negotiate economic development packages with local and
state governments could cause us to significantly alter our retail store
strategy or format and/or delay the construction of one or more of our retail
stores and could adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, and
profitability. 
 We have
received economic development packages from many of the local and state
governments where our retail stores are located. In some locations, we have
experienced an increased amount of government and citizen resistance and
critical review of pending and existing economic development packages. This
resistance and critical review may cause local and state government officials in
future locations to deny or limit economic development packages that might
otherwise be available to us. The failure to obtain similar economic development
packages in the future for any of these reasons could cause us to significantly
alter our retail store strategy or format. As a result, we could be forced to
invest less capital in our stores which could have an adverse effect on our
ability to construct the stores as attractive tourist and entertainment shopping
destinations, possibly leading to a decrease in revenue or revenue growth. In
addition, the failure to obtain similar economic development packages for stores
built in the future would have an adverse impact on our cash flows and on the
return on investment in these stores. 
 The
failure of properties to generate sufficient taxes to amortize economic
development bonds owned by us that relate to the development of such properties
would have an adverse impact on our cash flows and profitability. 
 We often
purchase economic development bonds issued by state or local governmental
entities in connection with the development of our retail stores. The proceeds
of these bonds are then used to fund the construction and equipping of new
retail stores and related infrastructure development. The repayments of
principal and interest on these bonds are typically tied to sales, property, or
lodging taxes generated from the related retail store and, in some cases, from
other businesses in the surrounding area, over periods which range between 20
and 30 years. However, the governmental entity from which we purchase the bonds
is not otherwise liable for repayment of principal and interest on the bonds to
the extent that the associated taxes are insufficient to pay the bonds. At the
time we purchase these bonds, we make estimates of the discounted future cash
flow streams they are expected to generate in the form of interest and principal
payments. Because these cash flows are based primarily on future property or
sales tax collections at our retail stores and other facilities (which in many
cases may not be operating at the time we make our estimates), these estimates
are inherently subjective and the probability of ultimate realization is highly
uncertain. If sufficient tax revenue is not generated by the subject properties,
we will not receive the full amount of the expected payments due under the
bonds, which would have an adverse impact on our cash flows and profitability.
 
 Our
failure to comply with the terms of current economic development agreements
could result in our repayment of grant money or other adverse consequences that
would affect our cash flows and profitability. 
 The
economic development packages which we have received in connection with the
construction of our current stores have, in some instances, contained forfeiture
provisions and other remedies in the event we do not fully comply with the terms
of the economic development agreements. Among the terms which could trigger
these remedies are the failure to maintain certain employment and wage levels,
failure to timely open and operate a retail store, and failure to develop
property adjacent to a retail store. At the end of 2008, the total amount of
grant funding subject to repayment pursuant to a specific contractual remedy was
approximately 11 million. Other remedies that have been included in some
economic development agreements are loss of priority to tax payments supporting
the repayment of bonds held by us. Where specific remedies are not set forth,
the local governments would be entitled to pursue general contract remedies. A
default by us under these economic development agreements could have an adverse
effect on our cash flows and profitability. 
 21 

We may
incur costs from litigation or increased regulation relating to products that we
sell, particularly tree stands and firearms, which could adversely affect our
revenue and profitability. 
 We may
incur damages due to lawsuits relating to products we sell. We are currently a
defendant in certain product liability lawsuits, including lawsuits relating to
tree stands. We may incur losses due to lawsuits, including potential class
actions, relating to our performance of background checks on firearms purchases
and compliance with other sales laws as mandated by state and federal law. We
may also incur losses from lawsuits relating to the improper use of firearms or
ammunition sold by us, including lawsuits by municipalities or other
organizations attempting to recover costs from manufacturers and retailers of
firearms and ammunition. Our insurance coverage and the insurance provided by
our vendors for certain products they sell to us may be inadequate to cover
claims and liabilities related to products that we sell. In addition, claims or
lawsuits related to products that we sell or the unavailability of insurance for
product liability claims, could result in the elimination of these products from
our product line reducing revenue. If one or more successful claims against us
are not covered by or exceed our insurance coverage, or if insurance coverage is
no longer available, our available working capital may be impaired and our
operating results could be adversely affected. Even unsuccessful claims could
result in the expenditure of funds and management time and could have a negative
impact on our profitability and on future premiums we would be required to pay
on our insurance policies. 
 Current and future government regulation may negatively impact demand for
our products and our ability to conduct our business. 
 Federal,
state, and local laws and regulations can affect our business and the demand for
products. These laws and regulations include: 
 
 FTC
 regulations governing the manner in which orders may be solicited and
 prescribing other obligations in fulfilling orders and consummating
 sales; 
 laws and regulations that prohibit or limit the
 sale, in certain states and localities, of certain items we offer such as
 firearms, black powder firearms, ammunition, bows, knives, and similar
 products; 
 the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and
 Explosives governing the manner in which we sell firearms and
 ammunition; 
 laws and regulations governing hunting and
 fishing; 
 laws and regulations relating to the collecting
 and sharing of non-public customer information; and 
 United States customs laws and regulations
 pertaining to proper item classification, quotas, payment of duties and
 tariffs, and maintenance of documentation and internal control programs which
 relate to importing taxidermy which we display in our retail stores.
 
 Changes
in these laws and regulations or additional regulation could cause the demand
for and sales of our products to decrease. Moreover, complying with increased or
changed regulations could cause our operating expenses to increase. This could
adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 Our
inability or failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative
impact on our operating results. 
 Our
trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, domain names, and
other intellectual property are valuable assets that are critical to our
success. Effective trademark and other intellectual property protection may not
be available in every country in which our products are made available. The
unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of our intellectual property
could diminish the value of our brands or goodwill and cause a decline in our
revenue. Any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us,
whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly
litigation, cause product delays, or require us to enter into royalty or
licensing agreements. As a result, any such claim could have an adverse effect
on our operating results. 
 22 

Risks Related to Our Financial
Services Business 
 We may
experience limited availability of financing or variation in funding costs for
our Financial Services business, which could limit growth of the business and
decrease our profitability. 
 Our
Financial Services business requires a significant amount of cash to operate.
These cash requirements will increase if our credit card originations increase
or if our cardholders' balances or spending increase. Historically, we have
relied upon external financing sources to fund these operations, and we intend
to continue to access external sources to fund our growth. A number of factors
such as our financial results, changes within our organization, disruptions in
the capital markets, increased competition in the deposit markets, our corporate
and regulatory structure, interest rate fluctuations, general economic
conditions, possible negative credit ratings affecting our asset-backed
securities, and accounting and regulatory changes and relations could make such
financing more difficult or impossible to obtain or more expensive. 
 We have
been particularly reliant on funding from securitization transactions for our
Financial Services business. Securitization funding sources include both
commercial paper conduit facilities and fixed and floating rate term
securitizations. A failure to renew these facilities, to resecuritize the term
securitizations as they mature, or to add additional term securitizations and
commercial paper conduits on favorable terms as it becomes necessary could
increase our financing costs and potentially limit our ability to grow our
Financial Services business. 
 Furthermore, even if we are able to securitize our credit card loans
consistent with past practice, poor performance of our securitized loans,
including increased delinquencies and credit losses, lower payment rates, or a
decrease in excess spreads below certain thresholds, could result in a downgrade
or withdrawal of the ratings on the outstanding securities issued in our
securitization transactions, cause earlier than expected repayment of these
securities, or result in higher required credit enhancement levels. This could
jeopardize our ability to complete other securitization transactions on
acceptable terms, decrease our liquidity, and force us to rely on other
potentially more expensive funding sources, to the extent available, which would
decrease our profitability. If an earlier than expected repayment of the notes
occurs, we may sustain significant losses on our retained interests and our
Financial Services business may need to seek alternative sources of funding. In
addition, we may be required to retain all new receivables on our balance sheet
which would require higher allowances for loan losses, increase regulatory
capital requirements, and negatively impact earnings. 
 We may
have to reallocate capital from our Retail and Direct businesses to meet the
capital needs of our Financial Services business, which could alter our retail
store expansion program. 
 Our bank
subsidiary must satisfy the capital maintenance requirements of government
regulators and its agreement with Visa U.S.A., Inc. Visa ). A variety of
factors could cause the capital requirements of our bank subsidiary to exceed
our ability to generate capital internally or from third party sources. For
example, government regulators or Visa could unilaterally increase their minimum
capital requirements. Also, we have significant potential obligations in the
form of the unused credit lines of our cardholders. At the end of 2008, these
unfunded amounts totaled approximately 13 billion. Draws on these lines of
credit could materially exceed predicted line usage. In addition, the occurrence
of certain events, such as significant defaults in payment of securitized loans
or failure to comply with the terms of securitization covenants, may cause
previously completed securitization transactions to amortize earlier than
scheduled or be reclassified as a liability for financial accounting purposes,
both of which would have a significant effect on our ability to meet the capital
maintenance requirements of our bank subsidiary, as affected off-balance sheet
loans would immediately be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet and would
be subject to regulatory capital requirements. If any of these factors occur, we
may have to contribute capital to our bank subsidiary, which may require us to
raise additional debt or equity capital and/or divert capital from our Retail
and Direct businesses, which in turn could significantly alter our retail store
expansion strategy. In addition, our existing credit agreement limits the amount
of capital we can contribute to our bank subsidiary to 25 million in any fiscal
year or 75 million in the aggregate. In December 2008, we made a 25 million
capital contribution to our bank subsidiary through a convertible participating
preferred stock investment. 
 23 

The
volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets as well as
downgrades of the ratings on the outstanding notes issued by our Financial
Services business' securitization trust may negatively impact our ability to
access financing. 
 While we
intend to finance our growth initiatives and operations with existing cash, cash
flow from operations, and borrowings under our existing revolving credit
facility, we may require additional financing to support our growth initiatives
and operations. However, due to the existing uncertainty in the capital and
credit markets, our access to capital may not be available on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Further, the ability of our Financial Services business to
engage in securitization transactions on favorable terms or at all could be
adversely affected by further disruptions in the capital markets or other
events, which could materially affect our business and cause our Financial
Services business to lose an important source of capital. 
 In
addition, on February 19, 2009, Moody's Investors Service announced that it had
downgraded the ratings on 21 classes of asset-backed notes issued by the trust
of our Financial Services business. Downgrades could negatively impact the
ability of our Financial Services business to complete other securitization
transactions on acceptable terms or at all and force our Financial Services
business to rely on other potentially more expensive funding sources, to the
extent available, which would decrease our profitability. We do not believe that
this downgrade will have a significant impact on the ability of our Financial
Services business to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable
terms or to access financing. 
 With the
current disruptions and weakness in the credit markets, our Financial Services
business, like many other financial institutions, has increased its funding from
certificates of deposits. Our current funding strategy includes a continued
reliance on certificates of deposit to fund growth and maturing securitizations.
With the increase in other financial institutions relying on the deposits market
for liquidity and funding, competition in the deposits market may increase
resulting in less funds available or funds at unattractive rates. In addition to
the non-brokered certificates of deposit market to fund growth and maturing
securitizations, we have access to the brokered certificates of deposit market
through multiple financial institutions for liquidity and funding purposes. Our
ability to issue certificates of deposit is reliant on our current regulatory
capital levels. If our bank subsidiary were to be classified as an adequately
capitalized bank, we would be required to obtain a waiver from the FDIC in
order to continue to issue certificates of deposits. 
 Proposed amendments to accounting standards could require us to
consolidate previous and future securitization transactions, which could
materially adversely affect our financial condition and cause us to reallocate
capital from our Retail and Direct businesses to meet the capital needs of our
Financial Services business. 
 On
September 15, 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued two
exposure drafts proposing amendments to Financial Accounting Standards FAS 140, Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities and
FASB Interpretation No. 46R, Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities . Currently, the
transfers of our bank subsidiary s credit card receivables in securitization
transactions qualify for sale accounting treatment. The trusts used in our bank
subsidiary s securitizations are not consolidated with us for financial
reporting purposes because the trusts are qualifying special purpose entities QSPE ). Because the transfers qualify as sales and the trusts are not subject
to consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the trusts are not reported on
our consolidated balance sheet under generally accepted accounting principles.
The proposed amendments would eliminate the concept of a QSPE, modify the
consolidation model for variable interest entities, and require continual
reassessment of consolidation conclusions. As proposed, these amendments would
be effective for us at the beginning of our 2010 fiscal year. The proposed
amendments, if adopted, could require us to consolidate the assets and
liabilities of our bank subsidiary s securitization trusts. This could cause us
to breach certain financial covenants in our credit agreements and unsecured
notes. This could have a significant effect on our financial condition and
ability to meet the capital maintenance requirements of our bank subsidiary, as
affected off-balance sheet loans would be recorded on our consolidated balance
sheet and may be subject to regulatory capital requirements. 
 24 

It may
be difficult to sustain the historical growth and profitability of our Financial
Services business, and we will be subject to various risks as we attempt to grow
the business. 
 We may
not be able to retain existing cardholders, grow account balances, or attract
new cardholders and the profits from our Financial Services business could
decline, for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control,
including: 
 
 credit risk
 related to the loans we make to cardholders and the charge-off levels of our
 credit card accounts; 
 inability of cardholders to make payments to us
 due to current economic conditions and limited access to other credit
 sources; 
 inability to manage credit risk and keep credit
 models up to date with current consumer credit trends; 
 lack of growth of potential new customers
 generated by our Retail and Direct businesses; 
 liquidity and funding risk relating to our ability
 to create the liquidity necessary to extend credit to our cardholders and
 provide the capital necessary to meet the requirements of government
 regulators and Visa; and 
 operational risk related to our ability to acquire
 the necessary operational and organizational infrastructure, manage expenses
 as we expand, and recruit management and operations personnel with the
 experience to run an increasingly complex and highly-regulated business.
 
 Economic downturns and social and other factors could cause our credit
card charge-offs and delinquencies to increase, or credit card balances to
decrease, which would decrease our profitability. 
 Economic
downturns lead to higher unemployment rates and generally lead to increased
charge-offs and credit losses in the consumer finance industry, which could
cause us to experience increased charge-offs and delinquencies in our credit
card loan portfolio. An economic downturn can hurt our financial performance as
cardholders default on their balances or carry lower balances. A variety of
social and other factors also may cause changes in credit card use, payment
patterns, and the rate of defaults by cardholders. These social factors include
changes in consumer confidence levels, the public's perception of the use of
credit cards, changing attitudes about incurring debt, and the stigma of
personal bankruptcy. Additionally, credit card accounts tend to exhibit a rising
trend in credit loss and delinquency rates between 18 to 30 months after they
are issued. If the rate of growth in new account generation slows, the
proportion of accounts in the portfolio that have been open for between 18 to 30
months will increase and the percentage of charge-offs and delinquencies may
increase. Our underwriting criteria and product design may be insufficient to
protect the growth and profitability of our Financial Services business during a
sustained period of economic downturn or recession or a material shift in social
attitudes, and may be insufficient to protect against these additional negative
factors. 
 The
performance of our Financial Services business may be negatively affected by the
performance of our merchandising businesses. 
 Negative
developments in our Retail and Direct businesses could affect our ability to
grow or maintain our Financial Services business. We believe our ability to
maintain cardholders and attract new cardholders is highly correlated with
customer loyalty to our merchandising businesses and to the strength of the
Cabela's brand. In addition, transactions on cardholder accounts produce loyalty
points which the cardholder may apply to future purchases from us. Adverse
changes in the desirability of products we sell, negative trends in retail
customer service and satisfaction, or the termination or modification of the
loyalty program could have a negative impact on our bank subsidiary s ability to
grow its account base and to attract desirable co-branding opportunities with
third parties. 
 Our Financial Services
business faces the risk of a complex and changing regulatory and legal
environment. 
 Our
Financial Services business operates in a heavily regulated industry and is
therefore subject to a wide array of banking and consumer lending laws and
regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in
financial, structural, and operational penalties being imposed. In addition, as
a Visa member bank, our bank must comply with rules and regulations imposed by
Visa. For example, our bank and Cabela s could be fined by Visa for failing to
comply with Visa s data security standards. 
 25 

Effective
July 1, 2010, the Federal Reserve Board s amendments to Regulation AA (Unfair
or Deceptive Acts or Practices) and Regulation Z (Truth in Lending) will place
new limitations on credit card issuers. This includes new rules regarding
increasing interest rates, allocations of payments, reasonable time to make
payments, and changes to default pricing. In addition, these amendments will
increase disclosures to consumers as well as increase notice periods for changes
in terms and interest rates. The amendments will restrict our ability to manage
credit risk and interest rate risk which may negatively affect earnings. We are
evaluating these amendments and looking for ways to mitigate their potential
impact and reduce any material adverse effects to earnings. 
 Changes in interest rates
could have a negative impact on our earnings. 
 In
connection with our Financial Services business, we borrow money from
institutions and accept funds by issuing brokered and non-brokered certificates
of deposit, which we then lend to cardholders. We earn interest on the
cardholders' account balances, and pay interest on the certificates of deposit
and borrowings we use to fund those loans. Changes in these two interest rates
affect the value of the assets and liabilities of our Financial Services
business. If the rate of interest we pay on borrowings increases more (or more
rapidly) than the rate of interest we earn on loans, our net interest income,
and therefore our earnings, could fall. Our earnings could also be adversely
affected if the rates on our credit card account balances fall more quickly than
those on our borrowings. In addition, at the end of 2008, approximately 30.7 of
our cardholders did not maintain balances on their credit card accounts. We do
not earn any interest from these accounts but do earn other fees from these
accounts such as Visa interchange fees. 
 In the event interest rates rise, the spread
between the interest rate we pay on our borrowings and the fees we earn from
these accounts may change and our profitability may be adversely
affected. 
 
Credit card industry litigation could adversely impact the amount of revenue
generated by our Financial Services business. 
 Our
Financial Services business faces possible risk from the outcomes of certain
credit card industry litigation. For example, a number of entities, each
purporting to represent a class of retail merchants, have sued Visa and several
member banks, and other credit card associations, alleging, among other things,
that Visa and its member banks have violated U.S. antitrust laws by conspiring
to fix the level of interchange fees. To date, we have not been named as a
defendant in any credit card industry lawsuits. If the interchange fees that are
charged to merchants are reduced as a result of the interchange lawsuits or if
the credit card industry is adversely affected by other credit card industry
litigation, the financial condition and results of operations of our Financial
Services business may be negatively impacted. 
 Fluctuations in the value of
our interests in our securitizations relating to our Financial Services business
may adversely affect our earnings. 
 In
connection with our securitizations relating to our Financial Services business,
we retain certain interests in the assets included in the securitization. These
interests are carried on our consolidated financial statements and include our
"transferor s interest" in the securitized loans; an "interest-only strip,"
which represents our right to receive excess cash available after repayment of
all amounts due to the investors; servicing rights; and in some cases cash
reserve accounts and asset-backed securities, which may be subordinate to the
investors notes. The value of these retained interests depends upon income
earned on these interests which is affected by many factors not within our
control, including the performance of the securitized loans, interest paid to
the holders of securitization securities, credit losses, and transaction
expenses. The value of our interests in the securitizations will vary over time
as the amount of loans in the securitized pool and the performance of those
loans fluctuate. The performance of the loans included in our securitizations is
subject to the same risks and uncertainties that affect the loans that we have
not securitized, including, among others, increased delinquencies and credit
losses, economic downturns and social factors, interest rate fluctuations,
changes in government policies and regulations, competition, expenses,
dependence upon third-party vendors, fluctuations in accounts and account
balances, and industry risks. The earnings of our Financial Services business may also be
negatively impacted if certain securitizations were reduced or not renewed.
 
 26 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 In
addition to our retail stores listed below, we also operate our corporate
headquarters, administrative offices, three distribution centers, a merchandise
return center, five customer care centers, and a taxidermy manufacturing
facility. The following table provides information regarding the general
location, use, and approximate size of our principal non-retail properties:

Total 
 
 Segment That 
 
 Property 
 
 Location 
 
 Square
 Feet 
 
 Uses
 Property 
 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 
 Sidney,
 Nebraska 
 
 294,000 
 
 Retail,
 Direct and Other 
 
 Administrative Offices
 and Customer Care Center 
 
 Sidney,
 Nebraska 
 
 94,000 
 
 Retail, Direct and
 Other 
 
 Distribution Center 
 
 Sidney,
 Nebraska 
 
 752,000 
 
 Other 
 
 Distribution
 Center 
 
 Prairie du Chien,
 Wisconsin 
 
 1,071,000 
 
 Other 
 
 Distribution Center 
 
 Wheeling, West Virginia (1) 
 
 1,165,000 
 
 Other 
 
 Retail Store, Warehouse
 and Administrative Offices 
 
 Winnipeg,
 Manitoba 
 
 101,000 
 
 Retail and
 Direct 
 
 Merchandise Return Center 
 
 Oshkosh, Nebraska 
 
 52,000 
 
 Other 
 
 Customer Care
 Center 
 
 North Platte,
 Nebraska 
 
 12,000 
 
 Direct 
 
 Customer Care Center and Administrative Offices 
 
 Kearney, Nebraska 
 
 151,000 
 
 Retail
 and Direct 
 
 Customer Care
 Center 
 
 Grand Island, Nebraska
 (1) 
 
 12,000 
 
 Direct 
 
 Customer Care Center and Administrative Offices 
 
 Lincoln, Nebraska 
 
 76,000 
 
 Direct, Financial Services and Other 
 
 Manufacturing and
 Administrative Offices 
 
 Woonsocket, South
 Dakota 
 
 145,000 
 
 Direct ____________________ 

(1) 

We own all of these properties
 with the exception of leases we have entered into for the customer care
 center in Grand Island, Nebraska, and the distribution center in Wheeling,
 West Virginia. 
 We own
all of our retail stores except Boise, Idaho; Gonzales, Louisiana; Hazelwood,
Missouri; Scarborough, Maine; and Winnipeg, Manitoba; and we have a ground lease
for East Hartford, Connecticut. Also, in connection with some of the economic
development packages received from state or local governments where our stores
are located, we have entered into agreements granting ownership of the
taxidermy, diorama, or other portions of our stores to these state and local
governments. 
 27 

The
following table shows the location, opening date, and approximate total square
footage of our United States retail stores used in our Retail segment:

Total Square 
 
 Location 
 
 Opening
 Date 
 
 Footage 
 
 Kearney, Nebraska 
 
 October
 1987 
 
 35,000 
 
 Sidney,
 Nebraska 
 
 July 1991 
 
 104,000 
 
 Owatonna, Minnesota 
 
 March
 1998 
 
 163,000 
 
 Prairie Du Chien,
 Wisconsin 
 
 September
1998 
 
 53,000 
 
 East
 Grand Forks, Minnesota 
 
 September 1999 
 
 60,000 
 
 Dundee,
 Michigan 
 
 March 2000 
 
 227,000 
 
 Mitchell, South Dakota 
 
 August
 2000 
 
 84,000 
 
 Kansas City,
 Kansas 
 
 August 2002 
 
 192,000 
 
 Hamburg, Pennsylvania 
 
 September 2003 
 
 246,000 
 
 Wheeling, West
 Virginia 
 
 August 2004 
 
 175,000 
 
 Fort
 Worth, Texas 
 
 May
 2005 
 
 234,000 
 
 Buda, Texas 
 
 June 2005 
 
 192,000 
 
 Lehi,
 Utah 
 
 August
 2005 
 
 170,000 
 
 Rogers,
 Minnesota 
 
 October 2005 
 
 185,000 
 
 Glendale, Arizona 
 
 July
 2006 
 
 166,000 
 
 Boise,
 Idaho 
 
 August 2006 
 
 132,000 
 
 Richfield, Wisconsin 
 
 September 2006 
 
 166,000 
 
 La Vista,
 Nebraska 
 
 October 2006 
 
 129,000 
 
 Hazelwood, Missouri 
 
 April
 2007 
 
 132,000 
 
 Hoffman Estates,
 Illinois 
 
 September
2007 
 
 195,000 
 
 East
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 
 October
 2007 
 
 196,000 
 
 Gonzales,
 Louisiana 
 
 October 2007 
 
 167,000 
 
 Hammond, Indiana 
 
 October
 2007 
 
 189,000 
 
 Reno, Nevada 
 
 November 2007 
 
 129,000 
 
 Post
 Falls, Idaho 
 
 November 2007 
 
 129,000 
 
 Lacey,
 Washington 
 
 November 2007 
 
 195,000 
 
 Scarborough, Maine 
 
 May
 2008 
 
 129,000 
 
 Rapid City, South
 Dakota 
 
 August 2008 
 
 80,000 
 
 At
December 27, 2008, the total net book value of our property and equipment was
 881 million. At the end of 2008, we believe that our properties and equipment
were suitable for their intended use. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
 We are
party to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes, and claims arising in the
ordinary course of our business. These actions include commercial, intellectual
property, employment, and product liability claims. Some of these actions
involve complex factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. We
cannot predict with assurance the outcome of the actions brought against us.
Accordingly, adverse developments, settlements, or resolutions may occur and
negatively impact earnings in the quarter of such development, settlement, or
resolution. However, we do not believe that the outcome of any current action
would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows,
or financial position taken as a whole. 
 ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A
VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
 No matters were submitted to a vote
of security holders during the fourth quarter of 2008. 
 28 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
 EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
 SECURITIES 
 Price Range of Common Stock
 
 We have
common stock and non-voting common stock. Our common stock began trading on June
25, 2004, on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol CAB . Prior
to that date, there was no public market for our common stock. Our non-voting
common stock is not listed on any exchange and not traded over the counter. As
of February 18, 2009, there were 959 holders of record of our common stock and
no holders of record of our non-voting common stock. This does not include
persons who hold our common stock in nominee or street name accounts through
brokers or banks. 
 The
following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low
sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE: 

2008 
 
 2007 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 First
 Quarter 

16.29 

11.08 

26.49 

22.43 
 
 Second
Quarter 

16.25 

11.00 

25.18 

21.14 
 
 Third
 Quarter 

15.75 

9.67 

28.80 

20.05 
 
 Fourth
Quarter 

13.03 

4.18 

24.43 

13.89 
 29 

Stock Performance Graph
 
 The
following stock performance graph and table show Cabela s cumulative total
shareholder return on a quarterly basis since the beginning of our first full
quarter following the date of our initial public offering. The graph and table
also show the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Retailing Index and
the S P 500 Index. The graph and table assume that 100 was invested on July
2, 2004. 

July
 2, 
 
 Dec.
 31, 
 
 July
 1, 
 
 Dec.
 30, 
 
 June
 30, 
 
 Dec.
 29, 
 
 June
 30, 
 
 Dec.
 29, 
 
 Mar.
 29, 
 
 June
 28, 
 
 Sept.
 27, 
 
 Dec.
 27, 

2004 
 
 2004 
 
 2005 
 
 2005 
 
 2006 
 
 2006 
 
 2007 
 
 2007 
 
 2008 
 
 2008 
 
 2008 
 
 2008 
 
 Cabela's Inc. 

100 

85 

78 

62 

72 

90 

82 

55 

52 

41 

48 

24 
 
 S P 500 Retailing
 Index 

100 

117 

111 

115 

114 

126 

130 

103 

96 

91 

95 

68 
 
 S P
 500 Index 

100 

108 

106 

111 

113 

126 

134 

131 

117 

114 

108 

78 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have
never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. In addition, our revolving credit facility and our senior notes limit
our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Equity Compensation
Plans 
 For
information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation
plans, see Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 30 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA 

Fiscal Year (1) 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 

(In Thousands Except Earnings per
 Share) 
 
 Operations Data: 

Revenue: 

Merchandise revenue 

2,380,655 

2,173,995 

1,908,801 

1,664,272 

1,474,415 

Financial services
 revenue 

158,971 

159,335 

137,423 

105,831 

69,060 

Other revenue 

13,095 

16,269 

17,300 

29,558 

12,499 

Total revenue 

2,552,721 

2,349,599 

2,063,524 

1,799,661 

1,555,974 

Cost of
 revenue 

1,540,214 

1,378,386 

1,204,399 

1,064,322 

925,665 

Selling, distribution,
 and administrative expenses 

871,468 

820,121 

715,380 

620,376 

533,094 

Operating income 

141,039 

151,092 

143,745 

114,963 

97,215 

Interest (expense) income,
 net 

(29,658) 

(18,778) 

(16,126) 

(10,256) 

(7,577) 
 
 Other income 

6,854 

6,913 

9,637 

10,663 

10,443 

Income
 before provision for income taxes 

118,235 

139,227 

137,256 

115,370 

100,081 

Provision for income
 taxes 

41,831 

51,348 

51,471 

42,801 

35,085 

Net
 income available to common stockholders 

76,404 

87,879 

85,785 

72,569 

64,996 

Basic
 earnings per share 

1.15 

1.34 

1.32 

1.12 

1.06 

Diluted earnings per
 share 

1.14 

1.31 

1.29 

1.10 

1.03 

Selected Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents (2) 

410,104 

131,182 

172,903 

86,923 

123,934 

Working
 capital (2) 

573,410 

263,284 

335,387 

145,559 

274,746 

Total assets 

2,396,066 

2,212,830 

1,751,230 

1,366,280 

1,228,231 

Total
 debt 

380,031 

503,385 

317,873 

119,826 

148,152 

Total stockholders'
 equity 

913,705 

828,559 

733,858 

639,853 

566,354 

Other Data: 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

64,673 

59,863 

45,559 

34,912 

29,843 

Property and equipment additions including 

accrued amounts 

54,934 

364,326 

190,592 

203,157 

52,568 

Purchases of economic
 development bonds 

18,525 

36,223 

23,397 

65,077 

74,492 
 ____________________ 

(1) 

Fiscal years are based on the
 52-53 week period ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal
 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004 each consisted of 52
 weeks. 

(2) 

Cash and cash equivalents
 includes amounts for World's Foremost Bank which were 402 million, 123
 million, 53 million, 81 million, and 58 million at years ended 2008,
 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004. Due to regulatory restrictions, our ability to
 use this cash for non-banking operations, including for working capital
 for our Retail or Direct businesses or for retail store expansion, is
 limited. 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, and capital resources should be read in conjunction with our audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this
report. 
 Forward Looking Statements Our discussion contains
forward-looking statements with respect to our plans and strategies for our
businesses and the business environment that are impacted by risks and
uncertainties. Refer to Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
preceding PART I, ITEM 1, and to ITEM 1A Risk Factors for information
regarding certain of the risks and uncertainties that affect our business and
the industries in which we operate. 
 Please note that our actual results may differ
materially from those we may estimate or project in any of these forward-looking
statements. 
 Cabela s 
 We are a
leading specialty retailer, and the world s largest direct marketer, of hunting,
fishing, camping, and related outdoor merchandise. We provide a quality service
to our customers who enjoy an outdoor lifestyle by supplying outdoor products
through our multi-channel retail business consisting of our Retail and Direct
business segments. Our Retail business segment is comprised of 29 stores, 28
located in the United States and one in Canada. Our Direct business segment is
comprised of our catalog mail order business and our highly acclaimed Internet
website. 
 Our
Financial Services business segment also plays an integral role in supporting
our merchandising business. Our Financial Services business segment is comprised
of our credit card services which reinforces our strong brand and strengthens
our customer loyalty through our credit card loyalty programs. 

 Fiscal 2008 Overview 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Revenue: 

Retail 

1,285,496 

1,043,442 

242,054 

23.2 

Direct 

1,095,159 

1,130,553 

(35,394) 
 
 (3.1) 

Total merchandise sales 

2,380,655 

2,173,995 

206,660 

9.5 

Financial Services 

158,971 

159,335 

(364) 
 
 (0.2) 
 
 Other revenue 

13,095 

16,269 

(3,174) 
 
 (19.5) 
 
 Total
 revenue 

2,552,721 

2,349,599 

203,122 

8.6 

Operating income 

141,039 

151,092 

(10,053) 
 
 (6.7) 

Net
 income per diluted share 

1.14 

1.31 

(0.17) 
 
 (13.0) 
 32 

Revenues
for 2008 totaled 2.6 billion, an increase of 8.6 over 2007. Revenues increased
in 2008 principally from the opening of two new stores in 2008 and eight in
2007. Direct revenue decreased 3.1 compared to 2007. Operating income totaled
 141 million for 2008, a decrease of 6.7 from 2007. Net income per diluted
share for 2008 was 1.14 compared to 1.31 for 2007. 
 Our 2008
operating results were impacted by a challenging retail and macroeconomic
environment resulting in slowed retail store and Direct sales, deterioration in
merchandise gross margins from promotional and discounted merchandise sales, and
decreases in securitization income. 
 Other significant items which
directly impact comparisons of our operating results for 2008 were: 
 
 an increase in selling, distribution, and
 administrative expenses due to the addition of new stores in 2008 and 2007 and
 the infrastructure necessary to support this expansion; 
 10 million in breakage recorded in revenue and
 operating income where the probability of redemption is remote on gift
 certificates, gift cards, and e-certificates; 
 new store pre-opening costs of 8 million; 
 restructuring and impairment charges in selling,
 distribution, and administrative expenses totaling 6 million; and 
 Financial Services revenue decreasing principally
 from decreases in securitization income, higher spreads and fees paid to
 investors on new securitizations, and related decreases in the valuation of
 our interest-only strips associated with our securitized loans; mostly offset
 by growth in the number of active credit card accounts, the associated loans,
 and interchange income. 
 Current Year Achievements 
 
 2008 was
highlighted by the opening of two new stores, one of which incorporated our
 next generation store format, the completion of our customer service
enhancements, and operational achievements outlined further below. 
 Retail Store Openings Our two new stores increased our total retail store square footage by
200,000 square feet bringing our total retail square footage to 4.3 million
square feet at the end of 2008. 
 Customer Service Enhancements We offered our customers integrated
opportunities to access and use our retail store, catalog, and Internet
channels, including the completion of our customer service enhancements in the first
quarter of 2008 . We completed implementation of
customer service enhancements directed at increasing sales and customer
satisfaction in our retail stores including: 
 
 in-store pick-up for catalog and Internet
 orders, 
 installation of Internet kiosks, and 
 the installation of catalog order
 desks. 
 Cabela s
was also listed among 14 companies featured in the book, The Customer Rules, which
focuses on excellence in customer service. 
 33 

Retail
Achievements We were recognized as a
top customer service retailer by the following: 
 
 Incentive Magazine s Platinum Partner Award for excellence recognizing us for
 delivery of quality products and services in the incentive industry. 
 Cabela s rated in the top 10 for high-quality
 customer service by Gethuman, October 2008, a web site dedicated to educating
 enterprises on the importance and cost savings of providing high-quality
 customer service. 
 Listed among the top retailers for superior
 customer service (poll conducted September 2008 by National Retail
 Federation s Foundation/American Express 2008 Customer Service survey). 

 Included in the Top 11 for customer service
 rankings ranked Overall BEST by BIGresearch, CIA in September
 2008. 
 We have
also teamed up with Ford Motor Company to debut the Cabela s Edition FX4 package
on selected F-Series trucks. 
 Internet Our Internet website continued to receive awards and high
praise for excellence, including the following awards and
recognition: 
 
 Our website was the most visited sporting goods
 industry eCommerce website according to Hitwise, Incorporated, an online
 measurement company. Internet visits increased by 32.0 in 2008 over
 2007. 
 Our website continues to be ranked in the top
 group among online retailers for reliability and responsiveness - an
 indication of download page speed and completing transactions for customers
 (measured by industry publications). 
 Financial Services Business In 2008, our Financial Services business
completed two term securitizations totaling 700 million, added two variable
funding facilities totaling 500 million, and renewed a 350 million variable
funding facility. In addition, we continued to add new credit cardholders as the
number of average active accounts increased 15.5 to 1.14 million over
2007. 
 2009 and Beyond 
 While we
anticipate that the business environment in which we operate will be challenging
in 2009, we believe our multi-channel model and our strong brand name provides
us with opportunities for growth and profitability. Over our history, we have
established name recognition and a quality brand that is renowned and respected
in the outdoor industry. Throughout our multi-channel business, our strategy is
to continue our focus on providing legendary customer service, quality, and
selection. 
 Our
primary focus is on managing our business efficiently to enhance near-term and
long-term results for our shareholders. We are also focusing on improving our
retail store operating metrics. We slowed our planned new store opening schedule
to one store in 2009 in order to focus on Retail operations and to manage
capital expenditures. Our focus for 2009 continues to be making progress on the
following initiatives: 
 
 improve our advertising strategy by using more
 targeted campaigns throughout our multi-channel model to increase store
 traffic; 
 improve retail store sales and profitability
 through enhanced product assortment, streamlined flow of merchandise to our
 retail stores, and reduced operating expenses; 
 maintain merchandise gross margins in each of our
 sales channels; and 
 improve inventory management by actively managing
 inventory levels and product deliveries through technologies and by reducing
 unproductive inventory. 
 34 

Retail Store Efficiencies For 2009, our primary objective is to enhance our retail store
profitability. We are working on this objective by enhancing and optimizing our
retail store merchandising processes, management information systems, and
distribution and logistics capabilities. We continue to flex merchandise at our
stores by adding more seasonal product assortments and to improve our visual
merchandising. Also, we continue to improve the flow of merchandise to our
stores increasing productivity and reducing labor costs as a percentage of
revenue. To enhance customer service at our retail stores, we are focusing on
customer service through training and mentoring programs. For 2008 compared to
2007, operating income for our Retail business segment increased 14 million,
despite a deteriorating consumer spending environment. This increase in
operating income was in part due to improvements in labor productivity in our
retail stores . 
 Leverage Our Multi-Channel Model Our in-store pick-up program allows
customers to order products through our catalogs and Internet site, and have
them delivered to the retail store of their choice without incurring shipping
costs, increasing foot traffic in our stores. Conversely, our retail stores
introduce customers to our Internet and catalog channels. We are capitalizing on
our multi-channel model by building on the strengths of each channel, primarily
through improvements in our merchandise planning and replenishment systems.
These systems allow us to identify the correct product mix in each of our retail
stores, and also help maintain the proper inventory levels to satisfy customer
demand in both our Retail and Direct business channels. 
 Next Generation Stores To
enhance our returns on capital we developed a next generation store format
incorporating the following objectives: 
 
 a store development model adaptable to more
 markets, faster to start-up, and more efficient
 to operate to reduce our investment and
 increase sales per square foot; and 
 to provide shopper-friendly layouts with
 regionalized product mixes, concept shops, and new product displays/fixtures
 featuring an improved look. 
 We
incorporated these next generation store concepts into our new Rapid City, South
Dakota, store which opened in 2008. Our retail store in Billings, Montana,
scheduled to open in the second quarter of 2009 will also encompass our next
generation store format. 
 Direct Business Expansion We are
working on the following key growth objectives to expand our catalog and
Internet channels: 
 
 natural growth by offering industry-leading
 selection, service, value, and quality; 
 acquisition, retention, and reactivation of
 customers through our multi-channel platform; 
 category expansion to capitalize on the general
 outdoor enthusiast; 
 develop and execute strategies to broaden our
 exposure to different growing networks, e-commerce platforms, and
 international e-commerce growth; 
 an enhanced focus on the Canadian market by
 building on our Canada acquisition; and 
 targeted marketing designed to increase sales of
 certain on-line market sectors. 
 Although
the number of Direct customers who purchased merchandise from us in the last
twelve months decreased by 4.0 compared to 2007, our total Direct customer base
expanded during 2008 compared to 2007, positioning ourselves for future revenue
growth when the economy improves. 
 Growth of Our Credit Card Business We
continue working toward increasing our Financial Services revenue by attracting
new cardholders through lower cost marketing efforts with our Retail and Direct
businesses. By continuing our conservative underwriting and account management
standards and practices, we are controlling costs in our Financial Services
segment through active management of our credit card delinquencies and
charge-offs which directly impacts our securitization income. 
 Uncertainty in Worldwide Credit Markets and Macroeconomic
Environment We expect a challenging
business environment in 2009 that may impact our access to credit which we rely
on to finance our merchandising and Financial Services businesses. We will
continue to monitor our debt covenant compliance provisions and our access to
the credit markets. Our Financial Services business will continue to monitor
developments in the securitization and certificates of deposit markets to ensure
adequate access to liquidity. 
 35 

Operations Review 
 Our operating
results expressed as a percentage of revenue were as follows for the years
ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Revenue 
 
 100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

Cost of
 revenue 
 
 60.34 

58.66 

58.37 

Gross profit (exclusive of
 depreciation and amortization) 
 
 39.66 

41.34 

41.63 

Selling, distribution,
 and administrative expenses 
 
 34.14 

34.90 

34.67 

Operating income 
 
 5.52 

6.44 

6.96 

Other income
 (expense): 

Interest expense,
net 
 
 (1.16) 
 
 (0.80) 
 
 (0.78) 
 
 Other income, net 
 
 0.27 

0.29 

0.47 

Total
 other income (expense), net 
 
 (0.89) 
 
 (0.51) 
 
 (0.31) 
 
 Income before provision
 for income taxes 
 
 4.63 

5.93 

6.65 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 1.64 

2.19 

2.49 

Net income 
 
 2.99 

3.74 

4.16 
 
 Results of Operations - 2008 Compared to
2007 
 Revenues 

Increase 

2008 

2007 

(Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Retail 

1,285,496 
 
 50.4 

1,043,442 
 
 44.4 

242,054 

23.2 

Direct 

1,095,159 
 
 42.9 

1,130,553 
 
 48.1 

(35,394) 
 
 (3.1) 
 
 Financial Services 

158,971 
 
 6.2 

159,335 
 
 6.8 

(364) 
 
 (0.2) 
 
 Other 

13,095 
 
 0.5 

16,269 
 
 0.7 

(3,174) 
 
 (19.5) 

2,552,72 1 
 
 100.0 

2,349,599 
 
 100.0 

203,122 

8.6 
 
 For 2008,
our Retail and Direct sales continued to be impacted by a challenging retail and
macroeconomic environment. Despite this challenging environment, revenue in our
merchandising businesses increased in 2008 compared to 2007. 
 36 

Product Sales Mix 
 - Our five retail
merchandise product categories, and the percentage of revenue contributed by
each, are presented in the following table for our Retail and Direct businesses
and in total for the years ended: 

Retail 
 
 Direct 
 
 Total 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Hunting Equipment 
 
 41.6 

38.7 

27.3 

26.6 

35.2 

32.6 

Fishing and
 Marine 
 
 15.3 

15.6 

11.0 

12.3 

13.4 

14.0 

Camping 
 
 12.9 

12.9 

16.2 

15.4 

14.3 

14.1 

Clothing and
 Footwear 
 
 25.2 

27.0 

35.9 

36.3 

30.0 

31.7 

Gifts and Furnishings 
 
 5.0 

5.8 

9.6 

9.4 

7.1 

7.6 

Total 
 
 100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 
 
 Retail Revenue Retail revenue includes merchandise sales in, and services
performed at, our retail stores, sales from orders placed through our retail
store Internet kiosks, and sales from customers utilizing our in-store pick-up
program. Retail revenue increased 242 million for 2008 primarily from the
opening of new stores in 2008 and 2007. The product category
that contributed the largest dollar volume increase to our Retail revenue for
2008 over 2007 was hunting equipment. 
 Retail revenue also includes income
from the sale of gift certificates, gift cards, and e-certificates gift
instruments recognized in revenue when the gift instruments are redeemed for
merchandise or services. We record gift instrument breakage as revenue when the
probability of redemption is remote. Historically, we recognized breakage seven
years after the issuance of a gift certificate or gift card. In the fourth
quarter of 2008, we began recognizing breakage on gift instruments four years
after issuance as a result of changes in historical trends in the types of gift
instruments issued and related redemption rates. The impact of the change in
estimate in the fourth quarter of 2008 was an increase in revenue and operating
income of 8.7 million. Total gift instrument breakage recognized was 10.2
million, 1.5 million, and 1.4 million for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.
Our gift instrument liability at the end of 2008 and 2007 was 106 million and
 113 million, respectively. 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Comparable stores sales 

884,970 

919,258 

(34,288) 
 
 (3.7) 
 
 Comparable
 stores sales growth percentage 

(3.7) 

(1.2) 

Comparable store sales decreased 34 million, or 3.7 , for 2008
principally because of the challenging macroeconomic and retail industry
environment, a lowering of overall consumer confidence as consumers continued to
pull back discretionary spending, and competition in certain markets, all which
negatively impacted sales growth. A store is included in our comparable store
sales base on the first day of the month following the fifteen month anniversary
of 1) its opening or acquisition, or 2) any expansion of greater than 25 of
total square footage of the store. 
 Average
sales per square foot for stores that were open during the entire year were 301
for 2008 compared to 332 for 2007. The decrease in average sales per square
foot resulted from a decrease in comparable store sales and sales at certain new
stores being less than historical averages. 
 Direct Revenue Direct revenue includes catalog
and Internet sales from orders placed over the phone, by mail, and through our
website where the merchandise is shipped to any non-retail store location.
Direct revenue decreased 35 million, or 3.1 , primarily due to lower catalog
sales and to some cannibalization relating to our new retail stores, partially
offset by increased Internet sales. We expect catalog mail order sales to
continue to decrease as sales transition to our Internet site and our new retail
stores. 
 37 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 
 
 Percentage increase year over year in Internet website
 visits 
 
 32.0 

30.2 

Catalog
 circulation in pages (in millions) 
 
 32,085 

36,499 

(4,414) 
 
 (12.1) 
 
 Number of separate catalog titles circulated 
 
 100 

91 

9 

Internet
site visits increased as we continued to focus our efforts on utilizing Direct
marketing programs to increase traffic to our website. The net decrease in
Direct revenue for 2008 compared to 2007 was due to decreases in the fishing and
marine and the clothing and footwear general product categories, partially
offset by increases in camping, hunting equipment, and gifts and furnishings.
The number of active Direct customers, which we define as those customers who
have purchased merchandise from us in the last twelve months, decreased by 4.0 
compared to 2007. 
 Financial Services Revenue The components of Financial
Services revenue on a generally accepted accounting principles GAAP basis
were as follows for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Interest and fee income, net of provision for loan losses 

37,462 

28,974 

23,973 

Interest
 expense 

(13,417) 

(7,288) 

(5,008) 

Net interest income, net of provision for loan
 losses 

24,045 

21,686 

18,965 

Non-interest
 income: 

Securitization income (including gains on sales of 

credit card loans of 15,657, 22,740 and
 17,410) 

185,820 

194,516 

169,173 

Other non-interest income 

67,375 

51,670 

39,381 

Total non-interest income 

253,195 

246,186 

208,554 

Less: Customer
 rewards costs 

(118,269) 

(108,537) 

(90,096) 

Financial Services
 revenue 

158,971 

159,335 

137,423 
 
 Financial
Services revenue decreased 0.2 in 2008 compared to 2007. Credit card loans
securitized and sold are removed from our consolidated balance sheet, and the
net earnings on these securitized assets, after paying costs associated with
outside investors, are reflected as a component of our securitization income
shown above on a GAAP basis. Net interest income includes operating results on
the credit card loans receivable we own. Interest and fee income increased 8
million primarily due to changes in the percentage of securitized loans we
retained, changes to interest and fees charged, and account growth, which was
partially offset by decreases in interest rates. Other non-interest income
includes securitization income, gains on sales of loans, and income recognized
on our retained interests, as well as interchange income on the entire managed
portfolio. Excluding the effect of the reduction of gains on the sale of credit
card loans, securitization income decreased 2 million from 2007, due primarily
to changes in the percentage of securitized loans we retained. Other
non-interest income increased 16 million primarily from increases in servicing
fees on securitized loans year over year, changes in the percentage of
securitized loans we retained, interchange and other fee income, and account
growth. Customer rewards costs increased 10 million from continued growth in
the Cabela s CLUB Visa card usage by our customers. 
 Managed
credit card loans of the Financial Services business segment include both credit
card loans receivable we own and securitized credit card loans in a separate
trust that is not consolidated in our financial statements. The process by which
credit card loans are securitized converts interest income, interchange income,
credit card fees, credit losses, and other income and expenses on the
securitized loans into securitization income. Because the financial performance
of the total managed portfolio has a significant impact on earnings we receive
from servicing the portfolio, management believes that evaluating the components
of our Financial Services revenue for both owned loans and securitized loans, as
presented below in the non-GAAP presentation, is important to analyzing
results. 
 38 

Key
statistics reflecting the performance of our Financial Services business are
shown in the following chart for the years ended: 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands Except Average Balance per Account) 
 
 Average balance of managed credit card loans 

2,085,481 

1,690,543 

394,938 

23.4 

Average number
 of active credit card accounts 

1,140,834 

987,411 

153,423 

15.5 

Average balance per active credit card account 

1,828 

1,712 

116 

6.8 

Net charge-offs on managed loans 

61,448 

33,898 

27,550 

81.3 

Net charge-offs
 as a percentage of average 

managed credit card loans 

2.95 

2.01 

0.94 

The
balance of average managed credit card loans increased to 2.1 billion, or
23.4 , because of the increase in the number of accounts and the average balance
per account. The average number of accounts increased to over 1.1 million, or
15.5 , due to our marketing efforts to add additional accounts. Net charge-offs
as a percentage of average managed credit card loans increased to 2.95 for 2008
principally because of the challenging macroeconomic environment. We believe our
charge-off levels remain well below industry average and that our increase in
net charge-offs in 2008 compared to 2007 was lower than industry
averages. 
 Non-GAAP Presentation The
 non-GAAP presentation shown below presents the financial performance of the
total managed portfolio of credit card loans. Although our consolidated
financial statements are not presented in this manner, we review the performance
of the managed portfolio as presented below. Interest income, interchange income
(net of customer rewards), and fee income on both the owned and securitized
portfolio are reflected in the respective line items. Interest paid to outside
investors on the securitized credit card loans is included in interest expense.
Credit losses on the entire managed portfolio are reflected in the provision for
loan losses. 
 The
following table sets forth the revenue components of our Financial Services
segment managed portfolio on a non-GAAP basis for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Interest income 

202,877 

186,341 

145,425 

Interchange
 income, net of customer rewards costs 

75,827 

62,066 

51,086 

Other fee income 

37,806 

27,233 

22,829 

Interest
 expense 

(89,862) 

(83,120) 

(64,910) 
 
 Provision for loan losses 

(64,003) 

(35,415) 

(26,064) 
 
 Other 

(3,674) 

2,230 

9,057 

Managed Financial Services revenue 

158,971 

159,335 

137,423 

Managed Financial Services
 Revenue as a Percentage of Average Managed Credit Card
 Loans: 

Interest income 

9.7 

11.0 

10.7 

Interchange
 income, net of customer 

rewards costs 

3.6 

3.7 

3.8 

Other fee income 

1.9 

1.6 

1.7 

Interest
 expense 

(4.3) 

(4.9) 

(4.8) 
 
 Provision for loan losses 

(3.1) 

(2.1) 

(1.9) 
 
 Other 

(0.2) 

0.1 

0.6 

Managed Financial Services
 revenue 

7.6 

9.4 

10.1 
 
 39 

The
increase in interest income of 17 million in 2008 from 2007 was due to an
increase in managed credit card loans and changes to interest charged, partially
offset by decreases in interest rates. The increase in interchange income of 14
million in 2008 from 2007 was driven by net credit card purchases, which
increased 14.5 over 2007. Other fee income increased 11 million due to growth
in the number of credit card loans, changes to fees charged, and increases
in late fees, overlimit fees, and payment assurance fees. The increases in
interest income and interchange income were partially offset by an increase in
interest expense of 7 million from increases in securitized credit card loans
and borrowings, higher spreads and fees paid to investors on new
securitizations, partially offset by decreases in London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR interest rates. Also, partially offsetting the increases in interest
income and interchange income was an increase in the provision for loan losses
of 29 million from increases in managed credit card loans and a decrease of 6
million in the Other category. 
 Our
Cabela's CLUB Visa card loyalty program allows customers to earn points whenever
and wherever they use their credit card, and then redeem earned points for
products and services at our retail stores or through our Direct business. The
percentage of our merchandise sales that were made on the Cabela s CLUB card was
27.5 for 2008 compared to 26.3 for 2007. The dollar amounts related to
points are accrued as earned by the cardholder and recorded as a reduction in
Financial Services revenue. The dollar amount of unredeemed credit card points
and loyalty points was 106 million at the end of 2008 compared to 71 million
at the end of 2007. 
 Other Revenue 
 Other
revenue sources include sales of land held for sale, amounts received from our
outfitter services, real estate rental income, and fees earned through our
travel business and other complementary business services. 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Other revenue 

13,095 

16,269 

(3,174) 
 
 (19.5) 
 
 Land sales
 (included in Other revenue) 

6,049 

8,866 

(2,817) 
 
 (31.8) 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross
profit, or gross margin, is defined as total revenue less the costs of related
merchandise sold and shipping costs. Comparisons of gross profit and gross
profit as a percentage of revenue for our operations, year over year, and to the
retail industry in general, are impacted by: 
 
 retail store, distribution, and warehousing costs
 which we exclude from our cost of revenue; 
 Financial Services revenue that we include in
 revenue for which there are no costs of revenue; 
 real estate land sales we include in revenue for
 which costs vary by transaction; 
 outfitter services revenue that we include in
 revenue for which there are no costs of revenue; and 
 customer shipping charges in revenue which are
 slightly higher than shipping costs in costs of revenue because of our
 practice of pricing shipping charges to match costs. 
 40 

Accordingly, comparisons of gross margins on merchandising revenue
presented below are the best metrics for analysis of our gross
profit: 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Merchandise sales 

2,380,655 

2,173,995 

206,660 
 
 9.5 

Merchandise
 gross margin 

841,498 

797,304 

44,194 
 
 5.5 

Merchandise gross margin as a percentage 

of merchandise revenue 

35.3 

36.7 

Merchandise Gross Margins Gross margins of our merchandising
business increased 44 million, or 5.5 , to 841 million for 2008. Merchandise
gross margins as a percentage of revenue of our merchandising business decreased
to 35.3 for 2008 from 36.7 for 2007. The decrease in merchandise gross margins
as a percentage of revenue for 2008 compared to 2007 is primarily attributable
to an increase in sales discounts and allowances, an increase in hard goods
sales with lower margins for 2008 compared to 2007, a shift in sales between
channels, and a decrease in our shipping margin. Also in 2008, we experienced
margin pressure in certain hard goods categories due to increases in commodity
prices. The merchandise gross margin for 2008 also includes the 8.7
million of gift instrument breakage previously described. Excluding this 8.7
million of gift instrument breakage, our merchandise gross margin for 2008 was
35.0 . 
 Selling, Distribution, and
Administrative Expenses 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 

871,468 

820,121 

51,347 

6.3 

SD A
 expenses as a percentage of total revenue 

34.1 

34.9 

Retail store pre-opening costs 

8,356 

17,136 

(8,780) 
 
 (51.2) 
 Selling,
distribution, and administrative expenses include all operating expenses related
to our retail stores, Internet website, distribution centers, product
procurement, and overhead costs, including: advertising and marketing, catalog
costs, employee compensation and benefits, occupancy costs, information systems
processing, and depreciation and amortization. 
 Selling,
distribution, and administrative expenses on a consolidated basis increased 51
million, or 6.3 , for 2008 over 2007. The primary reason for the increase
was the addition of two new stores in 2008 and eight new stores in 2007 (six
added in the fourth quarter of 2007), along with the addition of infrastructure
necessary to support this store expansion. The most significant factors
contributing to the increase in selling, distribution, and administrative
expenses, and the infrastructure expansion required to support the revenue
growth in 2008 from our retail store expansion, included increases
in: 
 
 employee compensation, benefits, training, and
 recruitment costs of 21 million; 
 contract labor and facility depreciation of 7
 million; 
 advertising costs of 7 million; 
 property and other business taxes of 8 million;
 and 
 restructuring and impairment charges of 6
 million. 
 41 

Significant selling, distribution, and administrative expense increases
and decreases related to specific business segments included the
following: 
 Retail
Business Segment: 
 
 Operating costs for new stores that were not open
 in 2007 of 60 million, including employee compensation and benefits costs of
 38 million and 10 million in advertising and promotional expenses. 
 An increase in existing retail store
 operating costs of 14 million over 2007. 
 A decrease in comparable store employee
 compensation and benefits of 9 million resulting from staffing changes and
 declining sales in comparable stores. 
 An increase in depreciation on stores of 8
 million over 2007. 
 New store pre-opening costs of 8 million, a
 decrease of 9 million compared to 2007. 
 Lower marketing fees of 1 million received from
 the Financial Services segment. 
 Direct
Business Segment: 
 
 A decrease in catalog costs and certain
 information system costs of 9 million compared to 2007 specifically related
 to our website. 
 Lower marketing fees of 4 million received from
 the Financial Services segment. 
 Financial
Services: 
 
 A decrease in advertising and promotional costs of
 6 million due to new marketing incentives received, less new accounts, which
 were partially offset by increases in new account acquisition costs. 
 A decrease of 5 million in the marketing fee paid
 by the Financial Services segment to the Direct business segment 4 million)
 and the Retail business segment 1 million). 
 An increase in professional fees of 2 million
 from additional securitizations completed in 2008. 
 An increase in third party processing fees of 1
 million due to an increase in the volume of transactions. 
 Postage cost increases of 1 million from
 increases in the number of accounts and additional mailings for changes in
 terms. 
 Corporate
Overhead, Distribution Centers, and Other: 
 
 An increase of 6 million related to restructuring
 and impairment charges recognized in the fourth quarter of 2008. 
 A decrease in depreciation expense of 3
 million primarily related to longer estimated useful lives for information
 system hardware and software in 2008 versus 2007. 
 A decrease of 2 million in equipment and software
 expenses principally from less equipment and software
expenditures. 
 Restructuring and Impairment
Charges 
 Our
operating results for 2008 declined compared to 2007 as we continued to be
impacted by a challenging retail and macroeconomic environment resulting in
slowed retail store and Direct segment sales. Comparable store sales decreased
 34 million, or 3.7 , for 2008 compared to 2007. After completing a review of
our organizational structure, in October 2008 we announced a reduction in
workforce of approximately 10 at our company headquarters. Severance and
related benefits under this workforce reduction totaled approximately 2
million, which are recorded in selling, distribution, and administrative
expenses. 
 During
the fourth quarter of 2008, we completed our annual impairment analyses on
goodwill and other intangible assets. We recognized an impairment of 1 million
recorded in selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in our Direct
segment where projected discounted cash flows were less than the fair value of
the reporting unit. 
 In
addition, we evaluated the recoverability of our available-for-sale economic
development bonds being actively marketed and recorded an other-than-temporary
impairment. We also evaluated the recoverability of certain property and
equipment. Write-downs related to these assets totaled 2 million, and in
addition to the prepayment penalties of 1 million incurred in the fourth
quarter of 2008, total restructuring and impairment charges of 6 million
were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2008. 
 42 

Operating Income 
 Operating
income is revenue less cost of revenue and selling, distribution, and
administrative expenses. Operating income for our business segments excludes
costs associated with operating expenses of distribution centers, procurement
activities, and other corporate overhead costs. 

Increase 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Total operating income 

141,039 

151,092 

(10,053) 
 
 (6.7) 
 
 Total operating
 income as a percentage of total revenue 

5.5 

6.4 

Operating income by business segment: 

Retail 

141,578 

127,744 

13,834 

10.8 

Direct 

161,249 

190,046 

(28,797) 
 
 (15.2) 

Financial Services 

46,184 

37,448 

8,736 

23.3 

Operating income as a percentage of segment revenue: 

Retail 

11.0 

12.2 

Direct 

14.7 

16.8 

Financial Services 

29.1 

23.5 

Operating
income decreased 10 million, or 6.7 , for 2008 compared to 2007. Operating
income as a percentage of revenue also decreased to 5.5 for 2008 from 6.4 for
2007. Operating income comparisons between 2008 and 2007 are impacted by the
challenging retail and macroeconomic environment. The decrease in total
operating income and total operating income as a percentage of total revenue was
primarily due to lower revenue from our Direct business segment, lower
merchandise gross margins, and increases in selling, distribution, and
administrative expenses mostly for the addition of two new stores in 2008 and
eight new stores in 2007 (six added in the fourth quarter of 2007), along with
the addition of infrastructure necessary to support this store expansion.
Operating income also includes income of 8.7 million from gift instrument
breakage previously described. 
 The
Financial Services segment incurs a marketing fee paid to the Retail and Direct
business segments. This marketing fee is included in selling, distribution, and
administrative expenses as an expense for the Financial Services segment and as
a credit to expense for the Retail and Direct business segments. The marketing
fee paid by the Financial Services segment to these two business segments
decreased 5 million in 2008 compared to 2007 a 4 million decrease to the
Direct business segment and a 1 million decrease to the Retail
segment. 
 Interest (Expense) Income,
Net 
 Interest
expense, net of interest income, increased 11 million to 30 million for 2008
compared to 2007. The net increase in interest expense was primarily due to
additional debt incurred for financing our retail store expansion. During 2008,
we capitalized interest totaling 2 million on qualifying fixed assets relating
primarily to retail store construction compared to 4 million for
2007. 
 43 

Other Non-Operating Income,
Net 
 Other
income was 7 million for both 2008 and 2007. This income is principally from
the interest earned on our economic development bonds. For 2007, other
non-operating income also includes a pre-tax gain of 1 million resulting from
the sale of the assets of our hotel operation in Sidney, Nebraska. 
 Provision for Income
Taxes 
 Our
effective tax rate was 35.4 for 2008 compared to 36.9 for 2007. The effective
tax rate was lower for 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to the impact from a
corporate restructure completed effective April 1, 2008, and the release of a
valuation allowance on state net operating losses. 
 Results of Operations - 2007 Compared
to 2006 

Increase 

Financial Highlights 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Decrease) 
 
 Change 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Net income 

87,879 

85,785 

2,094 

2.4 

Net
 income as a percentage of revenue 

3.7 

4.2 

Net income per diluted share 

1.31 

1.29 

.02 

1.6 

Revenue by segment: 

Direct 

1,130,553 

1,088,480 

42,073 

3.9 

Retail 

1,043,442 

820,321 

223,121 

27.2 

Financial Services 

159,335 

137,423 

21,912 

15.9 

Other 

16,269 

17,300 

(1,031) 
 
 (6.0) 

Total revenue 

2,349,599 

2,063,524 

286,075 

13.9 

New store sales 

303,181 

282,652 

20,529 

7.3 

Comparable store sales 

736,430 

745,357 

(8,927) 
 
 (1.2) 
 
 Average sales per square foot 

332 

348 

(16) 
 
 (4.6) 
 
 Gross
 Profit 

971,213 

859,125 

112,088 

13.0 

Gross Profit as a percentage of revenue 

41.3 

41.6 

Merchandising gross margin 

797,304 

708,950 

88,354 

12.5 

Merchandising gross margin as a percentage of 

merchandising revenue 

36.7 

37.1 

Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 

820,121 

715,380 

104,741 

14.6 

Selling, distribution and administrative expenses as
 a 

percentage of revenue 

34.9 

34.7 

Operating income 

151,092 

143,745 

7,347 

5.1 

Operating income
 margin 

6.4 

7.0 

44 

Revenue 
 Revenue
increased by 286 million, or 13.9 , in 2007 from growth in our three major
segments. Other revenue decreased in 2007 from a decrease in land
sales. 
 Retail Revenue . 
 Retail revenue increased 223 million, or 27.2 ,
primarily due to an increase of 232 million in new store sales for 2007
compared to new store sales for 2006. The product category that contributed the
largest dollar volume increase to our Retail revenue for 2007 was hunting
equipment. 
 Direct Revenue . 
 Direct revenue increased 42 million, or 3.9 , primarily
from growth in sales through our website. Circulation of our catalogs decreased
by 206 million pages, or 0.6 , to 36.5 billion pages in 2007. Catalog mail order
sales decreased as these sales transitioned to our Internet site and our new
retail stores. The number of active customers in our Direct business segment
increased by 2.0 over 2006. The camping product category contributed the
largest dollar volume increase to our Direct revenue for 2007. 
 Financial Services Revenue . Financial Services revenue increased
 22 million, or 15.9 , in 2007 compared to 2006. Securitization income increased
 20 million over 2006, due primarily to growth in the securitized loan
portfolio. Other non-interest income increased 12 million primarily from
increases in servicing fees on securitized loans year over year and account
growth. Customer rewards costs increased 18 million from continued growth in
the Cabela s CLUB Visa card usage by our customers. 
 We also
measure the results of our Financial Services business on a non-GAAP managed
basis as explained earlier. Interest income measured on a non-GAAP managed basis
increased 41 million. The increase in interest income was due to an increase in
interest rates and managed credit card loans. Interchange income, net of reward
costs, increased by 11 million. Interchange income is driven by net purchases,
which increased 20.6 over 2006. Other fee income increased 4 million due to
increases of 2 million in late fees and 2 million in payment assurance fees.
The increases in interest income and interchange income were offset by an
increase in interest expense of 18 million from increases in securitized credit
card loans, borrowings, and interest rates, and by an increase in loan losses of
 9 million because of increases in managed credit card loans and increases in
net charge-offs. Compared to 2006, the number of average active accounts in 2007
grew by 15.7 to over 987,000, and the average balance per active account
increased 7.6 to 1,712. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross
profit increased by 112 million, or 13.0 , to 971 million for 2007. Financial
Services revenue growth of 22 million resulted in a gross profit percentage
increase of 2.6 . Sales of land at higher gross profit margins in 2007 resulted
in a gross profit percentage increase of 0.2 . These increases were offset by a
decline in merchandising gross profits. Gross margins of our merchandising
business increased 88 million, or 12.5 , to 797 million for 2007. Merchandise
gross margins as a percentage of revenue of our merchandising business decreased
to 36.7 for 2007 from 37.1 . Merchandise gross margins for 2007 were negatively
impacted by discounts on merchandise sales associated with advertising and
promotional strategies designed to capture additional market share, an increase
in hard goods sales with lower margins, and a decrease in apparel sales with
higher margins. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in our
shipping margin for 2007. 
 45 

Selling, Distribution, and
Administrative Expenses 
 Selling,
distribution, and administrative expenses increased 105 million, or
14.6 , for 2007 over 2006. The primary reason for the increase in 2007
was the addition of eight new stores in 2007 compared to four added in 2006
along with the addition of infrastructure necessary to support this store
expansion. The most significant factors contributing to the increase in selling,
distribution, and administrative expenses, and the infrastructure expansion
required to support the revenue growth in 2007 from our retail store expansion,
included: 
 Retail
Business Segment: 
 
 Operating costs for new stores that were not open
 in the comparable period of 2006 of 54 million, including employee
 compensation and benefits costs of 31 million. 
 New store pre-opening costs of 17 million, an
 increase of 7 million over 2006. 
 A decrease in comparable store employee
 compensation and benefits of 1 million resulting from declining sales in
 comparable stores. 
 Depreciation on new stores not open in the
 comparable period of 2006 of 9 million. 
 Direct
Business Segment: 
 
 An increase of 6 million in marketing costs
 primarily from Internet marketing and mailing promotions, catalog costs from
 higher postage and print rates, and the addition of five catalogs not
 circulated in 2006. 
 Increases in employee compensation and benefits of
 2 million principally for positions added to support our growth. 
 Increases in incidental information system costs
 of 2 million specifically related to our website. 
 Financial
Services: 
 
 Increases in advertising and promotional costs of
 1 million due to increases in new account acquisition costs, increases in
 Visa charges driven by increases in credit card transactions, and account
 retention tools. 
 Third party data credit card processing services
 increased by 2 million as the number of credit card accounts and credit card
 transactions increased. 
 Postage cost increases of 1 million from
 increases in the number of accounts and postage rate increases. 
 An increase in employee compensation and benefits
 of 1 million to support our credit card account growth. 
 Corporate
Overhead, Distribution Centers, and Other: 
 
 An increase in employee compensation and benefits
 of 9 million from the expansion and improvement of our infrastructure to
 support our growth. 
 Depreciation expense increase of 3 million on
 information system upgrades implemented in 2006 and 2007. 
 An increase in contract labor costs and software
 expense of 1 million on information system upgrades and
expansion. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating
income increased 7 million, or 5.1 , for 2007. Operating income as a percentage
of revenue decreased to 6.4 for 2007 from 7.0 for 2006. Operating income
comparisons between 2007 and 2006 are impacted by 1) the addition of new retail
stores in 2007 and 2006, 2) sales increases for our Direct business, and 3) the
profitability of our Financial Services business segment. The Financial Services
segment incurs a marketing fee paid to the Retail and Direct business segments.
This marketing fee is included in selling, distribution, and administrative
expenses as an expense for the Financial Services segment and as a credit to
expense for the Retail and Direct business segments. The marketing fee paid by
the Financial Services segment to these two business segments increased 4
million in 2007 compared to 2006 a 1 million increase to the Direct business
segment and a 3 million increase to the Retail segment. 
 46 

Interest (Expense) Income,
Net 
 Interest
expense, net of interest income, increased 3 million to 19 million for 2007
compared to 2006. The net increase in interest expense was primarily due to
additional debt incurred for financing our retail store expansion. During 2007,
we capitalized interest totaling 4 million on qualifying fixed assets relating
primarily to retail store construction compared to 0.4 million during
2006. 
 Other Non-Operating Income,
Net 
 Other
income decreased 3 million to 7 million for 2007 from 10 million in 2006 due
to a decrease in interest earned on economic development bonds. Our investment
in economic development bonds was lower in 2007 than 2006 because of retirements
as we monetized bonds in both years. 
 Provision for Income
Taxes 
 Our
effective tax rate was 36.9 for 2007 compared to 37.5 in 2006. The decrease in
our effective tax rate for 2007 was primarily due to less state income taxes in
2007 compared to 2006. 
 Bank Asset Quality 
 Overview 
 We
securitize a majority of our credit card loans. On a quarterly basis, we
transfer eligible credit card loans into a securitization trust. We are required
to own at least a minimum twenty day average of 5 of the interests in the
securitization trust. This required amount is our transferor s interest that
totaled 143 million at the end of 2008. Accordingly, retained credit card loans
have the same characteristics as credit card loans sold to outside investors.
Certain accounts are ineligible for securitization for reasons such as: 1) they
are delinquent, 2) they originated from sources other than Cabela's CLUB Visa
credit cards, or 3) various other requirements. Loans ineligible for
securitization totaled 11 million at the end of 2008 compared to 15 million at
the end of 2007. 
 The
quality of our managed credit card loan portfolio at any time reflects, among
other factors: 1) the creditworthiness of cardholders, 2) general economic
conditions, 3) the success of our account management and collection activities,
and 4) the life-cycle stage of the portfolio. During periods of economic
weakness, delinquencies and net charge-offs are more likely to increase. We have
mitigated periods of economic weakness by selecting a customer base that is very
creditworthy. The median FICO score of our credit cardholders was 786 at the end
of 2008 and at the end of 2007. 
 We
believe that as our credit card accounts mature, they are less likely to result
in a charge-off and less likely to be closed. The following table shows our
managed credit card loans outstanding at the end of 2008 and 2007 segregated by
the number of months passed since the accounts were opened. 
 47 

2008 
 
 2007 

Loans 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Loans 
 
 Percentage 

Months Since Account
 Opened 

Outstanding 
 
 of Total 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 of Total 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 6 months or less 

121,603 
 
 5.2 

138,021 
 
 6.7 

7 12
 months 

151,201 
 
 6.5 

131,988 
 
 6.4 

13 24 months 

330,973 
 
 14.1 

272,830 
 
 13.3 

25 
 36 months 

278,318 
 
 11.9 

243,092 
 
 11.8 

37 48 months 

239,563 
 
 10.2 

205,909 
 
 10.0 

49 
 60 months 

200,463 
 
 8.5 

194,066 
 
 9.4 

61 72 months 

188,233 
 
 8.0 

196,949 
 
 9.6 

73 
 84 months 

190,425 
 
 8.1 

200,461 
 
 9.7 

More than 84 months 

646,444 
 
 27.5 

474,918 
 
 23.1 

Total 

2,347,223 
 
 100.0 

2,058,234 
 
 100.0 
 
 Delinquencies 
 We
consider the entire balance of an account, including any accrued interest and
fees, delinquent if the minimum payment is not received by the payment due date.
Our aging method is based on the number of completed billing cycles during which
a customer has failed to make a required payment. The following chart shows the
percentage of our managed credit card loans that were delinquent at year
end: 

Number of days
 delinquent 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Greater than 30 days 
 
 1.68 

0.97 

0.75 

Greater than 60 days 
 
 0.97 

0.57 

0.44 

Greater than 90 days 
 
 0.47 

0.28 

0.18 

Charge-offs 
 Charge-offs consist of the uncollectible principal, interest, and fees on
a customer's account. Recoveries are the amounts collected on previously
charged-off accounts. Most bankcard issuers charge-off accounts at 180 days.
Beginning in June 2007, we began charging off credit card loans on a daily basis
after an account becomes at a minimum 130 days contractually delinquent to allow
us to manage the collection process more efficiently. Accounts relating to
cardholder bankruptcies, cardholder deaths, and fraudulent transactions are
charged off earlier. Prior to June 2007, we charged-off credit card loans on the
24 th day of the month after an account became 115 days contractually
delinquent resulting in a 129-day average for charging-off an account. Our
charge-off activity for the managed portfolio is summarized below for the years
ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Charge-offs 

70,944 

42,853 

31,068 

Recoveries 

9,496 

8,955 

5,869 

Net charge-offs 

61,448 

33,898 

25,199 

Net charge-offs
 as a percentage of average 

managed credit card
 loans 

2.95 

2.01 

1.86 
 
 48 

For 2008,
net charge-offs as a percentage of average managed credit card loans increased
to 2.95 , up 94 basis points compared to 2.01 for 2007, principally because of
the challenging economic environment. We believe our charge-off levels remain
well below industry average and that our increase in net charge-offs in 2008
compared to 2007 was lower than industry averages. 
 Liquidity and Capital
Resources 
 Overview 
 We
believe that we will have sufficient capital available from cash on hand, our
revolving credit facility, and other borrowing sources to fund our foreseeable
cash requirements and near-term growth plans. At the end of 2008 and 2007, cash
on a consolidated basis totaled 410 million and 131 million, respectively, of
which 402 million and 123 million, respectively, related to cash at our
Financial Services business segment, which is expected to be utilized by our
Financial Services business segment to meet its liquidity requirements. In 2008,
our Financial Services business completed two term securitizations totaling 700
million, added two variable funding facilities totaling 500 million, and
renewed a 350 million variable funding facility. We expect these additional
liquidity sources, as well as the brokered and non-brokered certificates of
deposit market, to provide adequate liquidity to this segment for 2009. On
February 19, 2009, Moody's Investors Service announced that it had downgraded
the ratings on 21 classes of asset-backed notes issued by the trust of our
Financial Services business segment. Moody s Investors Service is one of three
rating agencies that rate our Financial Services business' term securitizations.
We do not believe that this downgrade will have a significant impact
on the ability of our Financial Services business to complete other
securitization transactions on acceptable terms or to access
financing. 
 Our
Retail and Direct business segments and our Financial Services business segment
have significantly differing liquidity and capital needs. The primary cash
requirements of our merchandising business relate to capital for new retail
stores, purchases of inventory, investments in our management information
systems and infrastructure, purchases of economic development bonds related to
the construction of new retail stores, and general working capital needs. We
historically have met these requirements with cash generated from our
merchandising business operations, borrowing under revolving credit facilities,
issuing debt and equity securities, obtaining economic development grants from
state and local governments in connection with developing our retail stores,
collecting principal and interest payments on our economic development bonds,
and from the retirement of economic development bonds. 
 Retail
and Direct Business Segments The cash flow
we generate from our merchandising business is seasonal, with our peak cash
requirements for inventory occurring from April through November. While we have
consistently generated overall positive annual cash flow from our operating
activities, other sources of liquidity are required by our merchandising
business during these peak cash use periods. These sources historically have
included short-term borrowings under our revolving credit facility and access to
debt markets. While we generally have been able to manage our cash needs during
peak periods, if any disruption occurred to our funding sources, or if we
underestimated our cash needs, we would be unable to purchase inventory and
otherwise conduct our merchandising business to its maximum effectiveness, which
could result in reduced revenue and profits. 
 Our 430
million unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes contain
certain financial covenants, including the maintenance of minimum debt coverage,
a fixed-charge coverage ratio, a cash flow leverage ratio, and a minimum
tangible net worth standard. In the event that we failed to comply with these
covenants and the failure to comply would go beyond 30 days, a default would
trigger and all principal and outstanding interest would immediately be due and
payable. At December 27, 2008, we were in compliance with all financial
covenants under our credit agreements and unsecured notes. We anticipate that we
will continue to be in compliance with all financial covenants under our credit
agreements and unsecured notes throughout 2009. 
 49 

In
addition, recent and unprecedented distress in the worldwide credit markets has
had an adverse impact on the availability of credit. Although our 430 million
unsecured revolving credit facility does not expire until June 2012, continued
market deterioration could jeopardize the counterparty obligations of one or
more of the banks participating in our facility, which could have an adverse
effect on our business if we are not able to replace such credit facility or
find other sources of liquidity on acceptable terms. We currently expect all
participating banks to provide funding as needed pursuant to the terms of our
credit facility. 
 Financial Services Business Segment (World s Foremost Bank or
 WFB The primary cash requirements of WFB
relate to the financing of credit card loans. These cash requirements will
increase if our credit card originations increase or if our cardholders'
balances or spending increase. WFB sources operating funds in the ordinary
course of business through various financing activities, which includes funding
obtained from securitization transactions, borrowing under its credit agreement
or federal funds purchase agreements, obtaining brokered and non-brokered
certificates of deposit, and generating cash from operations. WFB plans to fund
more of its credit card portfolio through certificates of deposit primarily due
to the current weakness and higher borrowing costs of the securitization market.
We expect WFB s certificates of deposit funding strategy to continue in 2009
until the securitization market returns to a more normalized level. 
 In
addition, our existing credit agreement limits the amount of capital we can
contribute to WFB to 25 million in any fiscal year or 75 million in the
aggregate. In December 2008, we made a 25 million capital contribution to WFB
through a convertible participating preferred stock investment. WFB is
prohibited by regulations from lending money to Cabela s or other affiliates.
WFB is subject to capital requirements imposed by Nebraska banking law and the
Visa membership rules, and its ability to pay dividends is also limited by
Nebraska and Federal banking law. With the current disruptions in the credit
markets, our Financial Services business, like many other financial
institutions, has increased its funding from certificates of deposits. With the
increase in other financial institutions relying on the deposits market for
liquidity and funding, competition in the deposits market may increase resulting
in less funds available or at unattractive rates. Our ability to issue
certificates of deposit is reliant on our current regulatory capital levels. If
our bank subsidiary were to be classified as an adequately capitalized bank,
we would be required to obtain a waiver from the FDIC in order to continue to
issue certificates of deposits. 
 While we
intend to finance our growth initiatives and operations with existing cash, cash
flow from operations, and borrowings under our existing revolving credit
facility, we may require additional financing to support our growth initiatives
and operations. However, due to the existing uncertainty in the capital and
credit markets, our access to capital may not be available on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Further, the ability of our Financial Services business to
engage in securitization transactions on favorable terms or at all could be
adversely affected by further disruptions in the capital markets or other
events, which could materially affect our business and cause our Financial
Services business to lose an important source of capital. In addition to the
non-brokered certificates of deposit market to fund growth and maturing
securitizations, we have access to the brokered certificates of deposit market
through multiple financial institutions for liquidity and funding
purposes. 
 Furthermore, poor performance of WFB s securitized credit card loans,
including increased delinquencies and credit losses, lower payment rates, or a
decrease in excess spreads below certain thresholds, could result in a downgrade
or withdrawal of the ratings on the outstanding securities issued in WFB s
securitization transactions, cause early amortization of these securities, or
result in higher required credit enhancement levels. On February 19, 2009,
Moody's Investors Service announced that it had downgraded the ratings on 21
classes of asset-backed notes issued by the trust of our Financial Services
business. Downgrades could negatively impact the ability of our Financial
Services business to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable
terms or at all and force our Financial Services business to rely on other
potentially more expensive funding sources, to the extent available, which would
decrease our profitability. We do not believe that this downgrade will
have a significant impact on the ability of our Financial Services business
to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable terms or to access
financing. 
 50 

The
proposed amendments issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to FAS
140 and FASB Interpretation No. 46R, if adopted, could require us to consolidate
the assets and liabilities of our bank subsidiary s securitization trusts. This
could cause us to breach certain financial covenants in our revolving credit
facility and unsecured notes. This could also have a significant effect on our
financial condition and ability to meet the capital maintenance requirements of
our bank subsidiary, as affected off-balance sheet loans would be recorded on
our consolidated balance sheet and could be subject to regulatory capital
requirements. If the proposed amendments are adopted, we may have to contribute
capital to WFB, which may require us to raise additional debt or equity capital
and/or divert capital from our Retail and Direct businesses, which in turn could
significantly alter our growth initiatives. 
 Operating, Investing and Financing
Activities 
 The following table presents changes
in our cash and cash equivalents for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Net
 cash derived from operating activities 

154,968 

31,828 

54,957 

Net cash used in
 investing activities 

(98,211) 

(331,493) 

(144,696) 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

222,165 

257,944 

175,719 
 
 2008 versus 2007 
 Operating Activities Cash derived
from operating activities increased 123 million for 2008 compared to
2007. Inventory balances decreased 91 million at the end of 2008 over
2007, resulting in a net improvement in cash due to a net change in cash
flows of 210 million between years in inventory. We focused on inventory
reduction in 2008 compared to 2007 in which we opened eight new stores. Cash
derived from operating activities also included a 63 million net increase
between years related to WFB s proceeds from securitization transactions, net of
originations of credit card loans. For 2008, WFB received cash on a net basis
for credit card originations (net of cash received from collections, proceeds
from new securitizations, and changes in retained interests) of 21 million
compared to 42 million of net cash used in 2007. In addition, land held for
sale or development increased 12 million compared to 2007 as we increased our
holdings in land investment. Partially offsetting these improvements in cash was
a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 94 million between
years, mostly due to the reduction in inventory in 2008 compared to 2007,
as the accounts payable and accrued expenses balances decreased 108
million at the end of 2008 compared to 2007. The net change in the liability for
gift instruments and credit card reward points was a decrease of 39 million
over 2007 from increased sales of gift cards in the prior year compared to 2008.
In addition, the net change in current and deferred income taxes payable was a
decrease of 33 million in 2008 compared to 2007 due to nearly 56 million paid
in 2008 for federal and state income taxes. 
 Investing Activities Cash used in
investing activities decreased 233 million for 2008 compared to 2007. This net
decrease was primarily due to less expenditures related to the development and
construction of the new retail stores in 2008 compared to 2007. For 2008, cash
paid for property and equipment additions totaled 91 million compared to 336
million for 2007. We opened our Scarborough, Maine, store in May 2008, and our
Rapid City, South Dakota, store in August 2008, compared to eight retail stores
opened in 2007. A retail store in Billings, Montana, is currently scheduled to
open in the second quarter of 2009. At December 27, 2008, we estimate remaining
total capital expenditures, including the purchase of any economic development
bonds, to approximate 93 million relating to the development, construction, and
completion of retail stores. We expect to fund these estimated capital
expenditures with funds from operations. Economic development bonds totaling 3
million related to our Mitchell, South Dakota, retail store were retired in 2008
and bonds totaling 45 million were retired in 2007. We purchased 19 million of
economic development bonds in 2008 compared to 36 million in 2007, and used 9
million in the September 2007 acquisition of S.I.R. Warehouse Sports in
Winnipeg, Manitoba. 
 51 

The
following table highlights the growth of our retail stores, and the activity of
economic development bonds related to the construction of these stores and
related projects, for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 

(Dollars In Thousands) 
 
 Property and equipment additions 

91,164 

335,644 
 
 Purchases of economic
 development bonds 

18,525 

36,223 
 
 Acquisition of outdoor equipment retailer, net of cash
 acquired 

9,277 
 
 Total 

109,689 

381,144 

Proceeds from retirements and maturities of economic development
 bonds 

3,405 

45,427 
 
 Number of new retail
 stores opened or acquired during the year 

2 

9 
 
 Number
 of retail stores at the end of the year 

29 

27 
 Financing Activities Cash provided
by financing activities decreased 36 million for 2008 compared to 2007. This
net decrease between years from financing activities was due to a net
change in WFB s short-term borrowings of 200 million primarily from the
repayment of a variable funding facility credit agreement and a net decrease of
 87 million in borrowings primarily on lines of credit for working capital and
inventory financing. In addition, long-term debt decreased 26 million comparing
years due to prepayment of debt at the end of 2008. Partially offsetting these
decreases was an increase of 326 million in time deposits at the end of
2008 compared to 2007, which WFB utilized to help fund its credit card
operations, resulting in a net change in cash flows of 267 million between
years. 
 The
following table highlights the borrowing activity of our merchandising business
and bank operations for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Borrowings on (repayment of) lines of credit and short-term debt,
 net 

(37,575) 

49,691 
 
 Borrowing on (repayment
 of) variable funding facility WFB 

(100,000) 

100,000 
 
 Issuances of long-term debt, net of repayments 

8,326 

33,792 
 
 Total 

(129,249) 

183,483 
 The following table summarizes our
availability under debt and credit facilities, excluding the facilities of WFB,
at the end of years: 

2008 
 
 2007 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Amounts
 available for borrowing under credit facilities (1) 

445,000 

340,000 

Principal amounts
 outstanding 

(26,465) 

(58,023) 
 
 Outstanding letters of credit and standby letters of
 credit 

(16,117) 

(59,596) 
 
 Remaining borrowing
 capacity 

402,418 

222,381 
 ____________________ 

(1) 

Effective April 2, 2008, we
 increased our revolving credit facility by 105 million to 430 million,
 resulting in a total amount available for borrowing of 445 million,
 including the credit facility for our Canada
 operations. 
 52 

In
addition, WFB has total borrowing availability of 110 million under its
transferor s interest credit agreement 25 million) and agreements to borrow
federal funds 85 million). WFB entered into a credit agreement in 2007 for a
 100 million variable funding facility secured by a participation interest in
the bank s transferor s interest of the Cabela s Master Credit Card Trust. In
May 2008, this credit facility was modified to a 25 million commitment and was
extended to May 28, 2009. These funds were used to fund continued growth of
WFB s credit card portfolio. At the end of December 2008, the full 110 million
of borrowing capacity was available to WFB. 
 In 2008,
we issued 57 million of 7.20 unsecured senior notes to institutional buyers.
Scheduled principal repayments of 8 million are payable beginning January 16,
2012, and annually thereafter until their maturity at January 16, 2018. Interest
is payable semi-annually. We used the proceeds to pay down existing debt and for
general corporate purposes. In 2007, we issued 60 million aggregate principal
amount of 6.08 unsecured senior notes. We used the proceeds from this offering
for new retail store expansion, including property and equipment additions,
purchase of economic development bonds, and general corporate
purposes. 
 Our 430
million credit agreement requires that Cabela s comply with certain financial
and other customary covenants, including 1) a fixed charge coverage ratio (as
defined) of no less than 1.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of any quarter; 2) a
cash flow leverage ratio (as defined) of no more than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the
last day of any quarter; and 3) a minimum tangible net worth standard (as
defined). In addition, certain of the long-term debt agreements contain various
covenants and restrictions such as the maintenance of minimum debt coverage, net
worth, and financial ratios. The significant financial ratios and net worth
requirements in the long-term debt agreements are 1) a limitation of funded debt
to be less than 60 of consolidated total capitalization; 2) cash flow fixed
charge coverage ratio, as defined, of no less than 2.00 to 1.00 as of the last
day of any quarter; and 3) a minimum consolidated adjusted net worth (as
defined). Also, the debt agreements contain cross default provisions to other
outstanding credit facilities. In the event that we failed to comply with these
covenants and the failure to comply would go beyond 30 days, a default would
trigger and all principal and outstanding interest would immediately be due and
payable. At December 27, 2008, we were in compliance with all financial
covenants under our credit agreements and unsecured notes. We anticipate that we
will continue to be in compliance with all financial covenants under our credit
agreements and unsecured notes throughout 2009. 
 2007 versus 2006 
 Operating Activities Cash derived
from operating activities decreased 23 million for 2007 compared to 2006. This
net decrease in cash was primarily due to a net change of 31 million in
inventories, as inventory balances increased 124 million over 2006 due to more
new store openings in 2007. The inventory increase was funded by accounts
payable, which had a net increase of 42 million compared to 2006. The net
increase in accounts payable was impacted by a 40 million decrease compared to
2006 due to a decrease in the payable to the third party processor for WFB s
credit card transactions. In addition, land held for sale or development was up
 11 million over 2006 as we increased our holdings in land investment. These
uses of cash from operating activities were partially offset by an 18 million
net increase between years related to WFB s funding from securitization
transactions. For 2007, WFB used cash for credit card originations (net of cash
received from collections, proceeds from new securitizations, and changes in
retained interests) of 53 million compared to 71 million in 2006. We received
 17 million in tenant allowances during 2007, which accounts for most of the net
increase of 19 million in other long-term liabilities; and the liability for
gift certificates and credit card reward points increased 17 million over 2006
from increased sales of gift cards. In addition, depreciation and amortization
increased 14 million offsetting cash used in operating activities. 
 Investing Activities Cash used in
investing activities increased 187 million for 2007 compared to 2006. This net
increase was primarily due to expenditures related to the development and
construction of new retail stores in 2007. For 2007, cash paid for property and
equipment additions totaled 336 million. Economic development bonds totaling 1
million relating to our Lehi, Utah, retail store were redeemed in 2007. In
addition, economic development bonds totaling 43 million and 53 million
relating to our Wheeling, West Virginia, retail store and distribution center
were retired during 2007 and 2006, respectively. 
 53 

Financing Activities Cash provided
by financing activities increased 82 million for 2007 compared to 2006. This
net increase from financing activities comparing periods was due to a net
increase of 66 million in time deposits, with WFB increasing its short-term
borrowings to 100 million to fund its credit card operations, and a net
increase of 35 million in borrowings primarily on lines of credit related to
new stores which opened in 2007. In addition, unpresented checks net of bank
balance increased 33 million due to timing of when checks cleared our bank.
Partially offsetting these increases was a net decrease of 152 million in
long-term debt 215 million borrowed in 2006) used to support our retail store
expansion. 
 Grants and Economic Development
Bonds 
 In the
past, we have negotiated economic development arrangements relating to the
construction of a number of our new retail stores, including free land, monetary
grants, and the recapture of incremental sales, property, or other taxes through
economic development bonds, with many local and state governments. We design our
retail stores to provide exciting tourist and entertainment shopping experiences
for the entire family. Our retail stores also employ many people from the local
community, draw customer traffic from a broad geographic range, and serve as a
catalyst for the opening of additional retail businesses such as restaurants,
hotels, and gas stations in the surrounding areas. We believe these factors
increase the revenue for the state and the local municipality where the retail
store is located, making us a compelling partner for community development and
expansion. Where appropriate, we intend to continue to utilize economic
development arrangements with state and local governments to offset some of the
construction costs and improve the return on investment of our new retail
stores. 
 Grants We generally have received grant funding in exchange for
commitments made by us to the state or local government providing the funding.
The commitments, such as assurance of agreed employment and wage levels at our
retail stores or that the retail store will remain open, typically phase out
over approximately five to ten years. If we fail to maintain the commitments
during the applicable period, the funds we received may have to be repaid or
other adverse consequences may arise, which could affect our cash flows and
profitability. As of December 27, 2008, the total amount of grant funding
subject to a specific contractual remedy was 11 million. 
 Economic Development Bonds Through economic development bonds,
the state or local government sells bonds to provide funding for land
acquisition, readying the site, building infrastructure and related eligible
expenses associated with the construction and equipping of our retail stores. In
the past, we have primarily been the sole purchaser of these bonds. The bond
proceeds that are received by the governmental entity are then used to fund the
construction and equipping of new retail stores and related infrastructure
development. While purchasing these bonds involves an initial cash outlay by us
in connection with a new store, some or all of these costs can be recaptured
through the repayments of the bonds. The payments of principal and interest on
the bonds are typically tied to sales, property, or lodging taxes generated from
the store and, in some cases, from businesses in the surrounding area, over
periods which range between 20 and 30 years. In addition, some of the bonds that
we have purchased may be repurchased for par value by the governmental entity
prior to the maturity date of the bonds. However, the governmental entity from
which we purchase the bonds is not otherwise liable for repayment of principal
and interest on the bonds to the extent that the associated taxes are
insufficient to pay the bonds. 
 After
purchasing the bonds, we typically record them on our consolidated balance sheet
classified as available for sale and value them based upon management s
projections of the amount of tax revenue expected to be generated to support
principal and interest payments on the bonds. Because of the unique features of
each project, there is no independent market data for valuation of these types
of bonds. If sufficient tax revenue is not generated by the subject properties,
we will not receive scheduled payments and will be unable to realize the full
value of the bonds carried on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 27,
2008, 113 million of economic development bonds were recorded on our
consolidated balance sheet. 
 The
negotiation of these economic development arrangements has been important to our
retail store expansion in the past, and these arrangements may be an important
factor in our retail store expansion strategy in certain locations because they
allow us to avoid or recapture a portion of the costs involved with opening a
new store. 
 54 

Securitization of Credit Card
Loans 
 WFB
historically has funded most of its growth in credit card loans through an asset
securitization program. Asset securitization is a practice commonly used by
credit card issuers to fund credit card loans at attractive rates. WFB enters
into asset securitization transactions, which involve the two-tier sale of a
pool of credit card loans from WFB to a wholly owned special purpose entity, and
from that wholly owned special purpose entity to a second special purpose entity
that is organized as a trust. The trust is administered by an independent
trustee. Because the trust qualifies as a qualified special purpose entity 
within the meaning of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
140, Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities FAS 140 ), its assets and liabilities are not consolidated in our
balance sheet in accordance with FAS 140. 
 The trust
issues to outside investors various forms of notes each of which has an
undivided interest in the assets of the trust. The trust pays to the holders of
the notes a portion of future scheduled cash flows under preset terms and
conditions, the receipt of which is dependent upon cash flows generated by the
underlying performance of the assets of the trust. 
 WFB
retains a "transferor s interest" in the securitized loans, which ranks equal
with the investor certificates and notes; an "interest-only strip," which
represent the right to receive excess cash available after repayment of all
amounts to the investors; servicing rights; cash reserve accounts and cash accounts in some cases as added
protection for investors, and asset-backed securities in three of the
securitizations. Neither the investors nor the trust have recourse against WFB
beyond the assets of the trust, other than for breaches of certain customary
representations, warranties, and covenants and minimum account balance levels
which must be maintained to support our retained interests. These
representations, warranties, covenants, and the related indemnities do not
protect the trust or the outside investors against credit-related losses on the
loans. 
 WFB
records its interest-only strips as an asset at fair value, which is an amount
equal to the estimated present value of cash flows to be received by WFB over
the expected outstanding period of the loans. These cash flows essentially
represent finance charges and late fees in excess of the amounts paid to note
holders, credit losses, and servicing and administration fees. WFB uses certain
valuation assumptions related to the average lives of the loans sold and
anticipated credit losses, as well as a discount rate commensurate with the
risks involved, in determining the estimated present value of the interest-only
strips. Changes in the average life of the loans sold, discount rate, and
credit-loss percentage could adversely impact the actual value of the
interest-only strips. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from
the estimates, and changes in circumstances could result in significant future
changes to the assumptions currently being used. 
 Gains on
securitization transactions, fair value adjustments, and earnings on our
securitizations are included in consolidated revenue in the consolidated
statement of income. The cash accounts, asset-backed securities,
the interest-only strips, and cash reserve accounts are included on our consolidated balance sheet as
 retained interests in securitized loans. All of WFB s securitization
transactions are currently accounted for as sale transactions. As a result, the
loans relating to those pools of assets are not reflected on our consolidated
balance sheet, other than WFB s transferor s interest, cash reserve accounts,
asset-backed securities and interest-only strips. 
 A credit
card loan represents a financial asset. Unlike a mortgage or other closed-end
loan account, the terms of a credit card account permit a customer to borrow
additional amounts and to repay each month an amount the customer chooses,
subject to a monthly minimum payment requirement. The credit card account
remains open after repayment of the balance and the customer may continue to use
it to borrow additional amounts. WFB reserves the right to change the credit
card account terms, including interest rates and fees, in accordance with the
terms of the credit card agreement and applicable law. The credit card account
is, therefore, separate and distinct from the loan. In a credit card
securitization, the credit card account relationships are not sold to the
securitization entity. WFB retains ownership of the credit card account
relationship, including the right to change the terms of the credit card
account. 
 WFB sells
our credit card loans in the ordinary course of business through a commercial
paper conduit program and longer-term fixed and floating rate securitization
transactions. In a conduit securitization, credit card loans of WFB are
converted into securities and sold to commercial paper issuers, which pool the
securities with those of other issuers. The amount securitized in a conduit
structure is allowed to fluctuate within the terms of the facility, which may
provide greater flexibility for liquidity needs. 
 55 

The total
amounts and maturities for the credit card securitizations of WFB as of December
27, 2008, were as follows: 

Initial 

Expected
 Final 
 
 Series 
 
 Type 
 
 Amount 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Maturity 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 Series
 2004-I 
 
 Term 

75,000 
 
 Fixed 
 
 March
 2009 
 
 Series
2004-II 
 
 Term 

175,000 
 
 Floating 
 
 March 2009 
 
 Series
 2005-I 
 
 Term 

140,000 
 
 Fixed 
 
 October
 2010 
 
 Series 2005-I 
 
 Term 

110,000 
 
 Floating 
 
 October
 2010 
 
 Series
 2006-III 
 
 Term 

250,000 
 
 Fixed 
 
 October
 2011 
 
 Series
 2006-III 
 
 Term 

250,000 
 
 Floating 
 
 October
 2011 
 
 Series
 2008-I 
 
 Term 

461,500 
 
 Fixed
 (1) 
 
 December 2010 
 
 Series 2008-I 
 
 Term 

38,500 
 
 Floating 
 
 December
 2010 
 
 Series
 2008-IV 
 
 Term 

122,500 
 
 Fixed 
 
 September 2011 
 
 Series
2008-IV 
 
 Term 

77,500 
 
 Floating 
 
 September
 2011 
 
 Total term 

1,700,000 

Series
 2006-I 
 
 Variable Funding 

376,355 
 
 Floating 
 
 October
 2009 
 
 Series
2008-II 
 
 Variable
 Funding 

320,856 
 
 Floating 
 
 June 2009 
 
 Series
 2008-III 
 
 Variable Funding 

213,904 
 
 Floating 
 
 July
 2009 
 
 Total variable 

911,115 

Total
 available 

2,611,115 

____________________ 

(1) 

The trust entered into an
 interest rate swap agreement to convert the floating rate notes with a
 notional amount of 229.85 million into a fixed rate
 obligation. 
 We have
been, and will continue to be, particularly reliant on funding from
securitization transactions for WFB. A failure to renew existing facilities or
to add additional capacity on favorable terms as it becomes necessary could
increase our financing costs and potentially limit our ability to grow the
business of WFB. Unfavorable conditions in the asset-backed securities markets
generally, including the unavailability of commercial bank liquidity support or
credit enhancements, could have a similar effect. During 2008, WFB
completed two term securitizations totaling 700 million, added
two variable funding facilities totaling 500 million, and renewed a 350
million variable funding facility. We expect these additional liquidity sources
and the certificates of deposit market to provide adequate liquidity to WFB for
2009. 
 Furthermore, poor performance of WFB s securitized credit card loans,
including increased delinquencies and credit losses, lower payment rates, or a
decrease in excess spreads below certain thresholds, could result in a downgrade
or withdrawal of the ratings on the outstanding securities issued in WFB s
securitization transactions, cause early amortization of these securities, or
result in higher required credit enhancement levels. On February 19, 2009,
Moody's Investors Service announced that it had downgraded the ratings on 21
classes of asset-backed notes issued by WFB's securitization
trust. Downgrades could negatively impact WFB s ability to complete other
securitization transactions on acceptable terms or at all and force WFB to rely
on other potentially more expensive funding sources, to the extent available,
which would decrease our profitability. We do not believe that this downgrade
will have a significant impact on the ability of our Financial
Services business to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable
terms or to access financing. 
 56 

Certificates of
Deposit 
 WFB
utilizes brokered and non-brokered certificates of deposit to partially finance
its operating activities. WFB issues certificates of deposit in a minimum amount
of one hundred thousand dollars in various maturities. As of December 27, 2008,
WFB had 486 million of certificates of deposit outstanding with maturities
ranging from January 2009 to April 2016 and with a weighted average effective
annual fixed rate of 4.64 . This outstanding balance compares to 161 million at
December 29, 2007, with a weighted average effective annual fixed rate of
5.01 . 
 Impact of Inflation 
 We do not believe that our operating
results have been materially affected by inflation during the preceding three
years. We cannot assure, however, that our operating results will not be
adversely affected by inflation in the future. 
 Contractual Obligations and Other
Commercial Commitments 
 The following tables provide
summary information concerning our future contractual obligations at the end of
2008. 

2009 
 
 2010 
 
 2011 
 
 2012 
 
 2013 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Long-term debt (1) 

588 

7,087 

663 

28,842 

8,889 

320,297 

366,366 
 
 Interest payments
 (2) 

20,805 

20,778 

20,750 

20,426 

19,807 

52,313 

154,879 
 
 Capital
 lease obligations 

1,075 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

22,500 

27,575 
 
 Operating
 leases 

5,616 

5,090 

4,604 

4,167 

4,167 

83,902 

107,546 
 
 Time
 deposits by maturity 

178,817 

82,357 

115,230 

34,912 

74,683 

200 

486,199 
 
 Obligations under new
 store 

and expansion arrangements
 (3) 

14,159 

81,969 

680 

1,701 

735 

4,578 

103,822 
 
 Purchase obligations (4) 

427,969 

14,974 

9,047 

6,257 

4,988 

463,235 
 
 Deferred
 compensation 

2,759 

2,433 

5,192 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 

3,076 

3,076 
 
 Total 

651,788 

215,688 

151,974 

97,305 

114,269 

486,866 

1,717,890 ____________________ 

(1) 

Includes 20 million owed under
 our 430 million credit agreement, and 6 million owed under our 15
 million credit agreement for operations in Canada. Excludes amounts owed
 under capital lease obligations. 

(2) 

These amounts do not include
 estimated interest payments due under our revolving credit facilities
 because the amount that will be borrowed under these facilities in future
 years is uncertain. 

(3) 

At December 27, 2008, obligations
 for new store and expansion arrangements include approximately 93 million
 of estimated contractual obligations and commitments associated with 1)
 the completion of our 2008 store expansion obligations, 2) projected
 retail store-related expansion, and 3) certain obligations under economic
 development bonds. The table does not include any amounts for contractual
 obligations and commitments associated with retail store locations where
 we are in the process of certain negotiations. 

(4) 

Our purchase obligations relate
 primarily to purchases of inventory, shipping, and other goods and
 services in the ordinary course of business under binding purchase orders
 or contracts. The amount of purchase obligations shown is based on
 assumptions regarding the legal enforceability against us of purchase
 orders or contracts we had outstanding at the end of 2008. Under different
 assumptions regarding our rights to cancel our purchase orders, or
 different assumptions regarding the enforceability of the purchase orders
 under applicable laws, the amount of purchase obligations shown in the
 preceding table would be less. 
 57 

The following tables provide summary
information concerning other commercial commitments at the end of
2008. 

2009 

(In Thousands) 
 
 Letters
 of credit (1) 

8,848 
 
 Standby letters of
 credit (1) 

7,269 
 
 Revolving line of credit for boat and ATV inventory (2) 

5,162 
 
 Open account document
 instructions 

35,622 
 
 Bank 
 federal funds (3) 

Total 

56,901 ____________________ 

(1) 

Our credit agreement allows for
 maximum borrowings of 430 million including lender letters of credit and
 standby letters of credit. At December 27, 2008, the total amount of
 borrowings under this revolving line of credit, including lender letters
 of credit and standby letters of credit, was 36 million. Our credit
 agreement for operations in Canada is for 15 million, with 6 million
 available for borrowing at December 27, 2008. 

(2) 

The line of credit for boat and
 ATV financing is limited by the aforementioned 430 million revolving line
 of credit to 50 million of secured collateral. 

(3) 

The maximum amount that can be
 borrowed on the federal funds agreements is 85
 million. 
 Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 
 Operating Leases - 
 We lease various items of office equipment and
buildings. Rent expense for these operating leases is recorded in selling,
distribution, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of
income. Future obligations are shown in the preceding contractual obligations
table. 
 Credit Card Limits - 
 WFB bears off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of
its business. One form of this risk is through WFB s commitment to extend credit
to cardholders up to the maximum amount of their credit limits. The aggregate of
such potential funding requirements totaled 13 billion above existing balances
as of December 27, 2008. These funding obligations are not included on our
consolidated balance sheet. While WFB has not experienced, and does not
anticipate that it will experience, a significant draw down of unfunded credit
lines by its cardholders, such an event would create a cash need at WFB which
likely could not be met by our available cash and funding sources. WFB has the
right to reduce or cancel these available lines of credit at any
time. 
 Securitizations - 
 All of WFB s securitization transactions have been
accounted for as sales transactions and the credit card loans relating to those
pools of assets are not reflected in our consolidated balance
sheet. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of
Estimates 
 Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect amounts reported
in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management has
discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of critical accounting
policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of Cabela s Board of Directors.
While our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events
and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ
from our estimates and assumptions. Our estimation processes contain
uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and apply
judgment to make these estimates. Should actual results be different than our
estimates, we could be exposed to gains or losses from differences that are
material. 
 58 

For a
summary of our significant accounting policies, please refer to Note 1 of our
consolidated financial statements. We believe the accounting policies discussed
below represent accounting policies we apply that are the most critical to
understanding our consolidated financial statements. 
 Merchandise Revenue
Recognition 
 Revenue
is recognized on our Internet and catalog sales when merchandise is delivered to
customers at the point of delivery, with the point of delivery based on our
estimate of shipping time from our distribution centers to the customer. We
recognize reserves for estimated product returns based upon our historical
return experience and expectations. Had our estimate of merchandise in-transit
to customers and our estimate of product returns been different by 10 at the
end of 2008, our operating income would have been higher or lower by
approximately 2 million. Sales of gift instruments are recorded in merchandise
revenue when the gift instruments are redeemed in exchange for merchandise and
as a liability prior to redemption. We recognize breakage on gift instruments as
revenue when the probability of redemption is remote. Historically, the Company
recognized breakage seven years after the issuance of a gift certificate or gift
card. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we began recognizing breakage income on
gift instruments four years after issuance as a result of changes in historical
trends in the types of gift instruments issued and the related redemption rates.
The impact of the change in estimate in the fourth quarter of 2008 was an
increase in revenue and operating income of approximately 9 million. Had our
estimate of breakage on our recorded liability for gift instruments been
different by 10 of the recorded liability at the end of 2008, our operating
income would have been higher or lower by approximately 11 million. 
 Inventories 
 We
estimate provisions for inventory shrinkage, damaged goods returned values, and
obsolete and slow-moving items based on historical loss and product performance
statistics and future merchandising objectives. While we do not believe there is
a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future impacting
these estimates, actual losses can be higher or lower based on future
merchandising decisions and retail economic trends. Had our estimated inventory
reserves been different by 10 at the end of 2008, our cost of sales would have
been higher or lower by approximately 1 million. 
 Catalog Costs 
 Deferred
catalog costs consist of incremental internal and third-party direct costs
incurred in the development, production, and circulation of our direct mail
catalogs, composed principally of creative design, prepress/production, paper,
printing, postal, and mailing costs. Deferred catalog costs are amortized over
their expected period of future benefit or twelve months, whichever is shorter,
based upon sales forecasts developed using historical sales for similar catalog
offerings. Deferred catalog expenses are evaluated for recoverability at each
reporting period by comparing the carrying amount associated with each catalog
to actual sales data and to projected future cash flows. Had our amortization
estimate of deferred catalog costs been different by 10 for 2008, our catalog
costs expense would have been higher or lower by approximately 2
million. 
 Economic Development
Bonds 
 We
recognize economic development bond investments based on estimates of the
discounted future cash payments to be received under these bonds. These
estimates are also the basis for our recognition of deferred grant revenue to be
received under the economic development grants as an offset to construction
costs which is amortized over the asset lives of the development. These cash
flow estimates are dependent on property and/or sales tax collections derived
from our operations, and potentially other businesses, some of which may be in
the development stage. Had our fair value estimates been lower by 10 as of the
end of 2008, the value of economic development bonds reflected in our
consolidated financial statements would have been approximately 11 million less
with the unrealized loss reflected in comprehensive income (loss) if the loss
was deemed to be temporary. Any declines in the fair value of held-to-maturity
and available-for-sale economic development bonds below cost that are deemed to
be other than temporary are reflected in earnings as realized losses. Gains and
losses on sales are recorded on the trade date and determined using the specific
identification method. 
 59 

Asset Securitization 
 WFB
securitizes the majority of its credit card loans, and recognizes gains or
losses on the sales, as well as records certain retained interests, including
transferor s interest, interest only strips, cash reserve accounts, cash accounts, and
asset-backed securities, which are all subject to significant valuation
assumptions. The interests in securitized receivables, including the
transferor s interest, interest only strips, cash reserve accounts, cash accounts and
asset-backed securities, are reported at fair value or cost in the consolidated
balance sheets. Certain estimates used in the determinations of gains on sales,
and the related fair values of the asset accounts, are influenced by factors
outside of our control, and as a result, such estimates could materially change
in the near term. On a quarterly basis, we review and adjust, as appropriate,
the assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of the related
accounts recognized in connection with these securitization transactions. If
these assumptions change, or actual results differ from projected results, asset
balances and securitization income would be affected. If we had made different
assumptions for the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements,
WFB s financial position and results of operations could have differed
materially. 
 Certain
of these assumptions and estimates will change in the future with changes in
market and economic conditions. For example, rates paid to investors, as well as
projected interest income, are primarily variable rates which change with market
interest rate changes, and loan payment rates could fluctuate based on general
economic conditions. Changes in these factors may result in future estimates of
the excess spread and payment rates being materially different from the
estimates used in 2008. Refer to Note 4 for the sensitivity analysis of the
current fair value of retained interests and the impact on fair value from an
immediate adverse change of 10 and 20 in the key economic assumptions used to
determine fair value. 
 Recent Accounting Standards and
Pronouncements 
 As of
December 30, 2007, FAS No. 159, The Fair Value
Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an Amendment to
FASB Statement No. 115 became effective for
the Company. This statement permits entities to choose to measure many financial
instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument by instrument
basis with changes in fair value reported in earnings. The Company has elected
not to adopt the fair value option under FAS No. 159 on any financial
instruments or other items held. 
 Effective
December 30, 2007, we adopted the provisions of FAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements .
This statement defines fair value, establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework
for measuring fair value, and requires expanded disclosures about fair value
measurements. The provisions of FAS 157 apply to all financial instruments that
are being measured and reported on a fair value basis. In addition, in February
2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position FSP FAS 157-2, Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 . This FSP delays the effective date of FAS 157 to fiscal
years beginning after November 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal
years for all nonfinancial assets and liabilities, except those that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis (at least annually). The partial adoption of FAS 157 did not have any
impact on our financial position or results of operations. We do not believe
that the adoption of FAS 157, as it relates to nonfinancial assets and
liabilities, will have a material impact on our financial position or results of
operations. 
 In
December 2007, the FASB issued FAS No. 141R, Business Combinations , which replaces
FAS No. 141. FAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how the
acquirer of a business recognizes and measures in its financial statements the
identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. This statement applies
prospectively to all business combinations for which the acquisition date is on
or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or
after December 15, 2008. FAS 141R will be applicable to us beginning in fiscal
year 2009. 
 In
December 2007, the FASB issued FAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51 . This
statement amends ARB No. 51 to establish accounting and reporting standards for
the noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a
subsidiary. FAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December
15, 2008, including interim periods. We do not believe that the adoption of this
statement will have a material effect on our financial position or results of
operations. 
 60 

In
February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. FAS 140-3, Accounting
for Transfers of Financial Assets and Repurchase Financing Transactions. The
objective of this FSP is to provide implementation guidance on accounting for a
transfer of a financial asset and repurchase financing. The FSP presumes that an
initial transfer of a financial asset and a repurchase financing are considered
part of the same arrangement (linked transaction) under FAS 140. However, if
certain criteria are met, the initial transfer and repurchase financing shall
not be evaluated as a linked transaction and shall not be evaluated under FAS
140. FSP FAS 140-3 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2008. We do not believe that the adoption of this statement will have a material
effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 In March
2008, the FASB issued FAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133. This
statement changes the existing disclosure requirements in FASB Statement No.
133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . FAS
161 requires enhanced disclosures about an entity s derivative and hedging
activities. This statement is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008, with early
application encouraged. Since the provisions of this statement are disclosure
related, we do not believe that the adoption of this statement will have a
material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 On
September 15, 2008, the FASB issued two exposure drafts proposing amendments to
FAS 140, Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities and FASB Interpretation No. 46R, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . Currently, the transfers of our bank subsidiary s credit
card receivables in securitization transactions qualify for sale accounting
treatment. The trusts used in our bank subsidiary s securitizations are not
consolidated with us for financial reporting purposes because the trusts are
qualifying special purpose entities. Because the transfers qualify as sales and
the trusts are not subject to consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the
trusts are not reported on our consolidated balance sheet under generally
accepted accounting principles. Under the proposed amendments, the concept of a
QSPE would be eliminated and would modify the consolidation model for variable
interest entities and require continual reassessment of consolidation
conclusions. As proposed, these amendments would be effective for us at the
beginning of our 2010 fiscal year. The proposed amendments, if adopted, could
require us to consolidate the assets and liabilities of our bank subsidiary s
securitization trusts. This could cause us to breach certain financial covenants
in our credit agreements and unsecured notes. This could have a significant
effect on our financial condition and ability to meet the capital maintenance
requirements of our bank subsidiary, as affected off-balance sheet loans would
be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet and may be subject to regulatory
capital requirements. Additionally, if WFB does not meet the requirements for
the well-capitalized category under the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action, the ability to obtain certificates of deposit could be
affected. 
 On
December 11, 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. FAS 140-4 and FIN
46(R)-8, Disclosures by Public Entities
(Enterprises) about Transfers of Financial Assets and Interests in Variable
Interest Entities. As a result of the new FSP
issuers must provide additional disclosures about transfers of financial assets
and involvement with variable interest entities. The requirements apply to
transferors, sponsors, servicers, primary beneficiaries, and holders of
significant variable interests in a variable interest entity VIE or
qualifying special purpose entity. The Staff Position is effective for the first
interim period or fiscal year ending after December 15, 2008, and each interim
and annual period thereafter until the effective date of the amendments to FAS
140 and Interpretation 46R, which are still being deliberated. The new
requirements include disclosure objectives as well as required specified
disclosures. The specified disclosures focus both on continuing involvement with
transferred financial assets, including involvement related to securitizations
or asset-backed financing arrangements, and on a company s involvement with
VIEs. The Company has included the required disclosures in Note 4 of our
consolidated financial statements. The adoption of FSP FAS 140-4 did not have
any impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 On
January 12, 2009, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. EITF 99-20-1, Amendments to the Impairment Guidance of EITF Issue
No. 99-20. The FSP eliminates the requirement
that a holder s best estimate of cash flows be based upon those that a market
participant would use. Instead, the FSP requires that an other-than-temporary
impairment be recognized through earnings when it is probable that there has
been an adverse change in the holder s estimated cash flows from the cash flows
previously projected. The Staff Position is effective for the first interim
period or fiscal year ending after December 15, 2008, and each interim and
annual period thereafter. Retroactive application to a prior interim period is
not permitted. The adoption of FSP EITF 99-20-1 did not have any impact on our
financial position or results of operations. 
 61 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are
exposed to interest rate risk through our bank's operations and, to a lesser
extent, through our merchandising operations. We also are exposed to foreign
currency risk through our merchandising operations. 
 Financial Services Interest Rate
Risk 
 Interest
rate risk refers to changes in earnings or the net present value of assets and
off-balance sheet positions, less liabilities (termed "economic value of
equity") due to interest rate changes. To the extent that interest income
collected on managed credit card loans and interest expense do not respond
equally to changes in interest rates, or that rates do not change uniformly,
securitization earnings and economic value of equity could be affected. Our net
interest income on managed credit card loans is affected primarily by changes in
short term interest rate indices such as LIBOR. At the end of 2008, the variable
rate credit card loans were indexed to the prime rate. To mitigate our interest
rate risk, beginning January 2009, the variable rate credit loans were indexed
to one month LIBOR and the credit card portfolio was segmented into risk-based
pricing tiers each with a different interest margin. Securitization notes are
indexed to LIBOR-based rates of interest and are periodically repriced.
Certificates of deposit are priced at the current prevailing market rate at the
time of issuance. We manage and mitigate our interest rate sensitivity through
several techniques, but primarily by indexing the customer rates to the same
index as our cost of funds. Additional techniques we use include managing the
maturity, repricing, and distribution of assets and liabilities by issuing
fixed rate securitization notes and entering into interest rate
swaps. 
 The table below shows the mix of our
credit card account balances at the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 As a percentage
 of total balances outstanding: 

Balances carrying interest rate based upon the 

the national prime lending rate 
 66.1 

61.1 

60.2 

Balances carrying an interest rate of 9.99 
 1.9 

3.1 

3.3 

Balances carrying an interest rate of 0.00 
 1.3 

0.3 

0.1 

Balances not carrying interest because their 

previous month's balance was paid in
full 
 30.7 

35.5 

36.4 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Charges
on the credit cards issued by our Financial Services segment were priced at a
margin over the defined national prime lending rate, subject to certain interest
rate floors. No interest is charged if the account is paid in full within 20
days of the billing cycle, which represent 30.7 of total balances outstanding.
Credit card balances with a zero percentage interest rate have increased over
prior years due to an increase in promotional merchandise offers. Some of the
zero percentage promotion expenses are passed through to the merchandise vendors
for each specific promotion offered. 
 Management has performed several interest rate risk analyses to measure
the effects of the timing of the repricing of our interest sensitive assets and
liabilities. Based on these analyses, we believe that an immediate 200 basis
point, or 2.0 , increase in market rates for which our assets and liabilities
are indexed would cause a pre-tax decrease to income of 5 million for our
Financial Services segment over the next twelve months, which could have a
material effect on our operating results. 
 Merchandising Business Interest Rate
Risk 
 The
interest payable on our line of credit is based on variable interest rates and
therefore affected by changes in market interest rates. If interest rates on
existing variable rate debt increased 1.0 , our interest expense and results
from operations and cash flows would not be materially affected. 
 62 

Foreign Currency Risk 
 We
purchase a significant amount of inventory from vendors outside of the United
States in transactions that are primarily U. S. dollar transactions. A small
percentage of our international purchase transactions are in currencies other
than the U. S. dollar. Any currency risks related to these transactions are
immaterial to us. A decline in the relative value of the U. S. dollar to other
foreign currencies could, however, lead to increased merchandise costs. For our
retail store in Canada, we intend to fund all transactions in Canadian dollars,
and we will utilize our unsecured revolving credit agreement of 15 million to
fund such operations. 
 63 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
 FIRM 
 65 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 66 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 67 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 68 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity 
 69 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 64 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Cabela s Incorporated and Subsidiaries Sidney,
Nebraska 
 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Cabela s Incorporated and Subsidiaries (the
"Company") as of December 27, 2008 and December 29, 2007, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2008. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These
financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 
 In our opinion, such consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Cabela s Incorporated and Subsidiaries as of December 27, 2008 and
December 29, 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2008, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein. 
 We have also audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December
27, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated February 24, 2009 expressed an unqualified
opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche
LLP 
 DELOITTE TOUCHE
LLP 
 Omaha, Nebraska February 24,
2009 
 65 

CABELA S
 INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands Except
 Earnings Per Share) 

Fiscal Years 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Revenue: 

Merchandise sales 
 
 2,380,655 

2,173,995 

1,908,801 

Financial services revenue 
 
 158,971 

159,335 

137,423 

Other revenue 
 
 13,095 

16,269 

17,300 

Total
 revenue 
 
 2,552,721 

2,349,599 

2,063,524 

Cost of
 revenue: 

Merchandise costs 
 
 1,539,157 

1,376,691 

1,199,851 

Cost of other revenue 
 
 1,057 

1,695 

4,548 

Total cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and
 amortization) 
 
 1,540,214 

1,378,386 

1,204,399 

Selling,
 distribution, and administrative expenses 
 
 871,468 

820,121 

715,380 

Operating income 
 
 141,039 

151,092 

143,745 

Interest expense, net 
 
 (29,658) 

(18,778) 

(16,126) 
 
 Other
 non-operating income, net 
 
 6,854 

6,913 

9,637 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 
 118,235 

139,227 

137,256 

Provision for
 income taxes 
 
 41,831 

51,348 

51,471 

Net income 
 
 76,404 

87,879 

85,785 

Basic net income per share 
 
 1.15 

1.34 

1.32 

Diluted net
 income per share 
 
 1.14 

1.31 

1.29 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 66,384,004 

65,744,077 

65,221,339 

Diluted weighted
 average shares outstanding 
 
 67,158,583 

67,275,531 

66,643,856 
 
 Refer to notes to consolidated financial
statements. 
 66 

CABELA S
 INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands Except Par
 Values) 

December 27, 
 
 December 29, 
 
 ASSETS 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 CURRENT 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 410,104 

131,182 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 556
 and 1,851 
 
 45,788 

46,857 

Credit card loans, net of allowances of 1,507 and
 1,197 
 
 167,226 

191,893 

Inventories 
 
 517,657 

608,159 

Prepaid expenses and other current
assets 
 
 133,439 

116,297 

Total current assets 
 
 1,274,214 

1,094,388 

Property and
 equipment, net 
 
 881,080 

904,052 

Land held for sale or development 
 
 39,318 

34,802 

Retained
 interests in securitized loans 
 
 61,605 

51,777 

Economic development bonds 
 
 112,585 

98,035 

Other
 assets 
 
 27,264 

29,776 

Total assets 
 
 2,396,066 

2,212,830 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT 

Accounts payable, including unpresented checks of 28,217 and
 11,340 
 
 189,766 

281,391 

Gift certificates, and credit card and loyalty rewards
 programs 
 
 184,834 

184,257 

Accrued expenses 
 
 123,296 

139,510 

Time deposits 
 
 178,817 

49,219 

Short-term borrowings of financial services
 subsidiary 

100,000 

Current maturities of long-term debt 
 
 695 

26,785 

Income taxes payable 
 
 11,689 

34,341 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 11,707 

15,601 

Total current liabilities 
 
 700,804 

831,104 

Long-term debt,
 less current maturities 
 
 379,336 

376,600 

Long-term time deposits 
 
 307,382 

111,372 

Deferred income
 taxes 
 
 38,707 

31,113 

Other long-term liabilities 
 
 56,132 

34,082 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, 0.01 par value; Authorized 
 10,000,000 shares; Issued none 

Common stock, 0.01 par value: 

Class
 A Voting, Authorized 245,000,000 shares; Issued 66,833,984 and
 65,888,384 shares 
 
 668 

659 

Class B Non-voting, Authorized 245,000,000 shares;
 Issued none 

Additional
 paid-in capital 
 
 271,958 

257,351 

Retained earnings 
 
 647,676 

571,272 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 
 
 (6,597) 

(723) 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 
 913,705 

828,559 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 equity 
 
 2,396,066 

2,212,830 
 
 Refer to notes
to consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

CABELA S
 INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (In Thousands) 

Fiscal Years 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 
 
 76,404 

87,879 

85,785 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from
 operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 64,673 

59,863 

45,559 

Stock based compensation 
 
 6,535 

4,944 

3,615 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 6,928 

(1,077) 

24,030 

Other, net 
 
 (3,250) 

(167) 

1,188 

Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of business
 acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 2,633 

(8,425) 

(11,506) 
 
 Originations of credit card loans held for
 sale 
 
 (271,730) 

(378,186) 

(325,382) 
 
 Proceeds from securitizations of credit card
 loans 
 
 292,687 

336,000 

267,000 

Retained interests in securitized loans 
 
 (14,578) 

(11,244) 

(12,818) 
 
 Inventories 
 
 90,502 

(119,051) 

(87,779) 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current
assets 
 
 (12,517) 

(10,964) 

(14,974) 
 
 Land held for sale or development 
 
 1,474 

(10,379) 

602 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 (83,857) 

9,756 

73,936 

Gift certificates, and credit card and loyalty rewards
 programs 
 
 576 

39,789 

23,090 

Other long-term liabilities 
 
 22,050 

15,926 

(3,269) 
 
 Income taxes payable 
 
 (23,562) 

17,164 

(14,120) 

Net cash derived from operating activities 
 
 154,968 

31,828 

54,957 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Property and equipment additions 
 
 (91,164) 

(335,644) 

(179,238) 
 
 Proceeds from dispositions of property and
equipment 
 
 27 

3,931 

Purchases of economic development bonds 
 
 (18,525) 

(36,223) 

(23,397) 
 
 Proceeds from retirements and maturities of economic development
 bonds 
 
 3,405 

45,427 

54,065 

Purchases of short-term investments 

(131,225) 
 
 Proceeds from sales or maturities of short-term
 investments 
 
 2,946 

131,225 

Change in credit card loans receivable,
 net 
 
 2,450 

1,228 

(5,308) 
 
 Acquisition, net of cash acquired 

(9,277) 

Other investing changes, net 
 
 2,650 

(935) 

9,182 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 
 (98,211) 

(331,493) 

(144,696) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Change in unpresented checks net of bank balance 
 
 16,877 

11,340 

(21,652) 
 
 Change in time deposits, net 
 
 325,608 

58,395 

(7,292) 
 
 Changes in short-term borrowings of financial services
 subsidiary 
 
 (100,000) 

93,509 

6,491 

Borrowings on revolving credit facilities and inventory
 financing 
 
 778,135 

510,939 

391,589 

Repayments on revolving credit facilities and inventory
 financing 
 
 (815,710) 

(454,757) 

(383,203) 
 
 Issuances of long-term debt 
 
 61,200 

60,800 

215,000 

Payments on long-term debt 
 
 (52,874) 

(27,008) 

(29,093) 
 
 Exercise of employee stock options and employee
 stock puchase plan issuances 
 
 7,719 

3,978 

3,832 

Other financing changes, net 
 
 1,210 

748 

47 

Net cash provided by financing
activities 
 
 222,165 

257,944 

175,719 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 278,922 

(41,721) 

85,980 

Cash and cash
 equivalents, at beginning of year 
 
 131,182 

172,903 

86,923 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 
 
 410,104 

131,182 

172,903 
 
 Refer to notes to consolidated financial
statements. 
 68 

CABELA S
 INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 (Dollars in
 Thousands) 

Accumulated 

Common 

Additional 

Other 

Stock 
 
 Common 
 
 Paid-In 
 
 Retained 
 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 
 Stock 
 
 Capital 
 
 Earnings 
 
 Income (Loss) 
 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, beginning of 2006 
 64,764,454 

648 

239,868 

399,363 

(26) 

639,853 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

85,785 

85,785 

Unrealized gain on economic development 

bonds, net of taxes of 187 

311 

311 

Derivative adjustment, net of taxes of
 19 

30 

30 

Total comprehensive income 

86,126 

Stock based compensation 

3,462 

3,462 

Employee stock purchase plan issuances 
 101,336 

1 

1,643 

1,644 

Exercise of employee stock options 
 497,946 

5 

2,183 

2,188 

Tax benefit on employee stock option exercises 

585 

585 

BALANCE, end of 2006 
 65,363,736 

654 

247,741 

485,148 

315 

733,858 

Cumulative effect adjustment to adopt FIN 48 

(1,755) 

(1,755) 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

87,879 

87,879 

Unrealized loss on economic development 

bonds,
 net of taxes of 659 

(1,098) 

(1,098) 
 
 Derivative adjustment, net of taxes of 32 

53 

53 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

7 

7 

Total
 comprehensive income 

86,841 

Stock based compensation 

4,465 

4,465 

Exercise of employee stock options 
 524,648 

5 

3,973 

3,978 

Tax
 benefit on employee stock option exercises 

1,172 

1,172 

BALANCE, end of
 2007 
 65,888,384 

659 

257,351 

571,272 

(723) 

828,559 

Net income 

76,404 

76,404 

Unrealized loss on economic development 

bonds, net of taxes of 3,200 

(5,425) 

(5,425) 
 
 Derivative adjustment, net of taxes of 24 

(43) 

(43) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(406) 

(406) 
 
 Total
 comprehensive income 

70,530 

Stock based compensation 

6,058 

6,058 

Employee stock purchase plan issuances 
 64,668 

513 

513 

Issuance of restricted stock 
 111,324 

1 

1 

Exercise of employee stock options 
 769,608 

8 

7,198 

7,206 

Tax benefit on employee stock option exercises 

838 

838 

BALANCE, end of 2008 
 66,833,984 

668 

271,958 

647,676 

(6,597) 

913,705 
 
 Refer to notes to consolidated financial
statements. 
 69 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Nature of Business Cabela s
Incorporated is a retailer of hunting, fishing, and outdoor gear, offering
products through retail stores, the Internet, and regular and special catalog
mailings. Cabela s operates 29 retail stores, 26 located in 20 states and one
located in Winnipeg, Manitoba. World s Foremost Bank WFB or bank ), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Cabela s, is a limited purpose bank formed under the
Competitive Equality Banking Act of 1987. The lending activities of WFB are
limited to credit card lending and its deposit issuance is limited to time
deposits of at least one hundred thousand dollars. 
 Principles of Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Cabela s Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Cabela s, Company, 
 we, our, or us ). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Reporting Year Our fiscal year
ends on the Saturday nearest to December 31. Unless otherwise stated, the fiscal
years referred to in the notes to these consolidated financial statements are
the 52 weeks ended December 27, 2008 2008 or year ended 2008 ), the 52 weeks
ended December 29, 2007 2007 or year ended 2007 ), and the 52 weeks ended
December 30, 2006 2006 or year ended 2006 ). WFB follows a calendar fiscal
period and, accordingly, fiscal years end on December 31st. 
 Use
of Estimates The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition Revenue is
recognized for retail store sales at the time of the sale in the store and for
Direct sales when the merchandise is delivered to the customer. We recognize a
reserve for estimated product returns based on our historical returns
experience. Shipping fees charged to customers are included in net revenue and
shipping costs are included in cost of revenue. 
 Revenue
from the sale of gift certificates, gift cards, and e-certificates is recognized
in revenue when the gift instruments are redeemed for merchandise or services.
We record gift instrument breakage as revenue when the probability of redemption
is remote. Historically, the Company recognized breakage seven years after the
issuance of a gift certificate or gift card. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we
began recognizing breakage on gift instruments four years after issuance as a
result of changes in trends in the types of gift instruments issued and the
related redemption rates. The impact of the change in estimate in the fourth
quarter of 2008 was an increase in revenue and operating income of 8,702. Total
gift instrument breakage was 10,152, 1,458, and 1,402 for 2008, 2007, and
2006, respectively. Our gift instrument liability at the end of 2008 and 2007
was 106,159 and 113,302, respectively. 
 WFB
recognizes gains on sales of credit card loans as these loans are securitized
and sold. Interchange income is earned when a charge is made to a customer s
account. 
 Credit Card Interest and Fees 
Financial Services revenue includes credit card interest and fees relating to
late payments, over limit, returned check, payment assurance, and cash advance
transactions. These fees are assessed according to the terms of the related
cardholder agreements and recognized as revenue when charged to the cardholders 
accounts. Interest and fees are accrued in accordance with the terms of the
applicable cardholder agreements on credit card loans until the date of
charge-off. Charge-offs for credit card loans are recorded when accounts are, at
a minimum, 130 days contractually delinquent. Accounts relating to cardholder
bankruptcies, cardholder deaths, and fraudulent transactions are charged off
earlier. Prior to June 2007, our policy was to charge-off accounts on the
24 th day of the month after an account
became 115 days contractually past due, except in the case of cardholder
bankruptcies, cardholder deaths, and fraudulent transactions, which were charged
off earlier. Interest income is accrued on accounts that carry a balance from
the statement date through the end of the month. 
 70 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Cost of Revenue and Selling, Distribution, and Administrative
Expenses Our cost of revenue primarily
consists of merchandise acquisition costs, including freight-in costs, as well
as shipping costs. Our selling, distribution, and administrative expenses
consist of the costs associated with selling, marketing, warehousing, retail
store replenishment, and other operating expense activities. All depreciation
and amortization expense is associated with selling, distribution, and
administrative activities, and accordingly, is included in this same category on
the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash
equivalents include credit card and debit card receivables from other banks, which
settle within one to four business days. Receivables from other banks totaled
 9,889 and 9,711 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. Unpresented checks,
net of available cash bank balances, are classified as current liabilities. Cash
and cash equivalents of WFB were 402,058 and 123,163 at the end of 2008 and
2007, respectively. Due to regulatory restrictions on our bank, we are
restricted from using cash held by WFB for non-banking operations. 
 Securitization of Credit Card Loans WFB sells the majority of its credit card loans to a securitization
trust and recognizes related gains or losses as a component of securitization
income in Financial Services revenue. WFB must retain a minimum 20 day average
of 5 of the interests in the securitization trust, which is known as a
 transferor interest in the securitized loans, and ranks equal with the
investor notes. Credit card loans classified as held for sale, which includes
the WFB s transferor s interest in securitized credit card loans, are carried at
the lower of cost or market. Net unrealized losses, if any, are recognized in
income through a valuation allowance. Although WFB continues to service the
underlying credit card accounts and maintains the customer relationships, these
securitization transactions are treated as sales and the securitized loans are
not included in our consolidated balance sheet. Gains or losses are recognized
at the time of sale, and depend in part on the carrying amount assigned to the
credit card loans sold, which is allocated between the assets sold and retained
interest based on their relative fair values at the date of transfer. WFB
recognized gains on sales totaling 15,657, 22,740, and 17,410 for 2008, 2007,
and 2006, respectively. 
 WFB
retains certain interests in securitized loans, including a transferor s
interest, servicing rights, interest-only strips, cash reserve accounts, and in some cases
cash accounts. WFB classifies the
interest-only strips and cash reserve accounts as retained interests
in asset securitizations. A servicing asset or liability is not recognized
as WFB receives adequate compensation relative to current market servicing
rates. 
 In addition, WFB owns asset-backed
securities from some of its securitizations, which are subordinated to other
notes issued. The asset-backed securities are classified as trading securities.
Asset-backed trading securities fluctuate daily based on the short-term
operational needs of WFB. Advances and pay downs on the trading securities are
at par value. Therefore, the par value of the asset-backed trading securities
approximates fair value. 
 WFB
retains rights to future cash flows derived from finance charge collections,
certain fee collections, allocated interchange, and recoveries on charged-off
accounts net of collection costs, arising after investors have received the
return for which they are entitled; reimbursement for charged-off accounts; and
after certain administrative costs, such as servicing fees of operating the
trust. This portion of the retained interests is known as interest-only strips
and is subordinate to investor s interests. For interest-only strips and cash
reserve accounts, WFB estimates related fair values based on the present value
of future expected cash flows using assumptions for credit losses, payment
rates, and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved, but does not
include interchange income since interchange income is earned only when a charge
is made to a customer s account. The value of the interest-only strips and cash reserve accounts are
subject to credit, payment rate, and interest rate risks on the loans sold. For cash accounts, WFB estimates related fair values
based on the present value of future expected cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Fair
value changes in the interest-only strips and cash reserve accounts are recorded in securitization income
included in Financial Services revenue. Actual results could differ materially
from the estimates, and changes in circumstances could result in significant
future changes to the assumptions currently being used. 
 71 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Inventories Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost or market . 
 All inventories are finished goods. The reserve for
inventory shrinkage, estimated based on cycle counts and physical inventories,
was 9,825 and 6,875 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. The reserves
for returns of damaged goods, obsolescence, and slow-moving items, estimated
based upon historical experience, inventory aging, and specific identification,
were 6,626 and 6,805 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 Vendor Allowances Vendor
allowances include price allowances, volume rebates, store opening costs
reimbursements, marketing participation, and advertising reimbursements received
from vendors under vendor contracts. Vendor merchandise allowances are
recognized as a reduction of the costs of merchandise as sold. Vendor
reimbursements of costs are recorded as a reduction to expense in the period the
related cost is incurred based on actual costs incurred. Any cost reimbursements
exceeding expenses incurred are recognized as a reduction of the cost of
merchandise sold. Volume allowances may be estimated based on historical
purchases and estimates of projected purchases. 
 Deferred Catalog Costs and Advertising Advertising production costs are expensed as the advertising occurs
except for catalog costs which are amortized over the expected period of benefit
estimated at 3 to 12 months after mailing. Unamortized catalog costs totaled
 31,015 and 32,569 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. Advertising
expense, including catalog costs amortization, and website marketing paid search
fees, was 212,379, 207,373, and 191,533 for 2008, 2007, and 2006,
respectively. Advertising vendor reimbursements netted in advertising expense
above totaled 1,834, 7,058, and 4,546 for 2008, 2007, and 2006,
respectively. 
 Store Pre-opening Expenses 
Non-capital costs associated with the opening of new stores are expensed as
incurred. 
 Leases We lease certain retail
locations, distribution centers, office space, equipment and land. Assets held
under capital lease are included in property and equipment. Operating lease
rentals are expensed on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. At the
inception of a lease, we determine the lease term by assuming the exercise of
those renewal options that are reasonably assured because of the significant
economic penalty that exists for not exercising those options. The exercise of
lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. The expected lease term is used
to determine whether a lease is capital or operating and is used to calculate
straight-line rent expense. Additionally, the depreciable life of buildings and
leasehold improvements is limited by the expected lease term. 
 Property and Equipment Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are provided
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, including assets held under
capital leases, on a straight-line basis. Leasehold improvements are amortized
over the lease term or, if shorter, the useful lives of the improvements. Assets
held under capital lease agreements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term.
The costs of major improvements that extend the useful life of an asset are
capitalized. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Capitalized interest on projects during the construction period
totaled 2,472, 4,069, and 355, for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Costs
related to internally developed software are capitalized and amortized on a
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
 Intangible Assets Intangible
assets are recorded in other assets and include non-compete agreements and
goodwill. At the end of 2008 and 2007, intangible assets totaled 5,902 and
 8,123, net of accumulated amortization of 2,132 and 4,509, respectively.
During the fourth quarter of 2008, we completed our annual impairment analyses
of goodwill and other intangible assets and recognized an impairment of
 1,070, which is recorded in selling, distribution, and administrative expenses
in our Direct segment where projected discounted cash flows were less than the
fair value of the reporting unit. 
 Intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are amortized over three
to five years. Amortization expense for these intangible assets for the
next five years is estimated to approximate 725 (2009), 715 (2010), 644
(2011), 459 (2012), and 139 (2013). 
 72 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 On
September 27, 2007, we purchased the net assets, and assumed certain
liabilities, of an outdoors specialty retailer located in Winnipeg, Manitoba,
totaling 11,162. The purchase price has been allocated to tangible and
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over
the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill of 3,505. We
recorded goodwill related to this acquisition based on expected future economic
benefits as this acquisition will serve as our platform for expansion into
Canada. Results of operations for this acquisition for the last three months of
2007 and for fiscal year 2008 are included in our consolidated income
statement. 
 Restructuring and Impairment Charges After completing a review of our organizational structure, in October
2008 we announced a reduction in workforce of approximately 10 at our company
headquarters. Severance and related benefits under this workforce reduction
totaled 1,670, which was recorded in selling, distribution, and
administrative expenses. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2008,
we evaluated the recoverability of our available for sale economic development
bonds being actively marketed and recorded an other-than-temporary
impairment. We also evaluated the recoverability of our property and
equipment. The impairment charges associated with these assets totaled
 2,269 and were recorded in selling, distribution, and administrative expenses
in the fourth quarter of 2008. We also incurred prepayment penalties
totaling 775 in the fourth quarter of 2008. In addition, included in
restructuring and impairment charges was the impairment of goodwill and other
intangibles described earlier totaling 1,070, for total restructuring and
impairment charges of 5,784. 
 Land Held for Sale or Development Proceeds from the sale of land from development activities are
recognized in other revenue and the corresponding costs of land sold are
recognized in other costs of revenue. 
 Government Economic Assistance 
When we construct a new retail store or retail development, we may receive
economic assistance from local governments to fund a portion or all of our
associated capital costs. This assistance typically comes in the form of cash
and/or land grants and has been typically funded by the local government through
proceeds from the sale of economic development bonds. We have historically
purchased the majority of the bonds associated with our developments. Cash
grants are made available to fund land, retail store construction, and/or
development infrastructure costs. Economic development bonds are typically
repaid through sales and/or property taxes generated by the retail store and/or
within a designated development area. Cash and land grants are recognized as
deferred grant income as a reduction to the costs, or recognized fair value in
the case of land grants, of the associated property and equipment. Deferred
grant income is amortized to earnings, as a reduction of depreciation expense,
over the average estimated useful life of the associated assets. 
 Deferred
grant income estimates, and their associated present value, are updated
quarterly. These estimates are determined when estimation of the fair value of
associated economic development bonds are performed if there are related bond
investments. When it is determined that recorded amounts will not be recovered
through projected discounted cash flows, an adjustment is made to reduce
deferred grant income, and accumulated amortization on the deferred grant at
that point in time is reversed as an increase to depreciation expense. We may
agree to guarantee deficiencies in tax collections which fund the repayment of
economic development bonds. We guaranteed an economic development bond totaling
 3,695 at the end of 2007 and did not guarantee any economic development bonds
at the end of 2008. 
 Land
grants typically include land associated with the retail store and may include
other land for sale and further development. Land grants are recognized at the
fair value of the land on date of grant. Deferred grant income on land grants is
recognized as a reduction to depreciation expense over the estimated life of the
related assets of the developments. In 2008 and 2007, we received land under
land grants with a fair value of 5,015 and 19,000, respectively. 
 Certain
grants contain covenants we are required to comply with regarding minimum
employment levels, maintaining retail stores in certain locations, and
maintaining office facilities in certain locations. For these grants we
recognize grant revenue as the milestones associated with the grant are met. For
2008 and 2007, we were in compliance with all material requirements under these
grants. 
 73 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Economic Development Bonds 
Economic development bonds bonds issued by state and local municipalities
that management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as
held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost. Other bonds are classified as
available-for-sale and valued at their fair value. Fair values of bonds are
estimated using discounted cash flow projections based on available market
interest rates and management estimates including the estimated amounts and
timing of expected future tax payments to be received by the municipalities
under development zones. These fair values do not reflect any premium or
discount that could result from offering these bonds for sale or through early
redemption, or any related income tax impact. Declines in the fair value of
held-to-maturity and available-for-sale economic development bonds below cost
that are deemed to be other than temporary are reflected in earnings. 
 Credit Card and Loyalty Rewards Programs Cabela s CLUB Visa cardholders receive Cabela s points based on the
dollar amounts of transactions through WFB issued credit cards which may be
redeemed for Cabela s products and services. Points may also be awarded for
special promotions for the acquisition and retention of accounts. The dollar
amount of related points are accrued as earned by the cardholder and recorded as
a reduction in Financial Services revenue. In addition to the WFB issued credit
cards, customers receive points for purchases at Cabela s from various loyalty
programs. The dollar amount of unredeemed credit card points and loyalty points
was 106,159 and 70,955 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. The total
cost incurred for all credit card rewards and loyalty programs was 118,269,
 109,619, and 90,096 for 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 
 Income Taxes The Company files
consolidated federal and state income tax returns with its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. The consolidated group follows a policy of requiring each entity
to provide for income taxes in an amount equal to the income taxes that would
have been incurred if each were filing separately. We recognize deferred income
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases
of our assets and liabilities. We establish valuation allowances if we believe
it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not
be realized. 
 Stock-Based Compensation We
adopted the provisions of FAS No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment FAS 123R ), on
January 1, 2006, using the modified prospective transition method. Prior to
January 1, 2006, we accounted for stock-based payments under the provisions of
Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations. Effective January 1, 2006, we also adopted
FASB Staff Interpretation FAS 123(R)-3, Transition Election Related to Accounting for the Tax Effect of
Share-Based Payment Awards , relating to transitional guidance on determining and
reporting excess tax benefits from stock options exercised. 
 Under FAS
123R, we recognize compensation expense as follows. For equity awards issued
after January 1, 2006, compensation expense is estimated based on grant date
fair value on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For
awards granted prior to, but not yet vested as of January 1, 2006, we estimated
compensation expense based on the grant date fair value estimated under the
provisions of APB Opinion No. 25. Costs associated with all awards are included
in compensation expense as a component of selling, distribution, and
administrative expenses. 
 Financial Instruments and Credit Risk Concentrations Financial instruments which may subject us to concentrations
of credit risk are primarily cash, cash investments, and accounts receivable. We
invest primarily in money market accounts or tax-free municipal bonds, with
short-term maturities, limiting the amount of credit exposure to any one entity.
Concentrations of credit risk on accounts receivable are limited due to the
nature of our receivables. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable, gift certificates (including credit card loyalty rewards
programs), accrued expenses, short-term borrowings, and income taxes payable
included in the consolidated balance sheets approximate fair value given
the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The estimated fair
values of our long-term debt instruments are based on the amount of future cash
flows associated with each instrument discounted using current borrowing rates
for similar debt instruments of comparable maturity. Time deposits are pooled in
homogeneous groups, and the future cash flows of those groups are discounted
using current market rates offered for similar products for purposes of
estimating fair value. The estimated fair value of credit card loans is based on
the present value of future expected cash flows using assumptions for credit
losses, payment rates, and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved.
The estimated fair value of credit card loans was 168,429 and 191,893 at
the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 74 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Derivatives We use derivatives
for the purpose of hedging our exposure to changes in interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates. The fair value of each derivative is recognized in the
consolidated balance sheets within current assets or current liabilities. For
derivatives designated as a hedge and used to hedge an anticipated transaction,
changes in the fair value of the derivatives are deferred in the consolidated
balance sheets within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the
extent the hedge is effective in mitigating the exposure to the related
anticipated transaction. Any ineffectiveness associated with the hedge is
recognized immediately in earnings. Amounts deferred within accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) are recognized in the consolidated income statements
in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. For
derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, changes in fair values are
recognized immediately in earnings. 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income, derivative adjustments,
unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale economic development bonds,
and foreign currency translation adjustments, net of related income
taxes. 
 Currency Translation Assets and
liabilities of our Canadian operations are translated into U. S. dollars at
currency exchange rates in effect at the end of a reporting period. Gains and
losses from translation into U. S. dollars are included in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. Revenues and
expenses are translated at average monthly currency exchange rates. 
 Earnings Per Share Basic
earnings per share EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted
EPS is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number
of shares outstanding plus all additional common shares that would have been
outstanding if potentially dilutive common share equivalents had been
issued. 
 2. CHANGE IN
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES 
 At the beginning of fiscal 2007,
December 31, 2006, we adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 FIN 48 ). FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The recognition
threshold requires that we determine whether it is more likely than not that a
tax position will be sustained upon examination, and then the position is
measured at the largest amount of the benefit that is greater than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are
tax benefits claimed on our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and
measurement standards. 
 As a
result of adopting FIN 48, we recognized additional liabilities for unrecognized
tax benefits of 8,569. Of this amount, 966 after-tax was recorded as a
one-time decrease to our beginning retained earnings. The remaining amount was
previously accrued under FAS 5, Accounting for
Contingencies , or FAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes . In addition, we recorded 1,196 before-tax, or 789 after-tax, of
accrued interest on the estimated unrecognized tax benefits as a one-time
decrease to our beginning retained earnings. The cumulative effect of adopting
FIN 48 totaled 1,755 as a decrease to our beginning retained
earnings. 
 3. ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 As of
December 30, 2007, FAS No. 159, The Fair
Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an
Amendment to FASB Statement No. 115 became
effective for the Company. This statement permits entities to choose to measure
many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an
instrument by instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in earnings.
The Company has elected not to adopt the fair value option under FAS No. 159 on
any financial instruments or other items held. 
 75 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Effective
December 30, 2007, we adopted the provisions of FAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements .
This statement defines fair value, establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework
for measuring fair value, and requires expanded disclosures about fair value
measurements. The provisions of FAS 157 apply to all financial instruments that
are being measured and reported on a fair value basis. In addition, in February
2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position FAS 157-2, Effective Date of FASB
Statement No. 157. This FSP delays the effective date of FAS 157 to fiscal years
beginning after November 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years
for all nonfinancial assets and liabilities, except those that are recognized or
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at
least annually). The partial adoption of FAS 157 did not have any impact on our
financial position or results of operations. We do not believe that the adoption
of FAS 157, as it relates to nonfinancial assets and liabilities, will have a
material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 In
December 2007, the FASB issued FAS No. 141R, Business Combinations , which replaces
FAS No. 141. FAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how the
acquirer of a business recognizes and measures in its financial statements the
identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. This statement applies
prospectively to all business combinations for which the acquisition date is on
or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or
after December 15, 2008. FAS 141R will be applicable to us beginning in fiscal
year 2009. 
 In December 2007, the FASB issued
FAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests in
Consolidated Financial Statements an
amendment of ARB No. 51 . This statement
amends ARB No. 51 to establish accounting and reporting standards for the
noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a
subsidiary. FAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December
15, 2008, including interim periods. We do not believe that the adoption of this
statement will have a material effect on our financial position or results of
operations. 
 In
February 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 140-3, Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets and Repurchase Financing
Transactions. The objective of this FSP is to
provide implementation guidance on accounting for a transfer of a financial
asset and repurchase financing. The FSP presumes that an initial transfer of a
financial asset and a repurchase financing are considered part of the same
arrangement (linked transaction) under FAS 140. However, if certain criteria are
met, the initial transfer and repurchase financing shall not be evaluated as a
linked transaction and shall not be evaluated under FAS 140. FSP FAS 140-3 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008. We do not believe
that the adoption of this statement will have a material effect on our financial
position or results of operations. 
 In March
2008, the FASB issued FAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133. This
statement changes the existing disclosure requirements in FASB Statement No.
133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . FAS
161 requires enhanced disclosures about an entity s derivative and hedging
activities. This statement is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008, with early
application encouraged. Since the provisions of this statement are disclosure
related, we do not believe that the adoption of this statement will have a
material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 76 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 On
September 15, 2008, the FASB issued two exposure drafts proposing amendments to
FAS 140, Accounting for Transfers and
Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities and FASB Interpretation No. 46R, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . Currently, the transfers of our bank subsidiary s credit card
receivables in securitization transactions qualify for sale accounting
treatment. The trusts used in our bank subsidiary s securitizations are not
consolidated with us for financial reporting purposes because the trusts are
qualifying special purpose entities. Because the transfers qualify as sales and
the trusts are not subject to consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the
trusts are not reported on our consolidated balance sheet under generally
accepted accounting principles. Under the proposed amendments, the concept of a
QSPE would be eliminated and would modify the consolidation model for variable
interest entities and require continual reassessment of consolidation
conclusions. As proposed, these amendments would be effective for us at the
beginning of our 2010 fiscal year. The proposed amendments, if adopted, could
require us to consolidate the assets and liabilities of our bank subsidiary s
securitization trusts. This could cause us to breach certain financial covenants
in our credit agreements and unsecured notes. This could have a significant
effect on our financial condition and ability to meet the regulatory capital
maintenance requirements of our bank subsidiary, as affected off-balance sheet
loans would be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet and may be subject to
regulatory capital requirements. Additionally, if WFB does not meet the
requirements for the well-capitalized category under the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action, the ability to obtain certificates of deposit
could be affected. 
 On
December 11, 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. FAS 140-4 and FIN
46(R)-8, Disclosures by Public Entities
(Enterprises) about Transfers of Financial Assets and Interests in Variable
Interest Entities. As a result of the new FSP
issuers must provide additional disclosures about transfers of financial assets
and involvement with variable interest entities. The requirements apply to
transferors, sponsors, servicers, primary beneficiaries, and holders of
significant variable interests in a variable interest entity or qualifying
special purpose entity. The Staff Position is effective for the first interim
period or fiscal year ending after December 15, 2008, and each interim and
annual period thereafter until the effective date of the amendments to FAS 140
and Interpretation 46R, which are still being deliberated. The new requirements
include disclosure objectives as well as required specified disclosures. The
specified disclosures focus both on continuing involvement with transferred
financial assets, including involvement related to securitizations or
asset-backed financing arrangements, and on a company s involvement with VIEs.
The Company has included the required disclosures below in Note 4. The adoption
of FSP FAS 140-4 did not have any impact on our financial position or results of
operations. 
 On
January 12, 2009, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. EITF 99-20-1,
 Amendments to the Impairment Guidance of EITF
Issue No. 99-20. The FSP eliminates the
requirement that a holder s best estimate of cash flows be based upon those
 that a market participant would use. Instead, the FSP requires that an
other-than-temporary impairment be recognized through earnings when it is
probable that there has been an adverse change in the holder s estimated cash
flows from the cash flows previously projected. The Staff Position is effective
for the first interim period or fiscal year ending after December 15, 2008, and
each interim and annual period thereafter. Retroactive application to a prior
interim period is not permitted. The adoption of FSP EITF 99-20-1 did not have
any impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 4. CREDIT CARD LOANS AND
SECURITIZATION 
 WFB has
established the Cabela s Master Credit Card Trust for the purpose of routinely
selling and securitizing credit card loans and issuing beneficial interest
to investors. The trust issues variable funding facilities and long-term
notes each of which has an undivided interest in the assets of the trust.
Variable rate notes are priced at a benchmark rate plus a spread. Fixed rate
notes are priced on a swap rate plus a spread. At the end of 2008,
the trust had six term series outstanding totaling 1,700,000 and three variable
funding facilities with 911,115 in available capacity and 474,272
outstanding. WFB maintains responsibility for servicing the securitized
loans and receives a servicing fee based on the average outstanding loans in the
trust. Servicing fees are paid monthly and reflected in other non-interest
income in Financial Services revenue. The trust is not a subsidiary of WFB
or Cabela s and is therefore excluded from the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with GAAP. These securitizations qualify as sales under GAAP
and accordingly are not treated as debt on the consolidated financial
statements. The credit card loans receivable equal to the investor
interest is removed from the consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 As
contractually required, WFB establishes certain cash accounts, to be used as
collateral for the benefit of investors. As of 2008 and 2007, the balances in the
cash accounts with the trustee were 8,000 and 12,750, respectively. In
addition, WFB owns asset-backed securities from some of its securitizations,
which are subordinated to other notes issued. 
 WFB s retained interests in credit
card asset securitizations include a transferor s interest, asset-backed
securities, accrued interest receivable on securitized credit card receivables,
cash accounts, servicing rights, the interest-only strip, cash reserve accounts,
and other retained interests. The transferor s interest is represented by
security certificates and is reported in credit card loans held for sale. WFB s
transferor s interest ranks pari passu with investors interests in the
securitization trusts. The remaining retained interests are subordinate to
certain investors interests, and as such, may not be realized by WFB if needed
to absorb deficiencies in cash flows that are allocated to the investors of the
trusts. 
 WFB s retained interest and related
receivables are comprised of the following: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Investments in asset-backed securities - trading
 securities 
 
 31,584 

12,650 
 
 Interest-only
 strip, cash reserve accounts, and cash accounts 
 
 30,021 

39,127 
 
 Transferor's Interest 
 
 143,411 

166,700 
 
 Other assets - accrued interest receivable, and amounts due
 from trust 
 
 32,379 

25,222 

Total 
 
 237,395 

243,699 

WFB s retained interests are subject
to credit, payment and interest rate risks on the transferred credit card
receivables. To protect investors, the securitization structures include certain
features that could result in earlier-than-expected repayment of the securities,
which could cause WFB to sustain a loss of one or more of its retained interests
and could prompt the need for WFB to seek alternative sources of funding. The
primary investor protection feature relates to the availability and adequacy of
cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual
requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the
securities. WFB refers to this as the early amortization feature. Investors
are allocated cash flows derived from activities related to the accounts
comprising the securitized pool of receivables, the amounts of which reflect
finance charges collected, certain fee assessments collected, allocations of
interchange, and recoveries on charged off accounts. From these cash flows,
investors are reimbursed for charge-offs occurring within the securitized pool
of receivables and receive a contractual rate of return and WFB is paid a
servicing fee as servicer. Any cash flows remaining in excess of these
requirements are paid to WFB and recorded as excess spread, included in
securitization income. An excess spread of less than 0 for a contractually
specified period, generally a three-month average, would trigger an early
amortization event. Once the excess spread falls below 0 , the receivables that
would have been subsequently purchased by the trust from WFB will instead
continue to be recognized on the consolidated balance sheet since the cash
flows generated in the trust would be used to repay principal to investors. Such
an event could result in WFB incurring losses related to its retained interests,
including amounts due from trust, investments in asset backed securities,
interest-only strip receivables, cash reserve account, and
accrued interest receivable. The investors have no recourse to WFB s other assets for failure of debtors to pay other than for breaches of certain
customary representations, warranties and covenants. These
representations, warranties, covenants, and the related indemnities, do not
protect the trust or the outside investors against credit-related losses on the
loans. 
 Another feature, which is applicable
to the notes issued from Cabela s Master Credit Card Trust CMCCT ), is one in
which excess cash flows generated by the transferred loan receivables are held
at the trust for the benefit of the investors, rather than paid to WFB. This
reserve account funding is triggered when CMCCT s three month average excess
spread rate decreases to below between 4.50 and 5.50 with increasing funding
requirements as excess spread levels decline below preset levels to 0 . Similar
to economic early amortization, this feature also is designed to protect the
investors interests from loss. 
 Credit card loans performed within
establish guidelines and no other events occurred during 2008, 2007, and 2006.
 
 In 2003, in connection with the
Series 2003-1 securitization, the securitization trust entered into a 300,000
notional swap agreement in order to manage interest rate exposure. The Series
2003-1 swap effectively converted the interest rate on the investor notes from a
floating rate based on a spread over a benchmark to a fixed rate of 3.699 . The
Series 2003-1 securitization matured in 2008. In 2008, the securitization trust
entered into a 229,900 notional swap agreement in connection with the Series
2008-I securitization in order to manage interest rate exposure. The exposure is
related to changes in cash flows from funding credit card loans, which include a
high percentage of accounts that do not incur monthly finance charges based on
floating rate obligations. The Series 2008-I swap effectively converts the
interest rate on the investor notes from a floating rate based on a spread over
a benchmark to a fixed rate of 4.32 . Since the trust is not consolidated with
WFB, the fair value of the swap is not reflected on the WFB s financial
statements. Cabela s entered into a swap with similar terms with the
counterparty whereby the notional amount is zero unless the notional amount of
WFB s swap falls below a required amount, which effectively makes Cabela s a
guarantor of the swap. The bank pays Cabela s a fee for the credit enhancement
provided by this swap. 
 78 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands
Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 The table below presents
quantitative information about delinquencies, net charge-offs and components of
managed credit card loans, including securitized loans: 

2008 
 
 2007 

Credit card
 loans held for sale (including transferor s interest of 143,411 and
 166,700) 

157,301 

178,258 

Credit card
 loans receivable, net of allowances of 1,507 and 1,197 

9,925 

13,635 

Total 

167,226 

191,893 

Composition of credit card loans at year end: 

Loans
 serviced 

2,347,223 

2,058,235 

Loans
 securitized and sold to outside investors 

(2,142,688) 

(1,850,000) 
 
 Securitized
 loans with securities owned by WFB which are classified
as 

asset-backed securities in retained interests on
 securitized loans 

(31,584) 

(12,650) 

172,951 

195,585 

Less
 adjustments to market value and allowance for loan losses 

(5,725) 

(3,692) 

Total (including transferor s interest of 143,411 and
 166,700) 

167,226 

191,893 

Transferor s interest restricted for repayment of secured borrowing
 at year end 

133,333 

Delinquent loans including finance charges and fees at year
 end: 

Managed
 credit card loans: 

30-89 days 

28,712 

14,319 

90 days or more and still accruing 

11,145 

5,835 

Securitized
 credit card loans including transferor s interest: 

30-89 days 

28,148 

13,850 

90 days or more and still accruing 

10,761 

5,628 

Total net charge-offs including finance charges and fees for the
 year ended: 

Managed
 credit card loans 

61,448 

33,898 

Securitized
 credit card loans including transferor s interest 

60,033 

32,557 

Annual average credit card loans including finance charges and
 fees: 

Managed
 credit card loans 

2,085,481 

1,690,543 

Securitized credit card loans
 including transferor s interest 

2,051,295 

1,656,078 

Total net charge-offs as a percentage of annual average
 loans: 

Managed
 credit card loans 

2.95 

2.01 

Securitized
 credit card loans including transferor s interest 

2.93 

1.97 
 
 79 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands
Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Cash Flows from Securitizations: 
 The following table summarizes the
cash flows received from the securitization trust during the years
ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Proceeds from new securitizations, net 
 
 292,687 

336,000 

267,000 
 
 Collections used
 by the trust to purchase new balances in 

revolving credit card
 securitizations 
 
 8,929,868 

8,040,206 

6,727,177 
 
 Servicing fees received 
 
 36,315 

30,077 

24,352 
 
 Other cash flows
 received by the transferor other than servicing fees 
 
 187,590 

188,633 

157,259 Key
Assumptions: 
 The
following are the key economic assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
the retained interests resulting from the securitization of credit card loans
for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 

Weighted average payment rates 
 26.93 to 29.78 

29.88 to 33.16 

Weighted average
 life in years 
 0.708 to
 0.750 

0.542 to
 0.708 

Weighted average expected credit losses 
 3.28 to 6.06 

2.57 to 3.06 

Servicing fee 
 2.00 

1.25 to 2.00 

Discount
 rate 
 10.00 to
 16.60 

10.12 to
 16.60 

Weighted average interest rate paid to investors 
 4.11 to 5.35 

5.47 to 5.64 

Sensitivity
Analysis: 
 The key
economic assumptions used and the sensitivity of the current fair value of
retained interests of 61,605 at December 27, 2008, to immediate 10 and 20 
adverse changes in those assumptions are as follows: 

Impact on Fair Value of 

an Adverse Change of 

Assumption 
 
 10 
 
 20 

Weighted average payment rates 
 26.93 

(1,117) 

(2,114) 

Weighted average
 expected credit losses 
 6.06 

(3,183) 

(6,518) 

Discount rate 
 14.25 to 15.25 

(268) 

(538) 

Weighted average
 interest paid to investors 
 4.11 

(203) 

(406) 
 
 The
sensitivity analysis is hypothetical and is as of a specific point in time. As a
result, these scenarios should be used with caution. As the table indicates,
changes in fair value based on 10 variation in assumptions generally cannot be
extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change
in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect of a variation
in a particular assumption on the fair values of the retained interests are
calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one
factor may result in changes in another, which might magnify or counteract the
sensitivities. In addition, the sensitivity analysis does not consider any
corrective action that WFB may take to mitigate the impact of any adverse
changes in the key assumptions. 
 80 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands
Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Credit
card loans are originated with variable rates of interest that adjust with
changing market interest rates. Thus, the carrying value of the credit card
loans, less the allowance for loan losses, approximates fair value. WFB
estimates related fair value of the transferor s interest, less valuation
allowance based on the present value of future expected cash flows, using
assumptions for credit losses, payment rates, and discount rates commensurate
with the risks involved. This valuation does not include the value that
relates to estimated cash flows generated from new loans over the life of the
cardholder relationship. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value of the credit
card loans does not represent the underlying value of the established cardholder
relationship. At the end of 2008 and 2007, the carrying amounts of credit
card loans were 167,226 and 191,893, respectively, with estimated fair values
of 168,429 and 191,893, respectively. 
 On February 19, 2009, Moody's
Investors Service announced that it had downgraded the ratings on 21 classes of
asset-backed notes issued by the trust of our Financial Services business. 
Downgrades could negatively impact the ability of our Financial Services
business to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable terms or at
all and force our Financial Services business to rely on other potentially more
expensive funding sources, to the extent available, which would decrease our
profitability. 
 5. PROPERTY AND
EQUIPMENT 
 Property and equipment included the
following at the years ended: 

Depreciable
 Life 

in Years 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

Land and improvements 
 Up to 20 

158,742 

172,582 

Buildings and
 improvements 
 7 to
 40 

492,135 

470,067 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 3 to 15 

424,640 

378,050 

Assets held
 under capital lease 
 Up to
 30 

14,562 

14,562 

Property and equipment 

1,090,079 

1,035,261 

Less accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

(302,575) 

(246,178) 

787,504 

789,083 

Construction in
 progress 

93,576 

114,969 

881,080 

904,052 
 
 6. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT BONDS
 
 Economic
development bonds consisted of the following at the years ended: 

2008 

Gross 
 
 Gross 

Unrealized 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 

Cost 
 
 Gains 
 
 Losses 
 
 Value 

Classified as: 

Available-for-sale 
 
 122,501 

35 

(9,951) 

112,585 

2007 

Gross 
 
 Gross 

Unrealized 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 

Cost 
 
 Gains 
 
 Losses 
 
 Value 

Classified as: 

Available-for-sale 
 
 91,427 

9 

(1,299) 

90,137 

Held to
 maturity 
 
 7,898 

7,898 

99,325 

9 

(1,299) 

98,035 
 81 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands
Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 The
carrying value and fair value of economic development bonds by contractual
maturity at the end of 2008 was as follows: 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

2009 
 
 2,680 

2,520 

2010 
 
 1,757 

1,702 

2011 
 
 1,897 

1,837 

2012 
 
 2,428 

2,325 

2013 
 
 3,079 

2,924 

Thereafter 
 
 110,660 

101,277 

122,501 

112,585 
 At the
end of 2008 the Company transferred the remaining economic development bond
classified as held to maturity because of management s intent to sell the bond.
At the end of 2008 and 2007, the fair value of certain economic development
bonds, including those reclassified from held to maturity to held for sale, were
determined to be below carrying value, with the decline in fair value deemed to
be other than temporary. These fair value adjustments totaling 1,280 and
 6,733, respectively, reduced the carrying value of the economic development
bond portfolio at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 Interest
earned on the economic development bonds totaled 6,305, 5,680, and 9,574 for
2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. There were no realized gains or losses in
2008, 2007, or 2006. 
 7. PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER ASSETS
 
 Prepaid
expenses and other assets (current and long-term) consisted of the following at
the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets: 

Deferred catalog
 costs 
 
 31,015 

32,569 

Interest and notes receivable 
 
 10,314 

5,520 

Financial
 Services - Visa interchange funding 
 
 32,217 

31,067 

Financial Services accrued interest and other receivables 
 
 43,812 

34,575 

Other 
 
 16,081 

12,566 

133,439 

116,297 

Other assets : 

Goodwill 
 
 2,874 

4,474 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 3,028 

3,649 

Financial
 Services deferred financing and new account costs 
 
 9,616 

6,942 

Long-term notes and other receivables 
 
 9,246 

12,382 

Held to maturity
 investments 
 
 1,780 

1,630 

Other 
 
 720 

699 

27,264 

29,776 
 82 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands
Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 8. ACCRUED EXPENSES 
 Accrued expenses consisted of the
following at the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 

Accrued employee compensation and benefits 
 
 45,662 

61,519 

Accrued
 property, sales, and other taxes 
 
 24,622 

17,926 

Deferred revenue and accrued sales returns 
 
 24,632 

27,710 

Accrued
 interest 
 
 7,548 

6,305 

Accrued credit card fees 
 
 5,507 

6,306 

Other 
 
 15,325 

19,744 

123,296 

139,510 
 9. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
 
 Other long-term liabilities
consisted of the following at the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 

Deferred lease tenant allowances 

37,823 

17,018 

Deferred grant
 income 

10,041 

9,685 

Deferred compensation 

5,192 

5,379 

FIN 48
 unrecognized tax benefits 

3,076 

2,000 

56,132 

34,082 
 10. TIME DEPOSITS 
 WFB
accepts time deposits only in amounts of at least one hundred thousand dollars.
All time deposits are interest bearing. The aggregate amount of time deposits by
maturity at the end of 2008 was as follows: 

2009 
 
 178,817 

2010 
 
 82,357 

2011 
 
 115,230 

2012 
 
 34,912 

2013 
 
 74,683 

Thereafter 
 
 200 

486,199 

Less current
 maturities 
 
 (178,817) 

Deposits classified as non-current liabilities 
 
 307,382 

Time deposits
include brokered institutional certificates of deposit totaling 447,782 and
 137,191 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. For purposes of estimating fair value, time deposits are pooled in
homogeneous groups and the future cash flows of those groups are discounted
using current market rates offered for similar products. At the end of 2008 and
2007, the carrying amounts of the bank s time deposits were 486,199 and
 160,591, respectively, with estimated fair values of 508,190 and 162,939,
respectively. 
 83 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 11. REVOLVING CREDIT
FACILITIES 
 We have a
credit agreement providing for a 430,000 unsecured revolving credit facility
that was increased from 325,000 effective April 2, 2008. Other than the
increase in borrowing capacity, the terms of the credit agreement remained
unchanged. The credit facility may be increased to 450,000 and permits the
issuance of up to 200,000 in letters of credit and standby letters of credit,
which reduce the overall credit limit available under the credit
facility. 
 At
December 27, 2008, and December 29, 2007, the principal amount outstanding under
this credit agreement totaled 20,000 and 50,576, respectively. During 2008 and
2007, the average principal balance outstanding on the line of credit was
 178,617 and 66,840, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate was
3.82 and 5.67 , respectively. Letters of credit and standby letters of credit
totaling 16,117 and 59,596, respectively, were outstanding at the end of 2008
and 2007. The average outstanding amount of total letters of credit during 2008
and 2007 was 32,799 and 64,309, respectively. 
 During
the term of the facility, we are required to pay a quarterly facility fee, which
ranges from 0.10 to 0.25 of the average daily unused principal balance on the
line of credit. Interest on advances on this credit facility is determined at
the greater of 1) the lead lender s prime rate, 2) the average rate on the
federal funds rate in effect for the day plus one-half of one percent, or 3) the
Eurodollar rate of interest plus a margin, as defined. 
 The
credit agreement requires that Cabela s comply with certain financial and other
customary covenants, including 1) a fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined) of
no less than 1.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of any quarter; 2) a cash flow
leverage ratio (as defined) of no more than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of
any quarter; and 3) a minimum tangible net worth standard (as
defined). 
 The
credit agreement includes a dividend provision limiting the amount that Cabela s
could pay to stockholders, which at December 27, 2008, was not in excess of
 106,238. The agreement also has a provision permitting acceleration by the
lenders in the event there is a change in control, as defined. In addition, the
credit agreement contains cross default provisions to other outstanding debt. In
the event that we fail to comply with these covenants, a default is triggered.
In the event of default, all outstanding letters of credit and all principal and
outstanding interest would immediately become due and payable. We were in
compliance with all financial debt covenants at December 27, 2008. 
 We also
have an unsecured revolving credit agreement for 15,000 Canadian dollars CAD in conjunction with the acquisition of the net assets of an outdoors
specialty retailer located in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Interest is variable, computed
at rates as defined in the agreement, plus a margin, and payable monthly. At the
end of 2008 and 2007, the principal amount outstanding under this credit
agreement totaled 6,465 and 7,447, respectively, with interest rates of 3.50 
and 5.60 , respectively. 
 Advances
made pursuant to the 430,000 credit agreement and for our Canada operations are
classified as long-term debt. These agreements do not contain limitations
regarding the pay downs of revolving loans advanced; therefore, advances made
pursuant to these agreements are considered long-term in nature. 
 84 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 We also
have financing agreements that allow certain boat and all-terrain vehicle
merchandise vendors to give us extended payment terms. The vendors are
responsible for all interest payments, with certain exceptions, for the
financing period and the financing company holds a security interest in the
specific inventory held Cabela s. We record this merchandise in inventory. Our
revolving credit facility limits this security interest to 50,000. The extended
payment terms to the vendor do not exceed one year. The outstanding liability,
included in accounts payable, was 5,162 and 7,988 at the end of 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 
 12. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS OF
FINANCIAL SERVICES SUBSIDIARY 
 WFB has a
variable funding facility credit agreement that is secured by a participation
interest in the transferor s interest of the Cabela s Master Credit Card Trust.
The facility was entered into on June 21, 2007, and had a commitment of 50,000,
which was increased to 100,000 on November 29, 2007. On May 29, 2008, this
credit agreement was modified to a total commitment of 25,000 and was extended
until May 28, 2009. At December 27, 2008, there were no amounts outstanding
under the credit agreement and 100,000 was outstanding at December 29, 2007.
The weighted average interest rate on the facility was 3.88 and 5.31 ,
respectively, for 2008 and 2007. 
 WFB has
unsecured federal funds purchase agreements with two financial institutions. The
maximum amount that can be borrowed is 85,000. There were no amounts
outstanding at December 27, 2008, or December 29, 2007. During 2008 and 2007,
the average balance outstanding was 25,790 and 10,386 with a weighted average
rate of 2.90 and 5.12 , respectively. 
 13. LONG-TERM DEBT AND CAPITAL
LEASES 
 Long-term
debt, including revolving credit facilities and capital leases, consisted of the
following at the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Unsecured revolving credit facility for 430,000 expiring June 30,
 2012 

with interest at 3.25 at
 December 27, 2008 
 
 20,000 

50,576 

Unsecured notes
 payable due 2016 with interest at 5.99 
 
 215,000 

215,000 

Unsecured senior notes payable due 2017 with interest at
 6.08 
 
 60,000 

60,000 

Unsecured senior
 notes due 2012-2018 with interest at 7.20 
 
 57,000 

Unsecured revolving credit facility for 15,000 CAD expiring June
 30, 2010, 

with interest at 3.50 at
 December 27, 2008 
 
 6,465 

7,447 

Unsecured senior
 notes due 2009 with interest at 4.95 

50,000 

Capital lease obligations payable through 2036 
 
 13,665 

13,939 

Other long-term
 debt 
 
 7,901 

6,423 

Total
 debt 
 
 380,031 

403,385 

Less current
 portion of debt 
 
 (695) 

(26,785) 

Long-term debt, less current
 maturities 
 
 379,336 

376,600 

85 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands
Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 On
January 16, 2008, we issued 57,000 of 7.20 unsecured senior notes to
institutional buyers. Scheduled principal repayments of 8,143 are payable
beginning January 16, 2012, and annually thereafter until their maturity at
January 16, 2018. Interest is payable semi-annually. We used the proceeds to pay
down existing debt and for general corporate purposes. 
 On June
15, 2007, we issued 60,000 of 6.08 unsecured senior notes pursuant to a
supplement to our February 2006 debt issuance of 215,000. The notes mature on
June 15, 2017, with interest on the notes payable semi-annually. These notes
contain the same default provisions and covenants as those pertaining to the
February 2006 debt issuance, including limitations on indebtedness and financial
covenants relating to net worth and fixed charges. 
 Certain
of the long-term debt agreements contain various covenants and restrictions such
as the maintenance of minimum debt coverage, net worth, and financial ratios.
The significant financial ratios and net worth requirements in the long-term
debt agreements are 1) a limitation of funded debt to be less than 60 of
consolidated total capitalization; 2) cash flow fixed charge coverage ratio, as
defined, of no less than 2.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of any quarter; and 3)
a minimum consolidated adjusted net worth (as defined). See Note 11 for
information on the covenants and restrictions contained in our 430 million
revolving credit facility. 
 In
addition, the debt contains cross default provisions to other outstanding credit
facilities. In the event that we failed to comply with these covenants and the
failure to comply would go beyond 30 days, a default would trigger and all
principal and outstanding interest would immediately be due and payable. At
December 27, 2008, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our
credit agreements and unsecured notes. 
 At the
end of 2008 and 2007, the total carrying amount of long-term debt was 380,031
and 403,385, respectively, with an estimated fair value of 373,304 and
 387,743, respectively. 
 We have a
lease agreement for our distribution facility in Wheeling, West Virginia. The
lease term is through June 2036. The monthly installments are 83 and the lease
contains a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease term. We are
accounting for this lease as a capital lease and have recorded the additional
leased asset at the present value of the future minimum lease payments using a
5.9 implicit rate. The additional leased asset was recorded at 5,649 and is
being amortized on a straight-line basis over 30 years. 
 Aggregate
expected maturities of long-term debt and scheduled capital lease payments for
the years shown are as follows: 

Scheduled Capital 
 
 Long-Term Debt 

Lease Payments 
 
 Maturities 
 
 2009 

1,075 

588 
 
 2010 

1,000 

7,087 
 
 2011 

1,000 

663 
 
 2012 

1,000 

28,842 
 
 2013 

1,000 

8,889 
 
 Thereafter 

22,500 

320,297 

27,575 

366,366 
 
 Capital lease amount
 representing interest 

(13,910) 

Present
 value of net scheduled lease payments 

13,665 

13,665 
 
 Total long-term debt and
 capital leases 

380,031 

 86 

CABELA S
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share
Amounts) 
 14. INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME,
NET 
 Interest expense, net of interest
income, consisted of the following for years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Interest expense 

(32,180) 

(24,312) 

(18,302) 
 
 Capitalized
 interest 

2,472 

4,069 

355 

Interest income 

50 

1,465 

1,821 

(29,658) 

(18,778) 

(16,126) 

15. INCOME TAXES 
 The provision for income taxes
consisted of the following for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Current: 

Federal 

32,503 

47,431 

24,601 
 
 State 

2,400 

4,993 

2,840 

34,903 

52,424 

27,441 

Deferred: 

Federal 

7,233 

(599) 

22,225 
 
 State 

(305) 

(477) 

1,805 

6,928 

(1,076) 

24,030 

41,831 

51,348 

51,471 
 
 87 

CABELA S
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share
Amounts) 
 A
reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective income
tax rate is as follows for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Statutory federal rate 
 
 35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

State income taxes, net
 of federal tax benefit 
 
 1.7 

1.8 

1.8 

Other
 nondeductible items 
 
 0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

Change in valuation
 allowance 
 
 (0.8) 

Other,
 net 
 
 (0.6) 

0.6 

35.4 

36.9 

37.5 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
consisted of the following for the years ended: 

2008 

2007 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Deferred
 compensation 

5,820 

5,547 

Deferred
 revenue 

4,589 

3,744 

Reserve for
 returns 

5,607 

7,550 

Accrued
 expenses 

5,506 

5,121 

Gift certificates
 liability 

5,514 

3,401 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

3,337 

2,505 

Economic development
 bonds 

3,684 

484 

Other 

3,560 

3,139 

37,617 

31,491 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses 

17,321 

17,773 

Property and
 equipment 

52,094 

34,519 

Inventories 

10,181 

14,902 

Retained interests in
 securitized loans 

8,414 

10,050 

Other 

21 

45 

88,031 

77,289 

Valuation allowance 

(916) 
 
 Net
 deferred tax liability 

(50,414) 

(46,714) 
 
 Less current deferred income taxes 

11,707 

15,601 

Long-term
 deferred income taxes 

(38,707) 

(31,113) 
 
 88 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Effective
April 1, 2008, we completed a legal entity restructuring by merging certain
subsidiaries resulting in the major selling channels (catalog, Internet, and
retail) residing in a single legal entity. Prior to the restructuring, state net
operating losses were being carried forward. Under the previous operating
structure, the losses were likely to have expired unused, therefore a full
valuation allowance was established. The surviving entity in the restructuring
is anticipated to generate sufficient taxable income to fully recognize the tax
benefit of these net operating losses. Accordingly, in the second quarter of
2008, we reversed the state net operating losses valuation allowance of
 916. 
 We
adopted the provisions of FIN 48 in 2007 as discussed in Note 2. The
reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, the balance of which is classified
as other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet, is as follows
for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year 

2,000 

8,569 

Decreases on items
 related to prior periods 

(134) 

(6,866) 
 
 Increases from current period items 

1,210 

297 

Unrecognized tax
 benefits, end of year 

3,076 

2,000 

Our
policy is to accrue interest expense, and penalties as appropriate, on estimated
unrecognized tax benefits as a charge to interest expense in the consolidated
statements of income. We recorded a net credit of 134 against interest expense
during 2008 due to the gross decrease of certain unrecognized tax benefits. No
penalties were accrued. The liability for estimated interest on unrecognized tax
benefits totaling 847 at the end of 2008 is included in other long-term
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. We do not anticipate a
substantial change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits in the next
twelve months. 
 The total
amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the
effective tax rate is 2,230. We file income tax returns in the United States,
Canada, and various states. The tax years 2004 through 2007 remain open to
examination by major taxing jurisdictions to which Cabela s is
subject. 
 At the
beginning of fiscal 2007, the current portion of deferred income taxes payable
in our consolidated balance sheet related to the book-tax difference resulting
from the LIFO method used for income tax purposes totaled 18,697. We elected in
our 2007 federal income tax return to change our method of accounting for
inventory from LIFO to FIFO for income tax purposes and, accordingly, we will
incur a cash outlay totaling 18,697 over the four years subsequent to the
change. 
 16. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES 
 We lease
various buildings, computer equipment, and storage space under operating leases,
which expire on various dates through April 2033. Rent expense on these leases
as well as other month to month rentals was 8,494, 9,792 and 6,733 for 2008,
2007 and 2006, respectively. The following is a schedule of future minimum
rental payments under operating leases as of December 27, 2008: 

2009 

5,616 
 
 2010 

5,090 
 
 2011 

4,604 
 
 2012 

4,167 
 
 2013 

4,167 
 
 Thereafter 

83,902 

107,546 

89 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share
Amounts) 
 We have
entered into certain lease agreements for retail store locations. Certain leases
include tenant allowances that will be amortized over the life of the lease. In
2008 and 2007, we received 21,977 and 17,018, respectively, in tenant
allowances. Certain leases require us to pay contingent rental amounts based on
a percentage of sales, in addition to real estates taxes, insurance,
maintenance, and other operating expenses associated with the leased premises.
These leases include options to renew with lease periods, including extensions,
varying from 10 to 70 years. 
 We have
entered into real estate purchase, construction, and/or economic development
agreements for various new retail store site locations. At December 27, 2008, we
had total estimated cash commitments of approximately 92,500 for 2009 and 2010
for projected retail store-related expenditures and the purchase of future
economic development bonds connected with the development, construction, and
completion of new retail stores. This does not include any amounts for
contractual obligations associated with retail store locations where we are in
the process of certain negotiations. 
 Under
various grant programs, state or local governments provide funding for certain
costs associated with developing and opening a new retail store. We generally
receive grant funding in exchange for commitments, such as assurance of agreed
employment and wage levels at the retail store or that the retail store will
remain open, made by us to the state or local government providing the funding.
The commitments typically phase out over approximately five to 10 years. If we
fail to maintain the commitments during the applicable period, the funds
received may have to be repaid or other adverse consequences may arise, which
could affect our cash flows and profitability. As of December 27, 2008, the
total amount of grant funding subject to a specific contractual remedy was
 11,322. 
 In April
2007, we began an open account document instructions program, which provides for
our company-issued letters of credit. At the end of 2008 and 2007, we had
obligations to pay participating vendors 35,622 and 6,399,
respectively. 
 WFB
enters into financial instruments with off balance sheet risk in the normal
course of business through the origination of unsecured credit card loans.
Unsecured credit card accounts are commitments to extend credit and totaled
 12,886,000 and 11,635,000 at December 27, 2008, and December 29, 2007,
respectively. These commitments are in addition to any current outstanding
balances of a cardholder. Unsecured credit card loans involve, to varying
degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
consolidated balance sheets. The principal amounts of these instruments reflect
WFB s maximum related exposure. WFB has not experienced and does not anticipate
that all customers will exercise the entire available line of credit at any
given point in time. WFB has the right to reduce or cancel the available lines
of credit at any time. 
 Litigation and Claims We are party to various
proceedings, lawsuits, disputes, and claims arising in the ordinary course of
our business. These actions include commercial, intellectual property,
employment, and product liability claims. Some of these actions involve complex
factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. We cannot predict
with assurance the outcome of the actions brought against us. Accordingly,
adverse developments, settlements, or resolutions may occur and negatively
impact earnings in the quarter of such development, settlement, or resolution.
However, we do not believe that the outcome of any current action would have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial
position taken as a whole. 
 Self-Insurance We are
self-insured for health claims up to 300 per individual. We have established a
liability for health claims submitted and for those claims incurred prior to
year end but not yet reported totaling 3,445 and 3,929 at the end of 2008 and
2007, respectively. 
 90 

CABELA S
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share
Amounts) 
 We are
also self-insured for workers compensation claims up to 500 per individual. We
have established a liability for workers compensation claims submitted and for
those claims incurred prior to year end but not yet reported totaling 4,198 and
 4,326 at the end of 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 Our
liabilities for health and workers compensation claims incurred but not
reported are based upon internally developed calculations. These estimates are
regularly evaluated for adequacy based on the most current information
available, including historical claim payments, expected trends, and industry
factors. 
 17. REGULATORY CAPITAL
REQUIREMENTS 
 WFB is
subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the FDIC and
the Nebraska State Department of Banking and Finance. Under capital adequacy
guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, WFB must
meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of WFB s
assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under
regulatory accounting practices. WFB s capital amounts and classification are
also subject to qualitative judgment by the regulators with respect to
components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 The
quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy
require that WFB maintain minimum amounts and ratios (defined in the
regulations) as set forth in the following table. WFB exceeded the minimum
requirements for the well-capitalized category under the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action provisions for both periods presented. 
 As of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, the most recent notification from the FDIC
categorized WFB as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for
prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized WFB must
maintain certain amounts and ratios as set forth in the following table. There
are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes
have changed the institution s category. 

2008 

Ratio Required to be Considered 

Actual 
 
 Adequately-Capitalized 
 
 Well-Capitalized 

Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Total
 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

166,611 
 
 28.1 

47,460 
 
 8.0 

59,325 
 
 10.0 

Tier I Capital to
 Risk-Weighted Assets 

140,886 
 
 23.8 

23,730 
 
 4.0 

35,595 
 
 6.0 

Tier I
 Capital to Average Assets 

140,886 
 
 23.6 

23,842 
 
 4.0 

29,803 
 
 5.0 

2007 

Ratio Required to be Considered 

Actual 
 
 Adequately-Capitalized 
 
 Well-Capitalized 

Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Total
 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

118,030 
 
 16.8 

56,102 
 
 8.00 

70,127 
 
 10.0 

Tier I Capital to
 Risk-Weighted Assets 

114,336 
 
 16.3 

28,051 
 
 4.0 

42,076 
 
 6.0 

Tier I
 Capital to Average Assets 

114,336 
 
 27.6 

16,568 
 
 4.0 

20,710 
 
 5.0 
 
 91 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 In
December 2008, WFB received 25,000 from Cabela's in exchange for 250,000 shares
of WFB convertible participating preferred stock. If management elected to
covert the participating preferred stock to WFB common stock, the 25,000 would
qualify as Tier 1 capital. 
 18. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION AND
STOCK OPTION PLANS 
 Under the
provisions of FAS 123R, we recorded share-based compensation expense of 6,535 4,222 after-tax, or .06 per diluted share), 4,944 3,115 after-tax, or
 0.05 per diluted share), and 3,615 2,259 after-tax, or .03 per diluted
share) for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Compensation expense related to
our share-based payment awards is recorded in selling, distribution, and
administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 During
2006, share-based compensation expense was recorded for awards granted since
2004 but not yet vested as of January 1, 2006. For these awards, we recognized
compensation expense using the accelerated or graded method of amortization.
Compensation cost for awards granted after the adoption date is recognized using
a straight-line amortization method over the vesting period. As of December 27,
2008, the total unrecognized deferred share-based compensation balance for
unvested shares issued, net of expected forfeitures, was approximately 7,345,
net of tax, which is expected to be amortized over a weighted average period of
2.2 years. 
 The fair
value of options granted on and subsequent to May 1, 2004, is estimated on the
date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected
volatility for 2008 and 2007 was based on the historical volatility of our
common stock. For 2006, the expected volatility was derived using a historical
volatility model as well as comparisons to peers in our market
sector. 
 The fair
value of options in the years presented was estimated using the Black-Scholes
model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury yield 

curve in effect at the grant
 date 

1.34 to 3.22 

3.31 to 4.63 

5.01 

Dividend
yield 

Expected volatility 

35 to 43 

30 to 33 

50 

Weighted average
 expected life based on historical information 

5.0
 years 

5.0
 years 

6.0
 years 

Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted 

5.49 

7.82 

10.45 
 
 92 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 The following table summarizes our
option activity during 2008: 

All
 Options 
 
 Non-Vested
 Options 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Options 

Average 

Average 

Available 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Number 
 
 Grant Date 

for
 Grant 
 
 of
 Options 
 
 Price 
 
 of
 Options 
 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Outstanding, beginning of year 
 
 2,529,196 

5,312,444 

16.28 
 
 2,915,315 

7.36 
 
 Granted 
 
 (1,085,077) 
 
 1,085,077 

15.19 
 
 1,085,077 

5.49 
 
 Restricted stock
 issued 
 
 (111,324) 

Vested 

(1,156,454) 

11.12 
 
 Exercised 

(769,608) 

9.36 

Forfeited
 (1)(2) 
 
 208,873 

(344,663) 

16.11 
 
 (184,611) 

4.63 
 
 Outstanding, end of year (3) 
 
 1,541,668 

5,283,250 

17.08 
 
 2,659,327 

5.15 ____________________ 

(1) 

Options forfeited under the 1997
 Plan do not become available for grant under the 2004
 Plan. 

(2) 

Options forfeited under the 2004
 Plan are immediately available for grant. 

(3) 

Options outstanding at the end of
 2008 were comprised of 785,535 of incentive stock options
 and 4,497,715 of nonqualified stock
options. 
 The
following table provides information relating to our equity share-based payment
awards at December 27, 2008: 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Aggregate 
 
 Remaining 

Exercise 
 
 Average 
 
 Intrinsic 
 
 Contractual 

Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Value 
 
 Life (in Years) 
 
 Vested
 and exercisable 
 
 2,623,923 

17.12 

6.88 

83 
 
 5.16 
 
 Non-vested 
 
 2,659,327 

17.03 

5.15 

29 
 
 6.42 
 
 Total
 outstanding 
 
 5,283,250 

17.08 

6.01 

112 
 
 5.79 

Expected to vest after December 27, 2008 
 
 2,596,703 

17.03 

5.15 

29 
 
 6.42 
 The
aggregate intrinsic value of awards exercised was 2,602, 8,188, and 3,473
during 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. The total fair value of shares vested
was 12,864, 5,025, and 3,843, in 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Based on
our closing stock price of 6.50 as of December 27, 2008, the total number of
in-the-money awards exercisable as of December 27, 2008, was 112,280. 
 93 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 
 The stock
options outstanding and exercisable for equity share-based payment awards as of
December 27, 2008, were in the following exercise price ranges: 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Options Exercisable 

Weighted 
 
 Average 

Weighted 
 
 Exercise 

Average 
 
 Remaining Contractual 

Average 
 
 Price 

Shares 

Exercise
 Price 

Life (in
 Years) 

Shares 

Exercise
 Price 
 
 0.00 to 10.00 
 
 534,037 

8.15 
 
 2.34 
 
 333,685 

8.00 
 
 10.01 to
 15.00 
 
 762,392 

12.17 
 
 4.34 
 
 552,831 

12.43 
 
 15.01 to 17.50 
 
 1,049,700 

15.25 
 
 7.32 

17.51 to
 20.00 
 
 1,950,121 

19.73 
 
 6.27 
 
 1,380,053 

19.83 
 
 20.01 to 25.00 
 
 983,000 

22.38 
 
 6.21 
 
 353,354 

22.37 
 
 25.01 to
 30.00 
 
 4,000 

27.26 
 
 5.59 
 
 4,000 

27.26 

5,283,250 

17.08 
 
 5.79 
 
 2,623,923 

17.12 
 
 19. STOCK OPTION AND OTHER EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT PLANS 
 Employee Stock Option Plans The
Cabela s Incorporated 2004 Stock Plan (the 2004 Plan provides for the
granting of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other
stock-based awards to employees, directors, and consultants. Options granted
under the 2004 Plan have a term of no greater than ten years from the grant date
and are exercisable in accordance with the vesting schedule determined at the
time the awards are granted. During 2008, there were 1,073,077 options granted
to employees and 12,000 options granted to non-employee directors, all at an
exercise price of 15.25 per share except 7,677 options which were granted at
 7.16 per share. The options have an eight-year term and vest over three years
for employees and one year for non-employee directors. 
 In
addition, on July 7, 2008, 111,324 shares of restricted stock were issued to two
executives under the 2004 Plan. The stock price on the date of grant was 10.48
per share resulting in a fair value of 1,167 of deferred compensation which
will be amortized to expense over a five-year period. The restricted stock vests
one-third on the third, fourth, and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. As of
December 27, 2008, there were 4,474,211 shares subject to options and 1,541,668
shares authorized and available for grant under the 2004 Plan. Our policy has
been to issue new shares for the exercise of stock options. 
 As of
December 27, 2008, under our 1997 Stock Option Plan (the 1997 Plan ), there
were 809,039 shares subject to options with no shares available for grant.
Options issued expire on the fifth or the tenth anniversary of the date of the
grant under the 1997 Plan. 
 94 

CABELA S
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share
Amounts) 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The
maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under our
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP is 1,835,000. During 2008, there
were 246,620 shares issued under the ESPP. As of December 27, 2008, there
were 1,198,656 shares authorized and available for issuance. We issued new
shares, rather than market purchases, beginning in October 2008 and plan to
continue to issue new shares in the future. 
 401(k) Savings Plan All
employees are eligible to defer up to 80 of their wages to Cabela s 401(k)
savings plan, subject to certain limitations. Through 2008, the Company matched
100 of eligible employee deferrals up to 6 of eligible wages. Total expense
for employer contributions was 7,894, 7,007, and 6,502 in 2008, 2007, and
2006, respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan We
have a self-funded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan for certain key
employees that was amended on December 31, 2004, to restrict any further
contributions. Participants balances earn interest with the rate adjusting on a
semi-annual basis. Upon certain conditions participants can receive their
balance in either a lump sum or in equal annual payments over various time
periods. Participants balances under this plan will be paid in full no later
than January 2010. The charge to interest expense under this plan was 368,
 525, and 503 for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. 
 20. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND
DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
 Preferred Stock We are
authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock having a par value of
 0.01 per share. None of the shares of the authorized preferred stock have been
issued. The board of directors is authorized to issue these shares of preferred
stock without stockholder approval in different classes and series and, with
respect to each class or series, to determine the dividend rate, the redemption
provisions, conversion provisions, liquidation preference, and other rights,
privileges, and restrictions. The issuance of any preferred stock could have the
effect of diluting the voting power of the holders of common stock, restricting
dividends on the common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the common
stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control without further action by
the stockholders. 
 Class A Voting Common Stock The
holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends,
if any, the board of directors may declare from time to time from funds legally
available therefore, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any
shares of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. The holders of our
Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter to be
voted upon by stockholders. 
 Upon any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of company
affairs, the holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to share ratably
with the holders of Class B non-voting common stock in all assets remaining
after payment to creditors and subject to prior distribution rights of any
shares of preferred stock that the Company may issue in the future. All of the
outstanding shares of Class A common stock are fully paid and
non-assessable. 
 Class B Non-voting Common Stock 
The holders of our Class B non-voting common stock are not entitled to any
voting rights, except that the holders may vote as a class, with each holder
receiving one vote per share of Class B non-voting common stock, on any
amendment, repeal, or modification of any provision of our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation that adversely affects the powers, preferences, or
special rights of holders of Class B non-voting common stock. Shares of the
Class B non-voting common stock are convertible into the same number of shares
of Class A voting common stock at any time. However, no holder of shares of
Class B non-voting common stock is entitled to convert any of its shares into
shares of Class A common stock, to the extent that, as a result of such
conversion, the holder directly, or indirectly, would own, control, or have the
power to vote a greater number of shares of Class A common stock or other
securities of any kind issued by us than the holder is legally permitted to own,
control, or have the power to vote. Subject to the prior rights of holders of
preferred stock, if any, holders of Class B non-voting common stock, which rates
equally with the Class A common stock in respect of dividends, are entitled to
receive ratably dividends, if any, as may be lawfully declared from time to time
by our board of directors. 
 95 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 
 Upon any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of company
affairs, the holders of Class B non-voting common stock are entitled to share
ratably with the holders of Class A common stock in all assets remaining after
payment to creditors and subject to prior distribution rights of any shares of
preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Retained Earnings The most
significant restrictions on the payment of dividends are the covenants contained
in our revolving credit agreement and unsecured senior notes purchase
agreements. Nebraska banking laws also govern the amount of dividends that WFB
can pay to Cabela s. At December 27, 2008, we had unrestricted retained earnings
of 106,238 available for dividends. However, we have never declared or paid any
cash dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of
related taxes, are as follows for the years ended: 

2008 

2007 
 
 Accumulated net unrealized holding losses on economic development
 bonds 

(6,231) 

(806) 
 
 Accumulated net unrealized holding gains on
 derivatives 

33 

76 

Cumulative foreign currency translation
adjustments 

(399) 

7 

Total accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) 

(6,597) 

(723) 
 
 21. EARNINGS PER
SHARE 
 The
following table reconciles the number of shares utilized in the earnings per
share calculations for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Weighted average number of shares: 

Common shares 
basic 
 
 66,384,004 
 
 65,744,077 
 
 65,221,339 
 
 Effect of incremental dilutive
 securities: 

Stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares 
 
 774,579 
 
 1,531,454 
 
 1,422,517 
 
 Common shares 
 diluted 
 
 67,158,583 
 
 67,275,531 
 
 66,643,856 

Options
 outstanding considered anti-dilutive 
 
 4,466,534 
 
 1,048,000 
 
 6,000 

 96 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 22. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW
INFORMATION 
 The
following table sets forth non-cash financing and investing activities and other
cash flow information for the years ended: 

2008 

2007 

2006 
 
 Non-cash financing and investing
 activities: 

Accrued
 property and equipment additions (1) 

12,304 

48,534 

19,852 

Capital lease obligations 

201 

5,649 

Contribution of land received 

5,015 

19,000 

Issuance of restricted common stock 

1,167 

Other cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

42,575 

30,273 

19,017 

Capitalized
 interest 

(2,472) 

(4,069) 

(355) 
 
 Interest paid, net of
 capitalized interest 

40,103 

26,204 

18,662 

Income taxes,
 net 

55,594 

33,575 

41,012 
 
____________________ 

(1) 

Accrued property and equipment
 additions are recognized in the consolidated statements of cash flows in
 the period they are paid. 
 23. SEGMENT REPORTING 
 We have
three reportable segments: Retail, Direct, and Financial Services. The Retail
segment sells products and services through our retail stores; the Direct
segment sells products through direct mail catalogs and e-commerce websites
(Cabelas.com and complementary websites); and the Financial Services segment
issues co-branded credit cards. For the Retail segment, operating costs
primarily consist of labor, advertising, depreciation, and occupancy costs of
retail stores. For the Direct segment, operating costs primarily consist of
catalog costs, e-commerce advertising costs, and order processing costs. For the
Financial Services segment, operating costs primarily consist of advertising and
promotion, marketing fees, third party services for processing credit card
transactions, salaries, and other general and administrative costs. 
 Revenues
included in Corporate Overhead and Other are primarily made up of land sales,
amounts received from our outfitter sevices, real state rental income, and fees
earned through our travel business an other complementary business services.
Corporate Overhead and Other expenses include unallocated shared-service costs,
operations of various ancillary subsidiaries such as real estate development and
travel, and eliminations. Unallocated shared-service costs include receiving,
distribution, and storage costs of inventory, merchandising, and quality
assurance costs, as well as corporate headquarters occupancy costs. 
 97 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Segment
assets are those directly used in or clearly allocable to an operating segment s
operations. For the Retail segment, assets primarily include inventory in the
retail stores, land, buildings, fixtures, and leasehold improvements. For the
Direct segment, assets primarily include deferred catalog costs and fixed
assets. At the end of 2008, goodwill totaling 2,874 was included in the
assets of the Retail segment. At the end of 2007, goodwill totaling 4,474 was
allocated between the Direct and Retail segments, with 969 being allocated to
the Direct segment and 3,505 being allocated to the Retail Segment. 
 For the Financial Services segment, assets primarily
include cash, credit card loans , retained
interest, receivables, fixtures, and other assets. Assets for the Corporate
Overhead and Other segment include corporate headquarters and facilities,
merchandise distribution inventory, shared technology infrastructure and related
information systems, corporate cash and cash equivalents, economic
development bonds, prepaid expenses, deferred income taxes, and other corporate
long-lived assets. Depreciation, amortization, and property and equipment
expenditures of each segment are allocated to each respective segment. The
accounting policies of the segments, where applicable, are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies in our notes to
consolidated financial statements. Intercompany revenue between segments has
been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Results by
business segment are presented in the following tables for 2008, 2007 and
2006: 

Corporate 

Financial 
 
 Overhead 

Fiscal Year
 2008 
 
 Retail 
 
 Direct 
 
 Services 
 
 and
 Other 
 
 Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers 

1,283,148 

1,093,307 

159,423 

16,843 

2,552,721 

Revenue
 (loss) from internal customers 

2,348 

1,852 

(452) 

(3,748) 

Total revenue 

1,285,496 

1,095,159 

158,971 

13,095 

2,552,721 

Operating income (loss) 

141,578 

161,249 

46,184 

(207,972) 

141,039 

As a percentage of
 revenue 

11.0 

14.7 

29.1 

N/A 

5.5 

Depreciation and amortization 

37,930 

4,198 

1,075 

21,470 

64,673 

Assets 

988,474 

663,994 

728,271 

15,327 

2,396,066 

Property and equipment additions including accrued
 amounts 

21,033 

6,501 

1,592 

25,808 

54,934 
 
 98 

CABELA S
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in Thousands Except Share and Per Share
Amounts) 

Corporate 

Financial 
 
 Overhead 

Fiscal Year 2007 
 
 Retail 
 
 Direct 
 
 Services 
 
 and Other 
 
 Total 
 
 Revenue
 from external customers 

1,040,664 

1,127,942 

159,943 

21,050 

2,349,599 

Revenue (loss) from
 internal customers 

2,778 

2,611 

(608) 

(4,781) 

Total revenue 

1,043,442 

1,130,553 

159,335 

16,269 

2,349,599 

Operating income (loss) 

127,744 

190,046 

37,448 

(204,146) 

151,092 

As a percentage of
 revenue 

12.2 

16.8 

23.5 

N/A 

6.4 

Depreciation and amortization 

29,830 

4,462 

1,129 

24,442 

59,863 

Assets 

1,065,234 

480,341 

450,616 

216,639 

2,212,830 

Property and equipment additions including accrued
amounts 

324,272 

8,466 

1,037 

30,551 

364,326 

Corporate 

Financial 
 
 Overhead 

Fiscal Year 2006 
 
 Retail 
 
 Direct 
 
 Services 
 
 and Other 
 
 Total 
 
 Revenue
 from external customers 

817,836 

1,086,162 

138,164 

21,362 

2,063,524 

Revenue (loss) from
 internal customers 

2,485 

2,318 

(741) 

(4,062) 

Total revenue 

820,321 

1,088,480 

137,423 

17,300 

2,063,524 

Operating income (loss) 

124,122 

179,182 

30,061 

(189,620) 

143,745 

As a percentage of
 revenue 

15.1 

16.5 

21.9 

N/A 

7.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

19,050 

4,371 

941 

21,197 

45,559 

Assets 

602,513 

496,963 

316,417 

335,337 

1,751,230 

Property and equipment additions including accrued
amounts 

161,585 

5,680 

1,735 

21,592 

190,592 
 
 The
components and amounts of total revenue for the Financial Services business
segment were as follows for the years ended: 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Interest and fee income, net of provision for loan
 losses 

37,462 

28,974 

23,973 

Interest
 expense 

(13,417) 

(7,288) 

(5,008) 

Net interest income, net of provision for loan losses 

24,045 

21,686 

18,965 

Non-interest income: 

Securitization
 income 

185,820 

194,516 

169,173 

Other non-interest
 income 

67,375 

51,670 

39,381 

Total non-interest income 

253,195 

246,186 

208,554 

Less: Customer rewards
 costs 

(118,269) 

(108,537) 

(90,096) 
 
 Financial Services total revenue 

158,971 

159,335 

137,423 
 
 Our
products are principally marketed to individuals within the United States. Net
sales realized from other geographic markets, primarily Canada, have
collectively been less than 3 of consolidated net merchandise sales in each
reported period. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of consolidated
net sales. No single product or service accounts for a significant percentage of
our consolidated revenue. 
 99 

CABELA S INCORPORATED AND
SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 24. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
 
 As
defined by FAS 157, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, we use various
methods including discounted cash flow projections based on available market
interest rates and management estimates of future cash payments. Financial
instrument assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value are
classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 
 
 Level 1 Quoted market prices in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted market
 prices. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs corroborated by little, if any,
 market data. 
 Level 3
is comprised of financial instruments whose fair value is estimated based on
internally developed models or methodologies utilizing significant inputs that
are primarily unobservable from objective sources. In determining the
appropriate hierarchy levels, we performed an analysis of the assets and
liabilities that are subject to FAS 157 and determined that at December 27,
2008, all applicable financial instruments carried on our consolidated balance
sheets are classified as Level 3. The following table summarizes the valuation
of our recurring financial instruments at December 27, 2008. 

Fair Value at 
 
 Assets 
 December 27, 2008
 (1) 
 
 Retained interests in securitized loans 
 
 61,605 
 
 Economic
 development bonds 
 
 112,585 

174,190 

____________________ 
 
 (1) 
 
 All fair value measurements using Level 3
 category. 

 The table
below presents changes in fair value of our assets measured at fair value on a
recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), as defined in
FAS 157, for the year ended December 27, 2008. 

Retained 

Interests in 
 
 Economic 

Securitized 
 
 Development 

Loans 
 
 Bonds 
 
 Balance, December 30, 2007 
 
 51,777 

98,035 

Total gains or
 losses (realized/unrealized): 

Included in earnings 
 
 (4,356) 

(42) 
 
 Included in other comprehensive income 

(8,584) 
 
 Purchases, issuances, and settlements, net 
 
 14,184 

23,176 

Balance,
 December 27, 2008 
 
 61,605 

112,585 

100 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 Included
in retained interests in asset securitizations are interest-only strips, cash reserve accounts, and cash
accounts. For interest-only strips and cash reserve accounts WFB
estimates related fair values based on the present value of future expected cash
flows using assumptions for credit losses, payment rates, and discount
rates commensurate with the risks involved. For cash accounts, WFB estimates related fair values based
on the present value of future expected cash flows using discount rates commensurate with risks involved. WFB retains the rights to
remaining cash flows (including interchange fees) after the other costs of the
trust are paid. However, future expected cash flows for valuation of the
interest-only strips and cash reserve accounts do not include interchange income since interchange income
is earned only when a charge is made to a customer s account. 
 WFB also
owns asset-backed securities from three of its securitizations. Asset-backed
trading securities fluctuate daily based on the short-term operational needs of
WFB. Advances and pay downs on the trading securities are at par value.
Therefore, the par value of the asset-backed trading securities approximates
fair value. 
 Fair
values of economic development bonds bonds are estimated using discounted
cash flow projections based on available market interest rates and management
estimates including the estimated amounts and timing of expected future tax
payments to be received by the municipalities under development zones. These
fair values do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from
offering these bonds for sale or through early redemption, or any related income
tax impact. Declines in the fair value of held-to-maturity and
available-for-sale economic development bonds below cost that are deemed to be
other than temporary are reflected in earnings. 
 The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, gift certificates (including credit card and loyalty rewards programs),
accrued expenses, short-term borrowings, and income taxes payable included in
the consolidated balance sheets approximate fair value given the short-term
nature of these financial instruments. The estimated fair value and disclosures
for credit card loans receivable, time deposits, and long-term debt included in
the consolidated balance sheets are reported under the provisions of FAS 107
 Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial
Instruments. 
 101 

CABELA S INCORPORATED
AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in
Thousands Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 25. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Unaudited) 
 The
following table sets forth unaudited financial and operating data in each
quarter for the years ended 2008 and 2007: 

2008 
 
 2007 

First 
 
 Second 
 
 Third 
 
 Fourth 
 
 First 
 
 Second 
 
 Third 
 
 Fourth 

Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Total revenue (1) 
 
 535,539 

525,952 

611,800 

879,430 

462,091 

451,199 

546,809 

889,500 
 
 Operating income
 (2) 
 
 21,086 

14,852 

20,845 

84,256 

12,391 

20,252 

24,346 

94,103 
 
 Net income 
 
 9,956 

7,279 

9,722 

49,447 

7,142 

11,264 

13,232 

56,241 
 
 Earnings per
 share Basic (3) 
 
 0.15 

0.11 

0.15 

0.74 

0.11 

0.17 

0.20 

0.85 
 
 Earnings per share Diluted (3) 
 
 0.15 

0.11 

0.15 

0.74 

0.11 

0.17 

0.20 

0.84 ____________________ 

(1) 

In the fourth quarter of 2008, we
 recorded gift instrument breakage of 8.7 million in Retail revenue and
 operating income due to a change in the estimated breakage period from
 seven years to four years. 

(2) 

In the fourth quarter of 2008, we
 recorded 6 million of expenses relating to the impairment of goodwill,
 economic development bond impairment, and employee severance
 costs. 

(3) 

Basic and diluted earnings per
 share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented and,
 therefore may not sum to the totals for the
year. 
 Revenue
is typically higher in our third and fourth quarters than in the first and
second quarters due to holiday buying patterns and hunting and fishing season
openings across the United States. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate
significantly as a result of these events and a variety of other factors, and
operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for
a full year. 
 26. SUBSEQUENT EVENT 
 On
February 19, 2009, Moody's Investors Service announced that it had downgraded
the ratings on 21 classes of asset-backed notes issued by the trust of our
Financial Services business. Moody s Investors Service is one of three rating
agencies that rate our Financial Services business' term securitizations. We do
not believe that this downgrade will have a significant impact on the ability of
our Financial Services business to complete other securitization transactions on
acceptable terms or to access financing. 
 102 

CABELA S
 INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 (In Thousands) 

Beginning 
 
 Charged
 to 
 
 Charged 
 
 Net 
 
 End 

of
 Year 
 
 Costs and 
 
 to
 Other 
 
 Charge- 
 
 of
 Year 

Balance 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Accounts 
 
 Offs 
 
 Balance 
 
 YEAR ENDED
 DECEMBER 27, 2008: 

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts 
 
 1,851 

(1,295) 

(1,295) 

556 
 
 Allowance for credit card receivable loan losses 
 
 1,197 

1,260 

(950) 

310 

1,507 

YEAR ENDED
 DECEMBER 29, 2007: 

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts 
 
 1,932 

(81) 

(81) 

1,851 
 
 Allowance for credit card receivable loan losses 
 
 699 

1,748 

(1,250) 

498 

1,197 

YEAR ENDED
 DECEMBER 30, 2006: 

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts 
 
 1,404 

527 

1 

528 

1,932 
 
 Allowance for credit card receivable loan losses 
 
 536 

664 

(501) 

163 

699 

ITEM
 9. 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
 DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
 
 We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within specified time
periods. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In connection with this annual
report on Form 10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated, with the participation of our management, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer each concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 27, 2008. 
 103 

Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 With the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 27, 2008, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 27, 2008. 
 The
independent registered public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche LLP, as
auditors of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report
on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Their report is included in
this Item 9A. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 
 There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended December 27, 2008, that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 
 104 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Cabela s Incorporated and Subsidiaries Sidney, Nebraska
 
 We have audited the internal control
over financial reporting of Cabela s Incorporated and Subsidiaries (the
"Company") as of December 27, 2008, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting . Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 
 A company's internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors,
management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements
due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In our opinion, the Company maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 27, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. 
 We have also audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule
as of and for the year ended December 27, 2008 of the Company and our report
dated February 24, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP
 
 DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP
 
 Omaha, Nebraska February 24, 2009
 
 105 

ITEM 9B. OTHER
INFORMATION 
 None. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The
information under the headings Proposal One Election of Directors, 
 Executive Officers of the Company, Corporate Governance Committees of the
Board of Directors Audit Committee, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance, in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2009 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders (our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference. With the exception of the foregoing information and other information
specifically incorporated by reference into this Report on Form 10-K, our Proxy
Statement is not being filed as a part hereof. 
 The
policies comprising our code of ethics are set forth in our Business Code of
Conduct and Ethics. These policies satisfy the SEC s requirements for a code of
ethics, and apply to all of our directors, officers, and employees. Our
Business Code of Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.cabelas.com . We intend to
satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding
certain amendments to, or waivers from, the provisions of our Business Code of
Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website at the address
specified above. Information contained on our website, whether currently posted
or posted in the future, is not part of this document or the documents
incorporated by reference in this document. 
 On June
12, 2008, we filed with the NYSE the Annual CEO Certification regarding the
company s compliance with the NYSE s Corporate Governance listing standards as
required by Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
 The
information under the headings Executive Compensation and Director
Compensation in our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM
 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
 BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
 MATTERS 
 The
information under the headings Executive Compensation Equity Compensation
Plan Information as of Fiscal Year-End and Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein
by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The
information under the headings Transactions with Related Persons and
 Corporate Governance Board of Directors in our Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES 
 The
information under the heading Proposal Three Ratification of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement is incorporated herein
by reference. 
 106 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part
of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 27,
 2008, December 29, 2007, and December 30, 2006 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 27, 2008, and December
 29, 2007 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December
 27, 2008, December 29, 2007, and December 30, 2006 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended
 December 27, 2008, December 29, 2007, and December 30, 2006 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules:

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying
Accounts 
 All other
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations
of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable
and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 3. Exhibits: See Item 15(b) below.
 
 (b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cabela s
 Incorporated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of our Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 13, 2004, File No.
 001-32227) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of Cabela s Incorporated (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 15, 2006, File
 No. 001-32227) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cabela s Incorporated (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 3 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 August 29, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit
 4.1 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on March 23, 2004,
 Registration No. 333-113835) 

4.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 23, 2003, among
 Cabela s Incorporated and the security holders named therein (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

4.3 
 
 Form of 7.2 Senior Note, Series 2008-A, due January 16, 2018
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on January 22, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

4.4 
 
 Form of 6.08 Senior Note, Series 2007-A, due June 15, 2007
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on June 20, 2007, File No.
001-32227) 
 107 

4.5 
 
 Form of 5.99 Senior Note, Series 2006-A, due February 27, 2016
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.7 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on June 20, 2007, File No. 001-32227) 

4.6 
 
 Note Purchase Agreements dated as of February 27, 2006, among
 Cabela s Incorporated and various purchasers party thereto (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 March 3, 2006, File No. 001-32227) 

4.7 
 
 First Supplement to Note Purchase Agreements dated as of February
 27, 2006, among Cabela s Incorporated and various purchasers party thereto
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on June 20, 2007, File No. 001-32227) 

4.8 
 
 Second Supplement to Note Purchase Agreements dated as February 27,
 2006, among Cabela s Incorporated and various purchasers party thereto
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on January 22, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

4.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase Agreements dated as of February
 27, 2006, among Cabela s Incorporated and various purchasers party thereto
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on June 20, 2007, File No. 001-32227) 

10.1 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated as of January 4, 2004, between
 Cabela s Incorporated and Richard N. Cabela (incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.1 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on
 March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.2 
 
 Addendum to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of January 4,
 2004, between Cabela s Incorporated and Richard N. Cabela (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q, filed on
 May 12, 2005, File No. 001-32227) 

10.3 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated as of January 4, 2004, between
 Cabela s Incorporated and James W. Cabela (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10.2 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on March 23,
 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.4 
 
 Addendum to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of January 4,
 2004, between Cabela s Incorporated and James W. Cabela (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.2 of our Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q, filed on
 May 12, 2005, File No. 001-32227) 
 108 

10.5 
 
 1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6
 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on March 23, 2004,
 Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to 1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.7 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to 1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.8 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.8 
 
 Third Amendment to 1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.9 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.9 
 
 Fourth Amendment to 1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.9.1 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.10 
 
 Fifth Amendment to 1997 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10 of our Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q, filed on
 August 6, 2007, File No. 001-32227) 

10.11 
 
 Form of 1997 Employee Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.10 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.12 
 
 Cabela s Incorporated 2004 Stock Plan (as amended and restated
 effective May 14, 2008) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of
 our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 19, 2008, File No.
 001-32227) 

10.13 
 
 Form of 2004 Stock Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 of our Registration
 Statement on Form S-1, filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No.
 333-113835) 

10.14 
 
 Form of 2004 Stock Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement (2006)
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on May 15, 2006, File No. 001-32227) 

10.15 
 
 Form of 2004 Stock Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement (2008)
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed on June 4, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

10.16 
 
 Form of 2004 Stock Plan Non-Employee Director Stock Option
 Agreement (2006) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of our
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 15, 2006, File No.
 001-32227) 

10.17 
 
 Form of 2004 Stock Plan Non-Employee Director Stock Option
 Agreement (2008) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of our
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 4, 2008, File No.
 001-32227) 

10.18 
 
 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10.14 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on March
 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.19 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 15,
 2005, among Cabela s Incorporated, various lenders party thereto, and U.S.
 Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July
 15, 2005, File No. 001-32227) 

10.20 
 
 Joinder Agreement made by Cabela s Retail IL, Inc. to Second
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 15, 2005, among
 Cabela s Incorporated, various lenders party thereto, and U.S. Bank
 National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 20,
 2007, File No. 001-32227) 

10.21 
 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of July 15, 2005, among Cabela s Incorporated, various lenders
 party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 of our Quarterly Report of Form
 10-Q, filed on November 5, 2007, File No.
001-32227) 
 109 

10.22 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated as of
 June 15, 2007, among Cabela s Incorporated, various note holders party
 thereto, various lenders party thereto, and U.S. Bank National
 Association, as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit
 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 20, 2007, File No.
 001-32227) 

10.23 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10.18 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on March
 23, 2004, Registration No. 333-113835) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Management Change of Control Severance Agreement
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 of our Registration
 Statement on Form S-1, filed on March 23, 2004, Registration No.
 333-113835) 

10.25 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Change of Control Severance
 Agreement dated May 9, 2006, between Cabela s Incorporated and Joseph M.
 Friebe (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report
 on Form 8-K, filed on May 15, 2006, File No. 001-32227) 

10.26 
 
 Cabela s Incorporated Third Amended and Restated Deferred
 Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of our
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 1, 2005, File No.
 001-32227) 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment of the Cabela s Incorporated Third Amended and
 Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 1, 2005,
 File No. 001-32227) 

10.28 
 
 Second Amendment of the Cabela s Incorporated Third Amended and
 Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10.28 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28,
 2007, File No. 001-32227) 

10.29 
 
 Third Amendment of the Cabela s Incorporated Third Amended and
 Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4,
 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

10.30 
 
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation (incorporated by
 reference from the Section titled Director Compensation in our Proxy
 Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 

10.31 
 
 Summary of Named Executive Officer Compensation (incorporated by
 reference from the Section titled Executive Compensation in our Proxy
 Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 

10.32 
 
 Retirement Transition and Consulting Agreement dated March 18,
 2008, between Cabela s Incorporated and Michael Callahan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10 of our Current Report of Form 8-K, filed on
 March 20, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

10.33 
 
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement with Option to Purchase dated
 April 26, 2005, between Ohio County Development Authority and Cabela s
 Wholesale, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.29 of our
 Annual Report of Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2006, File No.
 001-32227) 

10.34 
 
 Cabela s Incorporated Performance Bonus Plan (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 February 19, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

10.35 
 
 Form of Proprietary Matters Agreement (executed by Dennis Highby,
 Patrick A. Snyder, Brian J. Linneman, and Charles Baldwin) (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 June 4, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

10.36 
 
 Form of Proprietary Matters Agreement World s Foremost Bank
 (executed by Ralph W. Castner and Joseph M. Friebe) (incorporated by
 reference from Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 June 4, 2008, File No. 001-32227) 

10.37 
 
 Form of Retention Award Agreement (executed by Patrick A. Snyder
 and Brian J. Linneman) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of our
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2008, File No.
 001-32227) 
 110 

10.38 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (executed by Patrick A. Snyder
 and Brian J. Linneman) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of our
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2008, File No.
 001-32227) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Cabela s Incorporated 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney 

31.1 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange
 Act 

31.2 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange
 Act 

32.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to U.S.C. Section
1350 ____________________ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
 required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this
 report. 

(c) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules. See Item 15(a)
 above. 
 111 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CABELA S INCORPORATED 

Dated:
 February 25, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ Dennis Highby 

Dennis
 Highby 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dennis Highby 
 
 President, Chief
 Executive Officer, and 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 Dennis
 Highby 
 
 Director
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ralph W. Castner 
 
 Vice President
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 Ralph W.
 Castner 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal 

Accounting
 Officer) 

Chairman of the
 Board and Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 Richard N.
 Cabela 

Vice-Chairman of
 the Board and Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 James W.
 Cabela 

Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 Theodore M.
 Armstrong 

Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 John H.
 Edmondson 

Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 John
 Gottschalk 

Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 Reuben
 Mark 

Director 
 
 February 25,
 2009 
 
 Michael R.
 McCarthy 

By:
 /s/ Ralph W. Castner 

Ralph W.
 Castner 

Attorney-in-fact 

February 25,
 2009 
 112 

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CABELA'S INCORPORATED

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF CABELA S
INCORPORATED 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 Cabela s Hong Kong, Limited 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 Cabela s Retail Canada,
 Inc. 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 Cabela s Marketing and Brand Management, Inc. 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Ventures,
 Inc. 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Wholesale, Inc. 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Retail GP,
 LLC 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Retail IL, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Cabela s Retail LA,
 LLC 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Retail MO, LLC 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Retail TX,
 L.P. 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 CRLP,
 LLC 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Wild Wings, LLC 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 Van
 Dyke Supply Company, Inc. 
 
 South Dakota 
 
 Original Creations,
 LLC 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 Legacy Trading Company 
 
 South Dakota 
 
 Cabela s Outdoor
 Adventures, Inc. 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Trophy Properties, LLC 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 World s Foremost
 Bank 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 WFB
 Funding Corporation 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 WFB Funding, LLC 

Nebraska 
 
 WFB
 TI Funding I Corporation 
 
 Nebraska 
 
 WFB TI Funding, LLC 

Nebraska 
 
 Cabela s Lodging, LLC 
 
 Nebraska 
 113 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by
reference in Registration Statement No. 333-128100 of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-116864 and 333-143164 of Cabela s
Incorporated on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2009, relating to the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Cabela s
Incorporated and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Cabela s Incorporated and
Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Cabela s Incorporated and Subsidiaries for the year ended
December 27, 2008. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP
 
 Omaha, Nebraska February 24, 2009
 
 114 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 exhibit24-1.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY

Exhibit 24.1 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, Theodore
M. Armstrong, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent
LaSure, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ Theodore M. Armstrong 

Theodore M.
 Armstrong 

115 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, Richard
N. Cabela, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent
LaSure, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ Richard N. Cabela 

Richard N.
 Cabela 

116 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, James W.
Cabela, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent
LaSure, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ James W. Cabela 

James W.
 Cabela 

117 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, John H.
Edmondson, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent
LaSure, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ John H. Edmondson 

John H. Edmondson 

118 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, John
Gottschalk, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent
LaSure, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ John Gottschalk 

John
 Gottschalk 

119 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, Reuben
Mark, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent LaSure,
and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ Reuben Mark 

Reuben Mark 

120 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
 I, Michael
R. McCarthy, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Ralph W. Castner and Brent
LaSure, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of
substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Cabela s Incorporated on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, and any and all
amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file
the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and
about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents and/or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 
 In witness whereof, I have executed
this Power of Attorney this 24 th day
of February, 2009. 

/s/ Michael R. McCarthy 

Michael R. McCarthy 

121 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Dennis Highby, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have
 reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cabela s Incorporated;

2. 
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such
 disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
 procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the
 effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
 presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors: 

a. 
 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
 internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
 and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or
 not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
 significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Date: February 25,
 2009 

/s/ Dennis Highby 

Dennis Highby 

President and Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 122 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ralph W. Castner, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have
 reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cabela s Incorporated;

2. 
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such
 disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
 procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the
 effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
 presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors: 

a. 
 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
 internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
 and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or
 not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
 significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Date: February 25,
 2009 

/s/ Ralph W. Castner 

Ralph W.
 Castner 

Vice President and Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 123 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO U. S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of
Cabela s Incorporated (the registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 27, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the report ), each of the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 
 the report fully
 complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 the information
 contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
 financial condition and results of operations of the
 registrant. 

Dated: February 25,
 2009 

/s/ Dennis Highby 

Dennis Highby 

President and Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/ Ralph W. Castner 

Ralph W.
 Castner 

Vice President and Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 124 

</EX-32.1>

