<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090226_10-K_edgar_data_933405_0000933405-09-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7231734</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>574454</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>100127</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2963288</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000933405-09-000010.hdr.sgml : 20090226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090226163254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000933405-09-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATC Technology CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933405
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				954486486
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21803
		FILM NUMBER:		09638184

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 OPUS PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6302718100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 OPUS PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AFTERMARKET TECHNOLOGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Cga81btcoK7NEYPkM4KfugAlpckgcJbdb7r2IIxIbIO5WB2olS5qiYI0aOSjMIYy
 UsiLS+VbdKcGSjaL0cAy1A==

 0000933405-09-000010.txt : 20090226

10-K
 1
 form10k_2008.htm
 ATC FORM 10-K 2008

form10k_2008.htm 

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 __________________ 

 FORM 10-K 

(Mark
One) 

x 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 

OR 

o 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 The Transition Period From ____________ To
 ______________ 

Commission
file number 0-21803 

 __________________ 

ATC
TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE 

95-4486486 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 

 incorporation
 or organization) 

(I.R.S.
 Employer 

 Identification
 No.) 

1400
 Opus Place, Suite 600, Downers Grove, IL 

60515 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 

(Zip
 Code) 

Registrant's
telephone number, including area code: (630) 271-8100 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 

Name
 of Each Exchange on Which
 Listed 

Common
 Stock, .01 par value 

Nasdaq
 Global Select Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
No x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes x 
No o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
 accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer o Accelerated
filer x Non-accelerated
filer o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 
 No x 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant (based on the closing price of such stock, as reported by the Nasdaq
National Market, on June 30, 2008) was 481 million. 

The
Registrant had 19,775,728 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 17,
2009. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

ATC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 

Page 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

9 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

14 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

14 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

14 

ITEM 4. 

SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY
 HOLDERS 

14 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
 MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

15 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

17 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

19 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
 RISK 

42 

ITEM 8. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
 DATA 

43 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

74 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

74 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

74 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE 

75 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

78 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

103 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

104 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
 SERVICES 

105 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
 SCHEDULES 

106 

i 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and information relating to us that are based
on the current beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and
information currently available to management, including statements related to
the markets for our products, general trends in our operations or financial
results, plans, expectations, estimates and beliefs. In addition,
when used in this Annual Report, the words "may," "could," "should,"
"anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "predict" and
similar expressions and their variants, as they relate to us or our management,
may identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our
judgment as of the date of this Annual Report with respect to future events, the
outcome of which is subject to risks, which may have a significant impact on our
business, operating results or financial condition. Readers are
cautioned that these forward-looking statements are inherently
uncertain. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results or
outcomes may vary materially from those described herein. We
undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements. The
risks identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors, among others, may impact
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

ATC
Technology Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides outsourced supply
chain logistics services and engineering solutions to the consumer electronics
industries and light and medium/heavy-duty vehicle
aftermarket. Through our Logistics Business, we offer value-added
supply-chain services primarily to the wireless, high-end consumer electronics,
broadband and cable and light vehicle automotive electronics markets. These
services include fulfillment, returns management, reverse logistics, repair and
other related services. Through our Drivetrain Business, we provide
customized remanufacturing services focused on complex light and
medium/heavy-duty vehicle drivetrain products, consisting principally of
automatic transmissions and to a lesser extent engines, that are primarily sold
through the service, repair and parts organizations of our
customers. We generally provide services under contractual
relationships with customers that distribute high-value, complex
products. 

We
believe our service offerings are differentiated from those of our competitors
by the degree of customization we provide coupled with our focus on quality and
the consistency of our performance. We have developed business
processes, technical capabilities and information technology systems that allow
us to design flexible and scaleable solutions that help our customers reduce
their costs, improve their supply chain efficiency and enhance their
profitability. We manage, monitor and communicate detailed
information about our processes and our customers shipments, returns, products
and inventory on a real-time basis. This information is readily
accessible to our customers, easy-to-use, and customized to fit their needs. We
also use this information to analyze and improve the performance of our
businesses and to help us achieve our exacting quality and service
benchmarks. 

ATC
Technology Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in 1994 and became a
publicly traded company in 1996. Prior to June 2008, we were known as
Aftermarket Technology Corp. 

Our
Logistics Business 

Our
Logistics Business provides a number of value-added services that generate
operational efficiencies for our customers through the outsourcing of certain
supply chain functions. Specifically, our Logistics Business provides
value-added warehousing, packaging and distribution, reverse logistics, turnkey
order fulfillment, electronic equipment testing, and refurbishment and repair
services. Except for component parts to support our repair services
and certain product accessories and packaging materials to support our packaging
services, we generally do not take ownership of inventory. As a
result, our working capital needs are relatively less than other logistics
service providers who take ownership of inventory. Our principal
customers are in the wireless, consumer electronics and automotive industries
and include AT T, TomTom, Nokia, LG, T-Mobile, TiVo, SonyEricsson, General
Motors GM and Delphi. Logistics Business segment sales accounted
for 66.6 , 55.5 , 52.9 , 36.5 and 27.8 of our 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004
net sales, respectively. 

1 

Table of Contents 

We
determine our logistics processes in close consultation with our
customers. Our information technology systems allow rapid integration
with our customers systems and, in conjunction with our customized processes,
help us to meet demanding logistics and repair requirements. By
improving our customers inventory turns and speed of repair and refurbishments,
as well as enabling our customers to realize value from returned products, we
believe we help our customers increase their profitability, reduce their capital
investments and enhance their opportunities for growth. We customize
our products and services to meet the specific individual needs of customers
instead of offering one standard suite of products and services. 

Our
logistics customers market and distribute complex and serialized consumer
electronics such as wireless devices, navigation devices, broadband and cable
devices, and light vehicle audio systems and instrument clusters. As
part of our service offering, we provide bulk and direct fulfillment of wireless
devices and broadband and cable devices for AT T and its partners. We
deliver products both to AT T retail locations and directly to individuals,
and provide inventory tracking and management, process all warranty-service
exchanges and perform test repair services. Growth in our
Logistics Business has largely been with AT T and more recently with TomTom,
where we provide fulfillment, packaging, returns management, and test 
repair services. Additionally, we provide various of our suite of
logistics service offerings for GM, Nokia, LG, T-Mobile, SonyEricsson and TiVo
and provide returned material reclamation and core management and disposition
services for GM. We generally provide our services to each customer
pursuant to a contract with detailed statements of work. These
contracts typically may be terminated by the customer on 180 days notice or
less. The statements of work for forward reverse logistics
services and test repair programs with AT T run through
2010. 

Our Drivetrain
Business 

Our
Drivetrain Business remanufactures drivetrain products, which we distribute
primarily to Original Equipment Service OES organizations and their outlets
(i.e., the service and repair organizations of automotive Original Equipment
Manufacturers OEMs )). We believe we are the largest independent
light vehicle automatic transmission remanufacturer in the world. Our
drivetrain products consist principally of remanufactured automatic
transmissions and also include remanufactured torque converters, valve bodies
and engines. Our principal Drivetrain customers are Ford, Honda,
Allison, Chrysler and GM. Drivetrain Business net sales accounted for
33.4 , 44.5 , 47.1 , 63.5 , and 72.2 of our 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004 net
sales, respectively. 

During
the later part of 2008, our Drivetrain customers and the supporting supply base
experienced unprecedented distress due to the significant adverse changes in the
North American vehicle industry caused by the economic slowdown. In
conjunction with these adverse changes, we have taken actions to restructure our
North American Drivetrain operations, which include the 2009 closure and
consolidation of our operations at our Springfield, Missouri automatic
transmission remanufacturing facility into our existing Company-owned Drivetrain
facility in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. 

The
closure of our Springfield facility is another step in a series of cost-cutting
actions that began in early 2008 and have continued throughout the year to
streamline our North American Drivetrain business. We plan to move
production lines in stages, thereby continuing uninterrupted and seamless
delivery of product to our customers, transferring all current production to
Oklahoma City over the first six months of 2009 to coincide with the expiration
of the Springfield facility lease at the end of 2009. The
restructuring includes the streamlining of both administrative and operations
functions to more efficiently meet the needs of our customers while providing
adequate resources to pursue new opportunities as we work to drive growth in
this business. 

In
connection with this restructuring, we recorded pre-tax charges of 9.7 million
during the fourth quarter of 2008 and expect to incur additional charges of
 5- 6 million in 2009. These events also caused us to reassess the
carrying value of goodwill of our North American Drivetrain business, and as a
result we recorded an impairment charge of 79.1 million during the fourth
quarter of 2008. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Consolidated
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets , Note 5 and Note 18. 

2 

Table of Contents 

Remanufactured
products are used in the repair of vehicles by dealers and other service outlets
during both the warranty and post-warranty periods following the sale of a
vehicle. Remanufacturing is a process through which used components
known as cores are returned to a central facility where they are disassembled
and the parts are inspected, cleaned, refurbished and tested. We then
combine the reusable parts with new parts, primarily in a high-volume cellular
assembly process, to create remanufactured components that are of comparable
quality to new components. We remanufacture some of the most complex
components of a vehicle, such as the transmission and
engine. Generally, our customers and their designated suppliers
provide parts and cores to us and the customer retains title to the
core. However, our medium/heavy-duty remanufacturing program with
Allison requires us to purchase the cores from Allison. In cases
where we do not take ownership of the cores, our working capital requirements
are reduced. Furthermore, because we use salvaged parts from cores or
new parts sourced from our customers and their designated suppliers, we are not
directly subject to material pricing fluctuations. We believe
remanufactured products are generally lower in cost than new replacement
components and frequently facilitate a faster, more reliable repair when
compared to components that are rebuilt at service outlets. In
addition, remanufactured components efficiently reuse existing parts and are
less damaging to the environment. 

We
remanufacture OEM-approved transmissions for warranty and/or post-warranty
replacement of transmissions for Ford, Honda, Allison, Chrysler, GM and certain
foreign OEMs, primarily for use in the United States service and repair
organizations of their dealer networks. Additionally, our European
facility remanufactures OEM-approved gas and diesel engines for several European
OEMs, including Jaguar Land Rover and the European divisions of Ford and
GM. These engines are used for warranty and post-warranty replacement, and
we also provide certain machining services for some of our
customers. 

We work
to develop and maintain strong relationships at many levels, in both the
corporate and factory organizations of our drivetrain customers. We
began remanufacturing transmissions for Chrysler and Ford in 1989, and Honda in
2002. Over the past few years, we have strengthened our relationships with
many of our Drivetrain Business customers, as evidenced by the award of new
business with Ford, Honda, GM, Chrysler, Jaguar, Land Rover and
Isuzu. 

We
generally sell our products to each customer pursuant to a supply arrangement
that typically may be terminated by the customer on 90 days notice or
less. Our contract with Honda does not have a specific term and our
contracts for transmission remanufacturing with Ford and Allison run through
2009 and 2012, respectively, and our contract with Chrysler expired at the end
of 2008. 

Our
facilities that remanufacture transmissions for OEMs have QS-9000 or ISO-9000
certification, a complete quality management system developed for manufacturers
who subscribe to the ISO 9002 quality standards. The system is designed to
help suppliers, such as us, develop a quality system that emphasizes defect
prevention and continuous improvement in manufacturing processes. 

Industry
Background 

Logistics
Industry 

Logistics
can generally be defined as the management and transportation of materials and
inventory throughout the supply chain as well as the provision of value-added
services such as assembly, packaging, programming, testing and repair. The
logistics industry has expanded rapidly over the last 15 years due to
dramatic improvements in technology, increased demand in customer service
requirements, and the significant value proposition provided to companies by
third party logistics (3PL) providers. As more companies focus on
core competencies, many companies have decided to outsource the management of
all or part of their supply chain as a means to reduce costs, increase asset and
labor flexibility and improve customer service. As a result, 3PL providers
have become extensively involved in the full range of customer supply chain
functions. The operational efficiencies of a 3PL provider enable companies
to reduce investments in facilities, information technology, inventory and
personnel. Third-party services include turnkey supply chain services,
such as order fulfillment, product labeling and packaging, inventory and
warehouse management, product return, refurbishment and repair, electronics
equipment testing, reverse logistics and the physical movement of
goods. 

3 

Table of Contents 

We
compete in the value-added warehousing market, a subset of the 3PL market, which
we believe is fragmented, with no dominant industry player, and growing
rapidly. According to Armstrong Associates, Inc. s 2007 North
American 3PL Market Overview report, this market size was estimated to be 27.6
billion of gross revenues in 2007. 

Automotive
Aftermarket 

Demand
for replacement or repair of drivetrain products is a function of numerous
factors, such as the number of vehicles in operation, the average age of
vehicles and the average number of miles driven per vehicle. Within
this overall market, factors that influence demand for our remanufactured
products, when compared to repair services, include product complexity, OEM
warranty policies governing repair-versus-replace decisions made by their
dealers, and the length of warranty periods. In addition, we believe
increasing demand for our remanufacturing services, when compared to repair
services, is also driven by the relatively limited number of qualified repair
technicians and repair test equipment, and the increase in customer service
demands. We supply our products to the automotive
aftermarket, which consists of parts and services for light vehicles after their
original purchase. 

Remanufacturing
Process 

When an
assembly such as a transmission or engine fails, there are generally three
alternatives available to return the vehicle to operating condition. The
dealer or independent repair shop may: 

remove
 the assembly, disassemble it into its component pieces, replace worn or
 broken parts with remanufactured or new components, and reinstall the
 assembly in the vehicle; 

replace
 the assembly with an assembly from a remanufacturer such as us;
 or 

replace
 the assembly with a new assembly manufactured by the
 OEM. 

In our
remanufacturing process, we generally obtain used transmission and engine cores
from our customers or their designated suppliers. We then sort the cores
by vehicle make and model and either place them into immediate production or
store them until needed. In the remanufacturing process, we evaluate the
cores, disassemble them into their component parts and inspect, clean, refurbish
and test the components that can be incorporated into the remanufactured
product. We replace components that we determine to be not reusable or
repairable with other remanufactured or new components. We conduct
inspection and testing at various stages of the remanufacturing process, and we
test each finished assembly on equipment designed to simulate performance under
operating conditions. After testing, we generally package completed
products for immediate delivery. 

There are
four primary benefits of using remanufactured components in the repair of
vehicles. 

First,
 costs to the customers associated with remanufactured assemblies generally
 are substantially less than costs associated with either new assemblies or
 assemblies that have been rebuilt by the dealer following a severe
 failure. This is due primarily to our lower labor costs and our use
 of high volume salvage and manufacturing techniques that enable us to
 refurbish and reuse a high percentage of original components. The
 cost savings produced by remanufactured assemblies help our customers
 manage their warranty expenses. 

Second,
 remanufactured assemblies are generally of consistent high quality due to
 the precision manufacturing techniques, technical upgrades and rigorous
 inspection and testing procedures we employ in remanufacturing. By
 contrast, the quality of rebuilt assemblies generally is less consistent
 because it is heavily dependent on the skill level of the particular
 mechanic as well as the availability of adequate tooling and testing
 equipment. For warranty repairs, consistent quality is
 important to the customer providing the applicable warranty, because once
 installed, the remanufactured product is usually covered by the customer s
 warranty for the balance of the original warranty
 period. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Third,
 replacement of a faulty component with a remanufactured component
 generally takes considerably less time than the time needed to rebuild the
 component, thereby significantly reducing the time the vehicle is at the
 dealer or repair shop and allowing the dealer or repair shop to increase
 its volume of business. 

Fourth,
 the environmental benefits of remanufacturing may be significant. We
 annually re-process thousands of tons of materials that would otherwise
 have been discarded. Remanufacturing in our facilities, when
 compared to rebuilding at various dealers, generally results in a more
 efficient reuse of parts and a more controlled recycling of scrap
 materials and excess fluids. This in turn leads to associated cost
 savings and benefits to customers that are increasingly focused on
 environmental compliance
issues. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe we offer products and solutions that improve our customers profits and
operations as a result of our competitive strengths, which include the
following: 

Customized
Service Offering 

We are
recognized by our customers for our high level of service and our flexibility in
providing product and service solutions. This approach involves our
team of specialists who work with the client to understand the specific
deliverables required by that client, understand communication points within the
supply chain, design solutions, establish operational and business metrics,
eliminate waste and improve efficiencies. We offer a broad array of
products and services to our logistics customers, which enables us to work with
the customer to customize our products and services to meet the specific
individual needs of the customer instead of offering one standard suite of
products and services. We believe our One-Size-Fits-One approach
helps us attract and retain customers. For instance, for AT T,
our supply chain management services include product warranty and returns, order
entry processing, testing and repair, warehousing, picking, kitting, customized
packaging, shipping and delivery of wireless handsets, including wireless data
devices. Our integrated logistics services also include inventory
management and private labeling. Our customized approach has allowed
us to add TomTom, as well as the wireline segment of AT T, and TiVo as new
customers over the past three years. 

High
Quality Through Engineering and Technical Know-How 

Our
remanufactured products are of consistently high quality due to the precision
manufacturing techniques, technical upgrades and rigorous inspection and testing
procedures employed in our remanufacturing processes. We partner with
our customers to design processes that help ensure that our remanufacturing of
complex products such as automatic transmissions, valve bodies, torque
converters, engines and automotive electronics replicates OEM quality and test
procedures. Our remanufacturing process is completed by testing products
using state-of-the-art equipment such as sophisticated test stands that enable
us to replicate OEM test procedures. We are committed to upholding
the quality of our customers products and hold QS-9000 Certification, ISO-9000
Certification and Ford s Q1 Certification. We monitor our procedures
and processes, which allows us to identify and to quickly correct situations
that could impact our product quality. We have a team of engineers
dedicated to enhancing and adding new products, sharing innovative solutions and
reducing our customers expenses. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Information
Technology Capabilities 

We use
information technology to help meet customers needs in product security and
confidentiality, product qualification and identification, inventory management,
and interactive electronic communication. We also provide customers
with solutions for their supply chain management, reverse logistics, product
tracking and product history needs, while maintaining service and quality
levels. Our use of information technology allows us to provide
flexible, accurate, customized logistics solutions to help meet customer
requirements while providing full visibility across the supply
chain. Our solutions can reduce customer-required investment in
information technology, and can improve the efficiency of our customers 
inventory and supply chains by providing enhanced traceability and visibility of
inventory, resulting in market-leading performance metrics and improved customer
profitability. In addition, our information technology systems allow
for rapid integration with our customers systems, enhancing the quality of our
services. 

Strong,
Experienced Management Team 

Our
executive and operations management team has extensive
experience. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Todd R.
Peters, has over 20 years of financial, acquisition and integration, and
automotive operations experience. Our Chairman of the Board, Donald
T. Johnson, Jr., has over 30 years of experience in the logistics and automotive
industries, including five years with Ford as Global Director of Parts, Supply
and Logistics, and more than 20 years with Caterpillar s Parts and Service and
Logistics organizations, including serving as Vice President, Caterpillar
Logistics. Our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ashoka
Achuthan, has nearly 30 years of financial and operational leadership experience
and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, John M. Pinkerton, has
nearly 30 years of financial and strategic planning leadership experience, both
with large international businesses. The President of our ATC
Logistics Business, F. Antony Francis, has nearly 40 years of financial and
logistics operations experience, and the President of our ATC Drivetrain
Business, Richard L. Stanley, has nearly 30 years of operational experience in
the automotive industry. 

Our
Growth Strategies 

Our
strategy is to be a valued partner that provides logistics, return and repair
services and remanufacturing for customers that distribute high-value, complex
products in various markets. We will grow by leveraging our strong
customer relationships while we develop new customers and products. 

Growth
Within Our Logistics Business 

Target New Customers and Broaden
Services Provided to Customers . We believe we are well
positioned to capitalize on growth in the 3PL services market, particularly with
existing and new customers in the consumer electronics, broadband and cable, and
vehicle industries, by offering customized, reliable and cost effective
solutions for customers with complex logistics requirements involving high-value
products. In 2008, we were awarded new logistics business that we
expect to generate 37 million of annualized revenue. 

We intend
to increase penetration of our existing Logistics Business customer base by
broadening our offering of Logistics products and services and by marketing our
core competencies as solutions to meet our customers needs. Under our
 One-Size-Fits-One philosophy, we will continue to leverage our broad range of
services to target new customers that provide serialized products across a
variety of industries and provide them with customized products and services to
meet their specific needs instead of offering one standard suite of products and
services. We also intend to leverage our core competencies in
logistics and electronics refurbishment by working with our existing and new
customers to identify products and services where we can add value in
satisfaction of our customers specific needs. We intend to further
expand our penetration of the market for logistics services and electronics
repair through the addition of other wireless carriers, wireless OEMs, and
broadband and cable providers to our customer base and through penetration of
and into other vertical markets, including electronics and computers, and
medical devices. We have also identified and targeted several new
market segments, including additional classes of consumer
electronics. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Growth
Within Our Drivetrain Business 

Expand Our Product Offering and
Product Application. Our business and product development
teams are working to identify new products and processes that enable us to
compete for additional business with our OES customers and their dealers by
helping them to increase their penetration of the drivetrain repair market
and/or reduce their total warranty costs. For example, we are working
with certain of our OES customers dealers to (i) develop and implement products
and strategies designed to enable them to penetrate, or increase their
penetration of, the post-warranty replacement market for automotive
transmissions and (ii) re-introduce remanufactured transmissions as a
transmission repair alternative in warranty applications. 

Enter Additional Markets for our
Services. We are seeking drivetrain remanufacturing
opportunities in markets outside our primary light vehicle aftermarket,
including the commercial vehicle market. We believe that our
expertise in drivetrain remanufacturing will be directly transferable to these
other markets over time. 

Expand Our International
Presence. In 2008, we generated approximately 96 of our total
net sales in North America. We believe that our expertise in
drivetrain remanufacturing will be directly transferable to foreign markets,
which generally have a less developed drivetrain remanufacturing market than
North America. As such we are actively pursuing additional
opportunities with both new and existing customers to provide remanufacturing
services in Europe. We continue to explore opportunities in the global
automotive industry for our products and services in order to capture new
business opportunities and improve profitability. 

Additional
Corporate Initiatives 

Leverage Operating Efficiency and
Productivity Gains . We regularly evaluate our operating
efficiency and productivity in order to increase our profitability and cash
flows. Over the last several years, we have completed numerous lean
manufacturing, six sigma and continuous improvement projects that have resulted
in significant cost savings and increased capacity utilization. Our
 Lean and Continuous Improvement program has helped us achieve margin
improvements and further enhancement of quality. We believe there are
additional opportunities to further improve our cost base and increase
earnings. 

Selectively Pursue
Acquisitions . From time to time we evaluate potential
acquisitions of complementary businesses that we believe will broaden our
product offerings, diversify our customer base or provide us access to new
markets. We have established criteria by which we evaluate potential
acquisitions, which we use to identify and pursue only those that we believe
will enhance long-term stockholder value. We have made various
acquisitions in the past and, to the extent suitable acquisition candidates,
acquisition terms and financing are available, we may pursue acquisitions in the
future. 

Competition 

In our
Logistics Business, we primarily compete in a fragmented market as a niche
participant offering a specialized value-added service requiring stringent
service level requirements. Based on our performance levels, we believe we
are well positioned to compete in this market. However, some of our
competitors in this segment such as Caterpillar Logistics and UPS Logistics are
larger and have greater financial and other resources. 

In our
Drivetrain Business, we primarily compete in the market for remanufactured
transmissions sold to the automotive aftermarket through the OEM dealer
networks. This market, narrowly defined, is one in which the majority of
industry supply comes from a limited number of participants. Competition
is based primarily on product quality, service, delivery, technical support and
price. 

Employees 

As of
December 31, 2008, we had an aggregate workforce of approximately 3,500
individuals, including full-time employees and temporary workers. We
believe our employee and labor relations are good. We have not experienced
any work stoppages to date and currently none of our employees is represented by
a labor union. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Environmental 

We are
subject to various evolving federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws
and regulations governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharge to
waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and
disposal of a variety of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and
wastes. These laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and
criminal sanctions for violations and impose liability for the costs of cleaning
up, and damages resulting from, past spills, disposals or other releases of
hazardous substances. 

In
connection with the acquisition of our subsidiaries, some of which have been
subsequently divested or relocated, we conducted certain investigations of these
companies facilities and their compliance with applicable environmental
laws. The investigations, which included Phase I assessments by
independent consultants of all manufacturing and various distribution
facilities, found that a number of these facilities have had or may have had
releases of hazardous materials that may require remediation and also may be
subject to potential liabilities for contamination from off-site disposal of
substances or wastes. These assessments also found that reporting and
other regulatory requirements, including waste management procedures, were not
or may not have been satisfied. Although there can be no assurance,
we believe that, based in part on the investigations conducted, in part on
certain remediation completed prior to or since the acquisitions, and in part on
the indemnification provisions of the agreements entered into in connection with
our acquisitions, we will not incur any material liabilities relating to these
matters. 

In
connection with the October 2000 sale of our former Distribution Group
business, we agreed to indemnify the buyer against environmental liability at
Distribution Group facilities that had been closed prior to the Distribution
Group sale, including former facilities in Azusa, California, Mexicali, Mexico
and Dayton, Ohio. We also agreed to indemnify the buyer against any
other environmental liability of the Distribution Group relating to periods
prior to the closing of the Distribution Group sale. Our
indemnification obligations to the buyer are subject to an 850,000 deductible 100,000 in the case of the closed facilities) and a 12.0 million cap
(except with respect to the closed facilities). 

Segment
Reporting 

We have
two reportable segments: the Logistics segment and the Drivetrain
segment. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Consolidated
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 17. 

Available
Information 

Our
internet website is www.goATC.com . We
make available free of charge on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any other
filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as
reasonably practicable. This information may also be obtained by
calling the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that
contains reports and other information regarding issuers like us that file
electronically with the Commission. We will provide a copy of any of the
foregoing documents to stockholders without charge upon written request to us at
1400 Opus Place, Suite 600, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515, attention:
Corporate Secretary. The contents of our website are not part of this
Annual Report. 

8 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

We
believe that the following are the material risks currently facing our
business. Additional risks we are not presently aware of, or that we
currently believe are immaterial, may also impair our business
operations. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations or stock
price. Readers should also refer to the other information included in
this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and related
notes thereto. 

We
rely on a few major customers for a significant majority of our business and the
loss of any of those customers, significant changes in prices or other terms
with any of our major customers, or changes to our customers warranty policies,
could reduce our net income and operating results. 

A few
customers account for a significant majority of our net sales each
year. In 2008, we had four customers that individually accounted for
10 or more of our net sales: AT T (43 ), TomTom (14 ), Ford (11 and
Honda (10 ). If we lose any of these customers, or if any of them reduces
or cancels a significant order or program, our net sales and operating results
could decrease significantly. 

Most of
our contracts or arrangements with our customers have a term of three years or
less and are terminable by the customer subject to a notice period that ranges
from 30 days or less to 180 days. In addition, we periodically
renegotiate prices and other terms with our customers, and have historically
experienced price reductions in connection with contract
renewals. Furthermore, the current economic climate may lead our
customers (particularly those in the automotive industry) to more aggressively
pursue cost reduction initiatives, which could adversely affect the prices we
charge for our products and services. Because of the periodic
expiration of our customer contracts, the short termination periods of those
contracts and periodic price negotiations, we cannot give any assurances of the
stability of the demand or prices for our products and, therefore, our revenue
streams. Significant demand or price fluctuations could materially
affect our business. 

Current
economic conditions are causing certain of our customers to experience severe
financial difficulty, which could lead to such customers no longer utilizing our
products and services, resulting in a potentially material decline in our
revenue. Furthermore, the bankruptcy of any such customer would adversely
affect our ability to collect the related accounts receivable. 

Loss of a
significant customer could also result in us incurring asset impairment charges
and restructuring costs associated with the loss of the customer. 

Our
significant OEM customers generally require that their dealers using
remanufactured products for warranty application use only products from approved
suppliers. Although we are a factory approved supplier of our customers, they
generally are not obligated to continue to purchase our products and may switch
some or all of their business to other suppliers in the future and we may not be
able to maintain or increase our sales to them. 

Within
the last few years the standard new vehicle warranty provided by our customers
has varied and shorter warranty periods could be implemented in the
future. Any shortening of warranty periods could reduce the amount of
warranty work performed by dealers and reduce the demand for our
products. Additionally, our customers may vary their policies that
govern their dealer warranty repair-versus-replace decisions, which could result
in dealers repairing more transmissions and consequently replacing fewer
transmissions with remanufactured units, which would reduce demand for our
products. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Our
Logistics Business is dependent on the strength of AT T. 

AT T,
which accounted for 64.2 of our Logistics segment net sales for 2008, operates
in a highly competitive technology market. The number of wireless
devices sold by AT T, whether to new subscribers or as replacements to
existing subscribers, is dependent on its ability to keep pace with
technological advancements and to provide service programs and prices that are
attractive to current and potential customers. Our net sales to
AT T are substantially related to the number of wireless devices sold by
AT T. Consequently, any material decrease in wireless devices
sold by AT T will materially and adversely affect our net
sales. 

The
current economic crisis could impact the market for our customers products,
which would in turn adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
current economic crisis could cause consumers to reduce their purchases of
discretionary items that are sold by our customers, such as cellular devices and
GPS units, which would in turn reduce the demand for our Logistics
services. It also could lead to automobile owners deferring the
repair of their out-of-warranty vehicles, which would reduce the demand for our
Drivetrain products. Such a reduction in demand could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Interruptions
or delays in obtaining transmission cores and component parts could impair our
business. 

In our
remanufacturing operations, we obtain used transmissions, engines and related
components, commonly known as cores, which are sorted and either placed into
immediate production or stored until needed. The majority of the
cores we remanufacture are obtained from OEMs. Our ability to obtain
cores of the types and in the quantities we require is critical to our ability
to meet demand and expand production. With the increasing acceptance
in the aftermarket of remanufactured assemblies, the demand for cores has
increased. We have periodically experienced situations in which the
inability to obtain sufficient cores has limited our ability to accept
orders. We may experience core shortages in the future. In
addition, from time to time, we experience shortages of components manufactured
by our OEM customers that we require for our transmission remanufacturing
process. If we experience such shortages for an extended period of
time, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and negatively
impact our competitive position. 

Our
financial results are affected by transmission failure rates, which are outside
our control. 

Our
financial results are affected by transmission failure rates, and a drop in
these rates could adversely affect sales or profitability or lead to variability
of our operating results. Generally, if transmissions last longer,
there will be less demand for our remanufactured
transmissions. Transmission failure rates could drop due to a number
of factors outside our control, including: 

transmission
 designs that result in greater
reliability; 

consumers
 driving fewer miles per year due to high gasoline
 prices; 

consumers
 delaying repairs; and 

mild
 weather. 

Our
financial results are affected by our customers' policies, which are outside our
control. 

Our
financial results are also affected by the policies of our OEM
customers. Changes to our key OEM customers policies that could
materially affect our business include: 

guidelines
 that affect dealer decisions to rebuild units at the dealer rather than
 install remanufactured
transmissions; 

a
 decision not to use remanufactured units for warranty
 replacements; 

10 

Table of Contents 

shortened
 warranty periods that could reduce the demand for our
 products; 

reductions
 in the amount of inventory our OEM customers elect to
 retain; 

longer
 time periods before remanufactured transmissions are introduced for use
 with a particular automobile; and 

pricing
 strategies. 

We
may incur material liabilities under various federal, state, local and foreign
environmental laws. 

We are
subject to various evolving federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws
and regulations governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharge to
waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and
disposal of a variety of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and
wastes. These laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and
criminal sanctions for violations and impose liability for the costs of cleaning
up, and the damages resulting from, past spills, disposals or other releases of
hazardous substances. In connection with our acquisition activity, we
have conducted certain investigations of facilities we have acquired and their
compliance with applicable environmental laws. Similarly, in the
course of lease terminations, we have generally conducted investigations into
potential environmental impacts resulting from our operations. These
investigations revealed various environmental matters and conditions that could
expose us to liability or which have required us to undertake compliance-related
improvements or remedial activities. Any liability we may have under
environmental laws could materially affect our business. 

Substantial
competition could reduce our market share and significantly harm our financial
performance. 

Our
industry segments are highly competitive. We may not be successful in
competing against other companies, some of which are larger than us and have
greater financial and other resources available to them than we
do. Increased competition could require us to reduce prices or take
other actions that may have an adverse effect on our operating
results. 

Our
stock price is volatile, and investors may not be able to recover their
investment if our stock price declines. 

The
trading price of our common stock has been volatile and can be expected to be
affected by factors such as: 

quarterly
 variations in our results of operations, which may be impacted by, among
 other things, price renegotiations with, business outlook changes of, or
 loss of, our customers; 

quarterly
 variations in the results of operations or stock prices of comparable
 companies; 

announcements
 of new products or services offered by us or our
 competitors; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by financial
 analysts; 

the
 stock price performance of our customers;
and 

general
 market conditions or market conditions specific to particular
 industries. 

Our
future operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

We may
experience significant variations in our future quarterly results of
operations. These fluctuations may result from many factors,
including the condition of our industry in general and shifts in demand and
pricing for our products. Our operating results are also highly
dependent on our level of gross profit as a percentage of net
sales. Our gross profit percentage fluctuates due to numerous
factors, some of which may be outside of our control. These factors
include: 

11 

Table of Contents 

pricing
 strategies; 

changes to 
 our customers warranty policies; 

changes
 in product costs from vendors; 

the
 risk of some of the items in our inventory becoming
 obsolete; 

the
 availability and quality of cores; 

the
 relative mix of products and services sold during the period;
 and 

general
 market and competitive conditions. 

Results
of operations in any period, therefore, should not be considered indicative of
the results to be expected for any future period. 

Our
success depends on our ability to retain our senior management and to attract
and retain key personnel. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent on the efforts and abilities of our
senior management team. We have various programs in place to
motivate, reward and retain our management team, including bonus and stock
incentive plans. However, the loss of one or more of these persons
could have an adverse effect on our business. Our success and plans
for future growth will also depend on our ability to hire, train and retain
skilled workers in all areas of our business. We currently do not
have key executive insurance relating to our senior management
team. 

We
cannot predict the impact of unionization efforts on our business. 

From time
to time, labor unions have indicated their interest in organizing a portion of
our workforce. Given that our OEM customers are in the highly
unionized automotive industry, our business is likely to continue to attract the
attention of union organizers. While these efforts have not been
successful to date except in the case of our former Mahwah, New Jersey facility
(which we closed in 2003), we cannot give any assurance that we will not
experience additional union activity in the future. Any union
organization activity, if successful, could result in increased labor costs and,
even if unsuccessful, could result in a temporary disruption of our production
capabilities and a distraction to our management. 

We
may be subject to risks associated with future acquisitions. 

An
element of our long-term growth strategy is the acquisition and integration of
complementary businesses in order to broaden product offerings, capture market
share and improve profitability. We will not be able to acquire other
businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain
financing on acceptable terms or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition
candidates. The negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the
integration of an acquired business could require us to incur significant costs
and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. Future
acquisitions by us could result in: 

dilutive
 issuances of equity securities; 

reductions
 in our operating results; 

incurrence
 of debt and contingent liabilities; 

future
 impairment of goodwill and other intangibles;
 and 

other
 acquisition-related expenses. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Some or
all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our
business. The businesses we may acquire in the future might not
achieve sales and profitability that justify our investment. In
addition, to the extent that consolidation becomes more prevalent in our
industry, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase to
unacceptable levels and limit our growth. 

We may
encounter difficulties in integrating any businesses we acquire with our
operations. The success of these transactions depends on our ability
to: 

retain
 key management members and technical personnel of acquired
 companies; 

successfully
 merge corporate cultures and operational and financial systems;
 and 

realize
 sale and cost reduction synergies. 

Furthermore,
we may not realize the benefits we anticipated when we entered into these
transactions. In addition, after we have completed an acquisition,
our management must be able to assume significantly greater responsibilities,
and this in turn may cause them to divert their attention from our existing
operations. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

Our
level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could adversely affect
our business and liquidity position. 

As of
February 10, 2009, we had 70 million of debt outstanding and our indebtedness
could increase substantially from time to time in the future for various
reasons, including fluctuations in operating results, capital expenditures and
possible acquisitions. Our consolidated indebtedness level could
materially affect our business because: 

a
 portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest
 payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes,
 which amount would increase if prevailing interest rates
 rise; 

it
 may materially impair our ability to obtain financing in the
 future; 

it
 may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic
 conditions or take advantage of business opportunities that may
 arise; 

of
 a prolonged recession and/or unforeseen regulatory changes;
 and 

our
 ability to pay dividends is
limited. 

In
addition, our credit facility requires us to meet specified financial ratios and
limits our ability to enter into various transactions. If we default
on any of our indebtedness, or if we are unable to obtain necessary liquidity,
our business could be adversely affected. 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may hinder or prevent a
change in control of our company. 

Provisions
of our certificate of incorporation could make it more difficult for a third
party to obtain control of us, even if such a change in control might benefit
our stockholders. Our Board of Directors can issue preferred stock
without stockholder approval. The rights of common stockholders could
be adversely affected by the rights of holders of preferred stock that we issue
in the future. These provisions could discourage a third party from
trying to obtain control of us. Such provisions may also impede a
transaction in which our stockholders could receive a premium over then-current
market prices and our stockholders' ability to approve transactions that they
consider in their best interests. 

13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We
conduct our business from the following facilities: 

Location 

Approx. 

 Sq.
 Feet 

Lease 

 Expiration 

Date 

Products
 Produced/Services Provided 

Springfield,
 MO (1) 

280,800 

2009 

transmissions,
 transfer cases and assorted components (2) 

Oklahoma
 City, OK 

100,000 

2019 

transmissions,
 transfer cases and assorted components (2) 

Oklahoma
 City, OK (3) 

200,000 

owned 

transmissions
 and assorted components (2) 

Oklahoma
 City, OK 

94,000 

2009 

returned
 material reclamation and disposition, core management (4) 

Carrollton
 (Dallas), TX 

39,000 

2009 

radios,
 telematics and instrument and display clusters (4) 

Ft.
 Worth, TX 

414,000 

2013 

wireless
 device and accessory distribution, electronics packaging and related
 services (4) 

Ft.
 Worth, TX 

375,000 

2010 

wireless
 device and electronics test and repair, returns processing, accessory
 packaging (4) 

Ft.
 Worth, TX 

180,000 

2009 

wireless
 device and accessory packaging, distribution and related services (4) 

Grantham,
 England 

120,000 

owned 

engines
 and related components (2) 

___________ 

(1) 

We
 will be exiting this facility in 2009 and consolidating its operations
 into one of our Oklahoma City
facilities. 

(2) 

This
 facility is used by the Drivetrain
segment. 

(3) 

This
 property is subject to a mortgage securing our bank credit
 facility. 

(4) 

This
 facility is used by the Logistics
segment. 

We also
lease assorted warehouses and space for our corporate offices and computer
services centers, as well as land for a facility we are developing in the Czech
Republic where we are planning to reduce production costs and develop new
business in our Drivetrain segment. We believe that our current
facilities are adequate for the current level of our activities. In the event we
were to require additional facilities, we believe that we could procure
acceptable facilities. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

From time
to time, we have been, and currently are, involved in various legal
proceedings. Management believes that all of our litigation is
routine in nature and incidental to the conduct of our business, and that none
of our litigation, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse
effect, individually or in the aggregate, on us. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION
OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

No
matters were submitted to a vote of our stockholders during the quarter ended
December 31, 2008. 

14 

Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information and Holders 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
"ATAC". As of February 17, 2009, there were 127 record holders of our
common stock. The following table sets forth for the periods
indicated the range of high and low sale prices of the common stock as reported
by Nasdaq: 

High 

Low 

2008 

First quarter 

27.97 

18.27 

Second quarter 

26.78 

19.57 

Third quarter 

27.05 

21.80 

Fourth quarter 

24.20 

12.02 

2007 

First quarter 

25.67 

20.31 

Second quarter 

32.44 

24.11 

Third quarter 

33.75 

25.41 

Fourth quarter 

35.00 

25.88 

On
February 17, 2009, the last sale price of our common stock, as reported by
Nasdaq, was 10.86 per share. 

Stock
Repurchases 

On
February 28, 2008, our Board of Directors authorized a plan to repurchase up to
 50,000,000 of our common stock during 2008. The repurchases were
made (i) pursuant to a plan complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the
Securities Exchange Act. Pursuant to this program, we made open
market purchases of 955,836 shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of
 17,621,421 (including broker commissions and transaction fees) during the three
months ended December 31, 2008. The repurchase program was
completed in December 2008. 

Also
during the three months ended December 31, 2008, an employee delivered to us 53
shares of our outstanding common stock in payment of 900 of minimum withholding
tax obligations arising from the vesting of restricted stock previously awarded
under one of our stock incentive plans. Per the stock incentive plan,
the shares delivered to us were valued at 16.98 per share, the closing price of
our common stock on the vesting date of the restricted stock. 

Following
is a summary of treasury stock acquisitions during the three months ended
December 31, 2008: 

Period 

Total 

 number
 of 

 Shares 

 Purchased 

Average
 Price 

 Paid
 per Share 

Total
 Number of 

 Shares
 Purchased as 

 Part
 of Publicly 

 Announced
 Plans or 

 Programs 

Maximum
 Number (or 

 Approximate
 Dollar 

 Value)
 of Shares that May 

 Yet
 Be Purchased Under 

 the
 Plan (1)(2) 

October
 1-31, 2008 

482,612 

20.88 

482,612 

7,513,679 

November
 1-30, 2008 

225,759 

16.27 

225,759 

3,839,951 

December
 1-31, 2008 

247,518 

15.52 

247,518 

12 

_______ 

_______________ 

(1) 

Excludes
 amounts that could be used to repurchase shares acquired under our stock
 incentive plans to satisfy withholding tax obligations of employees and
 non-employee directors upon the vesting of restricted
 stock. 

(2) 

Announced
 on February 28, 2008, our stock repurchase plan authorized us to
 repurchase up to 50,000,000 of our common stock through December 31,
 2008, excluding broker commissions and transaction
 fees. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Dividends 

We have
never paid cash dividends on our common stock. Because we currently
intend to retain any earnings to provide funds for the operation and expansion
of our business and for the servicing and repayment of indebtedness, we do not
intend to pay cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable
future. Furthermore, as a holding company with no independent
operations, the ability of ATC Technology Corporation to pay cash dividends is
dependent upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our
subsidiaries. The agreement for our bank credit facility contains
certain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to pay
dividends. See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital
Resources." Any determination to pay cash dividends on the common
stock in the future will be at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors. 

Performance
Graph 

The
following graph shows the total return to our stockholders compared to our peer
group and the Nasdaq Market Index over the period from December 31, 2003 to
December 31, 2008. Each line on the graph assumes that 100 was
invested in our common stock and the respective indices at the closing price on
December 31, 2003. The graph then presents the value of these
investments, assuming reinvestment of dividends, through the close of trading on
December 31, 2008. 

12/31/03 

12/31/04 

12/31/05 

12/30/06 

12/29/07 

12/31/08 

ATC
 Technology Corporation. 

100.00 

117.35 

141.69 

155.10 

198.69 

106.63 

Peer
 Group Index 

100.00 

142.47 

159.47 

170.96 

158.39 

124.78 

NASDAQ
 Market Index 

100.00 

108.41 

110.79 

122.16 

134.29 

79.25 

The peer
group consists of Brightpoint, Inc. and UTI Worldwide Inc. (publicly-traded
companies engaged in third party logistics businesses) and Genuine Parts Co. and
Standard Motor Products (publicly-traded companies engaged primarily in
businesses in the automotive aftermarket), which, in management s opinion, most
closely represent the peer group for our two business segments. 

The
cumulative total return shown on the stock performance graph indicates
historical results only and is not necessarily indicative of future
results. 

16 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA 

The
selected financial data presented below with respect to the statements of
operations data for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 and
the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 are derived from
our Consolidated Financial Statements that have been audited by Ernst 
Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, and are included
elsewhere herein, and are qualified by reference to such financial statements
and notes related thereto. The selected financial data with respect
to the statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2005 and
2004 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, are
derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements that have been audited by
Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, but
are not included herein. The data provided should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes,
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, and other financial information included in this Annual
Report. On April 2, 2008, we sold the asset
group related to our NuVinci CVP project, which was initiated in
2005. Accordingly, the results of operations for NuVinci, which was
reported as part of Drivetrain in segment information previously disclosed for
the periods ended from 2005 through 2007, has been reclassified to discontinued
operations for all periods presented and is excluded from the selected financial
data presented below. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In
 thousands, except per share data) 

Statements
 of Operations Data: 

Net
 sales 

530,560 

529,171 

497,891 

419,618 

375,600 

Cost
 of sales 

408,347 

389,768 

392,445 

315,507 

275,453 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other c harges (1) 

7,614 

1,962 

Gross
 profit 

114,599 

137,441 

105,446 

104,111 

100,147 

Selling,
 general and administrative expense 

56,965 

61,001 

48,936 

47,755 

45,034 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

149 

243 

190 

125 

125 

Impairment
 of
 goodwill 

79,146 

14,592 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges (1) 

3,396 

1,411 

1,938 

523 

3,766 

Operating
 income (loss) 

(25,057) 

74,786 

39,790 

55,708 

51,222 

Interest
 income 

624 

1,141 

605 

2,026 

2,658 

Interest
 expense 

(696) 

(969) 

(4,297) 

(7,696) 

(7,271) 

Other
 income,
 net 

17 

116 

262 

542 

19 

Equity
 in income of
 investee 

146 

Write-off
 of debt issuance
 costs 

(1,691) 

Income
 tax benefit
 (expense) 

2,423 

(27,952) 

(13,011) 

(16,827) 

(16,698) 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

(22,689) 

47,122 

21,658 

33,753 

30,076 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations per diluted share (2) 

(1.09) 

2.13 

0.99 

1.56 

1.40 

Shares
 used in computation of income (loss) from continuing operations per
 diluted share (2) 

20,878 

22,144 

21,927 

21,579 

21,411 

Other
 Data: 

Capital
 expenditures 

11,332 

19,374 

10,636 

17,241 

10,820 

17 

Table of Contents 

As
 of December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In
 thousands) 

Balance
 Sheet Data: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

17,188 

40,149 

7,835 

45,472 

18,085 

Working
 capital, continuing operations 

109,887 

115,259 

89,353 

109,143 

88,221 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

52,728 

56,462 

51,767 

54,108 

51,416 

Total
 assets 

282,342 

389,374 

345,677 

407,780 

390,277 

Current
 and long-term debt outstanding 

17,800 

90,779 

112,406 

Long-term
 liabilities, less current portion 

17,695 

35,389 

46,194 

107,077 

122,225 

Total
 stockholders' equity 

204,702 

280,513 

232,330 

221,230 

186,373 
 
 _______________ 

(1) 

See
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note
 18 for a description of exit, disposal, certain severance and other
 charges. 

(2) 

See
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note
 12 for a description of the computation of earnings per
 share. 

18 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL 

 CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual
Report. See Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

Readers
are cautioned that the following discussion contains certain forward-looking
statements and should be read in conjunction with the Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements appearing at the beginning of this Annual
Report. 

Discontinued
Operations 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2008, we concluded that the potential return on
the investment for our NuVinci CVP project was not sufficient to continue
development activities. As a result, we sold the asset group related
to this project to Fallbrook Technologies Inc. and reclassified the results of
operations for NuVinci (which was reported as part of Drivetrain in segment
information previously disclosed) to discontinued operations for all periods
presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and management s
discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

Operations . We
provide supply chain logistics services and outsourced engineered solutions to
the consumer electronics industries and light and medium/heavy duty vehicle
aftermarket. Through our Logistics Business, we offer value-added
supply-chain services primarily to the wireless, high-end consumer electronics,
broadband and cable and light vehicle automotive electronics markets. These
services include fulfillment, returns management, reverse logistics, repair and
other related services. Through our Drivetrain Business, we provide
customized remanufacturing services focused on complex light and medium/heavy
duty vehicle drivetrain products, consisting principally of automatic
transmissions and to a lesser extent engines, that are primarily sold through
the service, repair and parts organizations of our customers. We
generally provide our services under contractual relationships with customers
that distribute high-value, complex products. 

Our
Logistics Business provides a number of value-added services that generate
operational efficiencies for our customers through the outsourcing of certain
supply chain functions. Specifically, our Logistics Business provides
value-added warehousing, packaging and distribution, reverse logistics, turnkey
order fulfillment, electronic equipment testing, and refurbishment and repair
services. Except for component parts to support our repair services
and certain product accessories and packaging materials to support our packaging
services, we generally do not take ownership of inventory. As a
result, our working capital needs are less than other logistics services
providers who do take ownership of inventory. Additionally, our
business model does not require substantial capital investments in
transportation equipment or facilities. 

2008 Summary. 2008 was a year with mixed
results. We had continued growth and efficiency improvements in our
Logistics business while our Drivetrain business suffered from a significant
decline in revenues related to a decline in Honda transmissions replaced under
warranty and normal life-cycle declines in legacy Ford and Chrysler transmission
remanufacturing programs coupled with the severe economic and financial
conditions impacting the automotive sector. These impacts were key factors
driving our decision to restructure and consolidate our Drivetrain
business. For the full year of 2008, net sales increased a nominal
0.3 to 530.6 million from 529.2 million in 2007. Loss from
continuing operations of 22.7 million for the year reflected a 79.1 million
goodwill impairment charge in our Drivetrain segment and 9.7 million in
restructuring charges. We ended the year at a loss from continuing
operations of 1.09 per share. 

19 

Table of Contents 

The
Logistics segment continued its growth during 2008, with net sales up 20.2 to a
record 353.4 million compared to full-year 2007. We continued to
benefit from our solid customer relationships across the board but most
specifically with AT T and TomTom. Throughout 2008, our Logistics
business exceeded our expectations, driven by cost improvements in our
operations and efficient new program launches. We renewed our
contracts with AT T, TomTom and T-Mobile, and also expanded our operational
reach into Mexico and to a lesser extent, Canada. During the year, we
continued to win new business and continued to expand our pipeline of new
business opportunities. 

The
results of our Drivetrain Business were disappointing throughout
2008. Our net sales for 2008 were down 24.7 from 2007. We
experienced (i) a significant decline in revenues with Honda due to lower demand
for remanufactured transmissions for warranty applications compared to the
higher volumes in 2007 believed to be attributable to an extension of warranty
coverage on certain models, and (ii) declines in volume with Ford and Chrysler
related to normal life-cycle decay of legacy transmission programs while newer
platforms, which have been impacted by depressed new vehicle sales, have only
resulted in modest volumes to date. Additionally, the unprecedented
economic distress being experienced by our customers severely impacted our
volumes throughout the year and consequently, the valuation of our Drivetrain
business. Since the beginning of the year, we have been aggressive in
reducing costs and in the fourth quarter of 2008, initiated a restructuring and
consolidation of the Drivetrain business to improve capacity and asset
utilization. 

Additionally,
we completed a 50 million stock repurchase program, representing approximately
11 of the diluted shares outstanding. We ended the year with a net
cash position of 17.2 million and no debt. Our liquidity continues
to provide us with the flexibility to pursue a mix of potential new business
opportunities and make investments for our future. 

Logistics Segment Summary.
 For the year ended December 31, 2008, net sales from our Logistics
Business increased 59.5 million, or 20.2 , to 353.4 million, which represented
66.6 of our total net sales. AT T accounted for 64.2 of our
Logistics Business sales in 2008. Sales and growth in our Logistics
segment were largely the result of: (i) the launch and ramp-up of new logistics
programs with TomTom and AT and (ii) increased volumes in our base
business programs with AT T and other Logistics customers. We
continue to benefit from (i) demand for cellular phones and services and
AT T s share of cellular service volume, (ii) upgrades in cellular telephone
technology through increased replacement demand for more advanced handsets, from
any increases in the number of AT T s subscribers, and from any expansion of
our service offerings, and (iii) business initiatives and growth with new
customers such as TomTom. We believe our Logistics Business
represents a key growth opportunity and we are actively pursuing customer
diversification. 

Drivetrain Segment Summary.
 During the later part of 2008, our Drivetrain customers and
the supporting supply base experienced unprecedented distress due to the
significant adverse changes in the North American vehicle industry due to the
economic slowdown. As a result, we have taken actions to restructure
our North American Drivetrain operations, which include the 2009 closure and
consolidation of our operations at our Springfield, Missouri automatic
transmission remanufacturing facility into our existing Company-owned Drivetrain
facility located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The closure of the
Springfield facility is another step in a series of cost-cutting moves that
began in early 2008 and have continued throughout the year to streamline our
North American Drivetrain business. We plan to move production lines
in stages, thereby continuing uninterrupted and seamless delivery of product to
our customers, transferring all current production to Oklahoma City over the
first six months of 2009, to coincide with the expiration of the Springfield
facility lease at the end of 2009. The restructuring includes the
streamlining of both administrative and operations functions to more efficiently
meet the needs of our customers while providing adequate resources to pursue new
opportunities as we work to drive growth in this business. In
connection with this restructuring, we recorded pre-tax charges of 9.7 million 6.1 million net of tax) during the fourth quarter of 2008 and expect to incur
additional pre-tax charges of 5- 6 million 3- 4 million net of tax) in
2009. Upon the completion of the restructuring activities in our
Drivetrain segment, we expect to achieve pre-tax annual cost savings of
approximately 6 million and we have targeted a 10 segment margin for
Drivetrain by the end of 2009. These events have also caused us to
reassess the carrying value of goodwill of our North American Drivetrain
business, and as a result we recorded an impairment charge during fourth quarter
2008 of 79.1 million 56.8 million net of tax, which includes an income tax
benefit of 0.4 million from the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets
primarily related to tax deductible goodwill). 

20 

Table of Contents 

For 2008,
our Drivetrain Business reported net sales of 177.1 million, or 33.4 of our
total net sales. This represented a 24.7 decrease in net sales in 2008 as
compared to 2007, driven largely by reduced volumes with our two primary
Drivetrain customers, Honda and Ford. Our Drivetrain net sales with Honda in
2008 were down 37.3 as compared to 2007, primarily due to the comparatively
higher volumes in 2007 believed to be attributable to an extension of warranty
coverage on certain models. Our net sales with Ford in 2008 were down
23.4 as compared to 2007, driven primarily by lower sales over the last several
years of new vehicles using transmissions we remanufacture. In addition, we
believe that macro-economic factors have resulted in a reduction in miles driven
and the deferral of repairs, thus reducing demand for remanufactured
transmissions. Furthermore, during 2008 our volume related to new
Ford and GM six-speed platforms was low due to depressed new vehicle
sales. 

Financing. During
2008 we generated 38.9 million of cash from operating activities-continuing
operations, completed our stock repurchase program of 50.0 million, and
invested 11.3 million in property, plant and equipment. As of
December 31, 2008, we had no amounts drawn on our 150 million revolving bank
credit facility, 17.2 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, and 149.1
million of borrowing capacity under the credit facility. In February
2009, in order to increase our cash position and preserve our financial
flexibility in light of the current uncertainty in the capital markets, we
borrowed 70 million under the credit facility, lowering our borrowing
capacity to 79.1 million as of February 10, 2009. 

Components
of Income and Expense 

Net
Sales. In our Logistics segment, sales are
primarily related to providing: 

value-added
 warehouse, packaging and distribution
services; 

turnkey
 order fulfillment and information
services; 

test
 and repair services; 

automotive
 electronic components remanufacturing and distribution services;
 and 

returned
 material reclamation, disposition and core management
 services, 

and are
recognized upon completion or performance of those services. In our Drivetrain
segment, we recognize sales primarily from the sale of remanufactured
transmissions at the time of shipment to the customer and, to a lesser extent,
upon the completion or performance of a service. 

Cost of
Sales. Cost of sales represents the actual cost of purchased
components and other materials, direct labor, indirect labor and warehousing
cost and manufacturing overhead costs, including depreciation, utilized directly
in the production of products or performance of services for which sales have
been recognized. 

Selling, General 
Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses generally are those costs not directly related to the
production process or the performance of a service generating sales
and include all selling, marketing, product development and customer service
expenses as well as expenses related to general management, finance and
accounting, information services, human resources, legal, and corporate overhead
expense. 

Amortization of Intangible
Assets. Expense for amortization of intangibles primarily
relates to the amortization of definite lived intangible assets. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Impairment of
Goodwill. These costs occur when we have determined that the
implied fair value of goodwill for a reporting unit is less than its carrying
value or when an individual reporting unit is disposed of. We test
our goodwill assets for impairment on an annual basis or when events or
circumstances would require an immediate review. 

Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance
and Other Charges. We have periodically incurred certain
costs, primarily associated with restructuring and other initiatives that
include consolidation of operations or facilities, management reorganization and
delayering, rationalization of certain products, product lines and services and
asset impairments. In management s opinion these costs are generally
incremental to our ongoing operation and are separated on our statements of
operations in order to improve the clarity of our reported
operations. Examples of these costs include severance benefits for
terminated employees, lease termination and other facility exit costs, moving
and relocation costs, losses on the disposal or impairments of fixed assets,
write-down of certain inventories and certain legal and other professional
fees. The components of these charges are computed based on actual
cash payouts, our estimate of the realizable value of the affected tangible and
intangible assets and estimated exit costs including severance and other
employee benefits. These charges can vary significantly from period
to period and as a result, we may experience fluctuations in our reported net
income (loss) and earnings per share due to the timing of these
actions. See Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data - 
Note 18 for a further discussion of these costs. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
financial statements are based on the selection and application of significant
accounting policies, some of which require management to make estimates and
assumptions regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. We
believe that the following are some of the more critical judgmental areas in the
application of our accounting policies that currently affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts. We
maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from
the failure of our customers to make required payments. We evaluate
the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts and make judgments and
estimates in determining the appropriate allowance at each reporting period
based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customer collection
issues and the length of time a receivable is past due. Since our accounts
receivable are often concentrated in a relatively small number of customers, a
significant change in the liquidity or financial position of any one of these
customers could have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements. Our write-offs were 0.1 million for each of the years
ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006. As of December 31, 2008, we
had 72.9 million of accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts
of 0.5 million. 

Inventory
Valuation. We make adjustments to write down our inventories
for estimated excess and obsolete inventory equal to the difference between the
cost of the inventory and the estimated market value based on assumptions about
market conditions, future demand and expected usage rates. Changes in
economic conditions, customer demand, product introductions or pricing changes
can affect the carrying value of our inventory. Demand for our
products has fluctuated in the past and may do so in the future, which could
result in an increase in excess quantities on hand. If actual market
conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, causing usage
rates to vary from those estimated, additional inventory write-downs may be
required. Although no assurance can be given, these write-downs would
not be expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements. During 2008, as part of the restructuring and
consolidation of our Drivetrain business and changes in the economic and
financial condition of the automotive sector, we revised our estimates of net
realizable value for inventory in our Drivetrain businesses. For the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, we recorded charges for
excess and obsolete inventory of approximately 10.4 million (including 7.3
million classified as exit, disposal, certain severance and other charges), 4.4
million (including 1.4 million classified as exit, disposal, certain severance
and other charges) and 1.7 million, respectively. As of December 31,
2008, we had inventory of 63.3 million, net of a reserve for excess and
obsolete inventory of 6.9 million. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill and Indefinite Lived
Intangible Assets. Our goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets
are tested for impairment on an annual basis unless events or circumstances
would require an immediate review. Goodwill is tested for impairment
at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit, which generally is an
operating segment or a component of an operating segment as defined in paragraph
10 of SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information and paragraph 30 of SFAS No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets . In accordance with paragraph 30 of SFAS No. 142,
certain components of an operating segment with similar economic characteristics
are aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit. Goodwill amounts
are generally allocated to the reporting units based upon the amounts allocated
at the time of their respective acquisition, adjusted for significant transfers
of business between reporting units. The goodwill impairment test is
a two-step process which requires us to make estimates regarding the fair value
of the reporting unit. The first step of the goodwill impairment test, used to
identify potential impairment, compares the fair value of the reporting unit
with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the
reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is
considered not impaired, thus the second step of the impairment test is not
required. However, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is
performed to measure the amount of impairment loss (if any), which compares the
implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that
goodwill. If the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds
the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to
that excess. In estimating the fair value of our reporting units, we
utilize a valuation technique based on multiples of projected cash flow, giving
consideration to unusual items, cost reduction initiatives, new business
initiatives and other factors that generally would be considered in determining
value. Impairments are recorded (i) if the fair value is less than
the carrying value or (ii) when an individual reporting unit is disposed
of. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. If we were to lose a key customer within a
particular operating segment or its sales were to decrease materially,
impairment adjustments that may be required could have a material adverse impact
on our financial statements. Our annual step one impairment tests made as of
September 30, 2008 indicated the fair value of both our North American
Drivetrain and Logistics reporting units exceeded their carrying
value. 

Subsequent
to the impairment tests made as of September 30, 2008, significant adverse
changes in the business climate in the North American vehicle industry occurred
due to the economic slowdown, placing unprecedented distress on our customers
and the supporting supply base. These changes in the business climate
and resulting reduction in our estimate of future revenues for our Drivetrain
business were determined to be indicators of impairment as described in SFAS No.
142 and as such, we conducted an interim step one test for the potential
impairment of the goodwill related to our Drivetrain business. In
estimating the fair value of our North American Drivetrain reporting unit, we
used a weighted average of the income approach and the market
approach. Under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting
unit is estimated based upon the present value of expected future cash
flows. The income approach is dependent on a number of factors
including probability weighted estimates of forecasted revenue and operating
costs, capital spending, working capital requirements, discount rates and other
variables. Under the market approach, we estimated the value of the
reporting unit by comparison to a group of businesses with similar
characteristics whose securities are actively traded in the public
markets. We used peer company multiples of earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and revenues to develop a
weighted average estimate of fair value for the market
approach. The resulting estimate of fair value of the reporting
unit did not exceed its carrying value, requiring us to perform a step two
measurement of the impairment loss. In step two, the implied fair
value of the goodwill is estimated by subtracting the fair value of the
reporting unit s tangible, recorded intangible and unrecorded intangible assets
from the fair value of the reporting unit. The impairment loss, if any, is the
amount by which the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its implied fair
value. As a result of the step two valuation, we recorded a goodwill
impairment charge of 79.1 million in our Drivetrain segment during the fourth
quarter of 2008. 

Our fair
value estimate of goodwill for the North American Drivetrain reporting unit as
of December 31, 2008 was based upon level three inputs, as defined in SFAS
No. 157, Fair Value
Measurements, as unobservable inputs in which there is little or no
market data, which required us to develop our own assumptions as described
above. 

As of
December 31, 2008, the remaining goodwill was recorded at a carrying value of
approximately 53.2 million, of which 37.0 million pertains to the Drivetrain
segment. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Effective
with the filing of this Form 10-K, we have changed our method of applying SFAS
No. 142 by changing the date of our annual goodwill and other indefinite lived
intangibles impairment assessment from the last day of the third quarter to the
first day of the fourth quarter of each year. We believe this change
is preferable due to the timing of our normal business processes for updating
annual and strategic plans, which are finalized each year during the three
months ending December 31. As a result of this change, beginning in
2009, our annual impairment testing procedures will be conducted during the
fourth quarter of each year with the results disclosed in our Annual Report
filed on Form 10-K. This change had no impact on our consolidated financial
statements for 2008. 

Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation
Allowances. Tax law requires items to be included in the tax return at
different times than when these items are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements. As a result, our annual tax rate reflected in
our consolidated financial statements is different than that reported in our tax
return. Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses
that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over
time, such as depreciation expense. These timing differences create
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial
reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The tax rates used
to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the enacted tax rates in
effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. Based on the evaluation of all available information, we
recognize future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the
extent that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than
not. 

We
evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax
assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable income using both historical and
projected future operating results, the reversal of existing temporary
differences, taxable income in prior carry-back years (if permitted) and the
availability of tax planning strategies. A valuation allowance is
required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely
than not that we will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a
deferred tax asset. Our valuation allowances, primarily related to
tax benefits associated with certain state loss carryforwards, were 6.3 million
and 6.4 million as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

Warranty
Liability. We provide an allowance for the estimated cost of
product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. While we engage
in extensive product quality programs and processes, including inspection and
testing at various stages of the remanufacturing process and the testing of each
finished assembly on equipment designed to simulate performance under operating
conditions, our warranty obligation is affected by the number of products sold,
historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and costs per unit and
actual product failure rates. Additionally, we participate in the
tear-down and analysis of returned products with certain of our customers to
assess responsibility for product failures. For the years ended
December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, we (i) recorded charges for estimated warranty
costs for sales made in the respective year of approximately 1.0 million, 1.6
million and 1.3 million, respectively, and (ii) paid and/or settled warranty
claims of approximately 0.7 million, 0.8 million and 1.3 million,
respectively. Should actual product failure rates differ from our
estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability may be
required. Although no assurance can be given, these revisions would
not be expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements. 

Accounting for Stock-Based
Awards. We apply the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS
No. 123R, Share-Based
Payment, and adopted this standard using the modified prospective
transition method. Under the modified prospective method, (i)
compensation expense for share-based awards granted prior to January 1, 2006 was
recognized over the remaining service period using the compensation cost
calculated for pro forma disclosure purposes under SFAS No. 123, and (ii)
compensation expense for all share-based awards granted subsequent to December
31, 2005 are based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the
provisions of SFAS No. 123R. Our stock option valuations are
estimated by using the Black-Scholes option prici ng model
and restricted stock awards are measured at the market value of our common stock
on the date of issuance. During 2008 we awarded (i) our Chairman and
then-Chief Executive Officer 71,275 stock options and 22,231 shares of
restricted stock at the time he entered into a new employment agreement, (ii)
non-employee directors, executive officers and certain employees an aggregate of
187,502 stock options and 88,891 shares of restricted stock as part of an annual
award program, and (iii) newly hired employees and certain executive officers an
aggregate of 30,000 stock options and 29,295 shares of restricted
stock. 

24 

Table of Contents 

Total
estimated compensation of 4.7 million related to stock-based awards granted
during 2008 is being amortized over the requisite service
periods. For all stock-based awards outstanding as of December 31,
2008, we have yet to record, on a pre-tax basis, an estimated total of 4.3
million of compensation expense to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 1.3 years. 

See Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 and Note
10 for additional information related to our accounting for stock-based
awards. 

Segment
Reporting 

We have
two reportable segments: the Logistics segment and the Drivetrain
segment. Our Logistics segment provides value-added warehousing,
packaging and distribution, reverse logistics, turnkey order fulfillment,
electronic equipment testing, and refurbishment and repair services to customers
in the wireless, consumer electronics and automotive industries. The
Logistics segment s primary customers are AT T and TomTom. Our
Drivetrain segment primarily sells remanufactured transmissions to Honda, Ford,
Chrysler, Allison and certain foreign OEMs, primarily for use as replacement
parts by their domestic dealers during the warranty and/or post-warranty periods
following the sale of a vehicle. In addition, the Drivetrain segment
sells select remanufactured engines primarily to certain European
OEMs. 

We
evaluate the performance of each business based upon operating income (segment
profit). Our reportable segments are each managed and measured
separately primarily due to the differing customers and distribution
channels. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth financial statement data expressed in millions of
dollars and as a percentage of net sales. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net
 sales 

530.6 

100.0 

529.2 
 
 100.0 

497.9 

100.0 

Gross
 profit (1) 

114.6 

21.6 

137.4 
 
 26.0 

105.4 

21.2 

SG A
 expense 

57.0 

10.7 

61.0 
 
 11.5 

48.9 

9.8 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

79.1 

14.9 

14.6 

2.9 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges (1) 

11.0 

2.1 

3.4 
 
 0.6 

1.9 

0.4 

Operating
 income (loss) 

(25.1) 
 
 (4.7) 

74.8 
 
 14.1 

39.8 

8.0 

Interest
 income 

0.6 

0.1 

1.1 
 
 0.2 

0.6 

0.1 

Other
 income, net 

0.1 

0.3 

Write-off
 of debt issuance costs 

(1.7) 
 
 (0.3) 

Interest
 expense 

(0.7) 
 
 (0.1) 

(1.0) 
 (0.2) 

(4.3) 
 
 (0.9) 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

(22.7) 
 
 (4.3) 

47.1 
 
 8.9 

21.7 

4.4 

_______________ 

(1) 

Includes
 charges in our Drivetrain segment classified as cost of sales in the
 consolidated statements of operations of (i) 7.6 million for
 restructuring activities recorded in 2008 and (ii) 2.0 million primarily
 related to the wind-down of activities with certain low-volume customers
 in 2007. 

25 

Table of Contents 

Year
Ended December 31, 2008 Compared to Year Ended December 31,
2007 

Income
(loss) from continuing operations decreased to a loss of 22.7 million in 2008
from income of 47.1 million in 2007. In 2008 we reported a loss
from continuing operations of 1.09 per share as compared to income from
continuing operations per diluted share of 2.13 in 2007. Our results
for 2008 included (i) a goodwill impairment charge of 56.8 million (net of tax)
in our Drivetrain segment, which includes an income tax benefit of 0.4 million
from the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets primarily related to tax
deductible goodwill, and restructuring charges of 6.1 million (net of tax)
related to our Drivetrain segment s North American operations which includes the
closure of our plant in Springfield, Missouri and consolidation of its
operations into our facility in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and (ii) other exit,
disposal, certain severance and other charges of 0.8 million (net of tax)
primarily related to certain cost reduction activities. Our results
for 2007 included exit, disposal, certain severance and other charges of 2.1
million (net of tax). Other factors which contributed to the lower
income (loss) from continuing operations in 2008 as compared to 2007
included: 

a
 decrease in sales to GM primarily due to higher sales in 2007 from an
 automotive electronics upgrade program that was substantially completed at
 the end of the first quarter of
2008; 

lower
 volumes of Honda remanufactured transmissions for warranty applications
 compared to higher volumes in 2007 believed to be attributable to an
 extension of warranty coverage on certain
 models; 

scheduled
 price concessions to certain customers in our Logistics and Drivetrain
 segments granted in connection with previous contract
 renewals; 

lower
 volumes of Ford remanufactured transmissions resulting from lower sales
 over the last several years of new vehicles using transmissions we
 remanufacture, resulting in a reduction in the population of Ford vehicles
 in the zero-to-eight-year age category, which category we believe drives
 the majority of demand for our Ford
products; 

lower
 volumes of Chrysler remanufactured transmissions due to Chrysler s
 decision not to use remanufactured transmissions for warranty
 repairs generally for model years 2003 and later, resulting
 in one less model year being in our warranty program each year (however,
 certain transmission models we remanufacture or programs we have been
 awarded have recently been approved by Chrysler for use in its warranty
 program); and 

macro-economic
 factors believed to have resulted in a reduction in the number of miles
 driven and the deferral of repairs, thus reducing overall demand for
 remanufactured transmissions in our Drivetrain
 segment; 

partially
offset by: 

the
 launch and ramp-up of new logistics programs with TomTom and
 AT 

increased
 volumes in our base business programs with AT T and other customers in
 our Logistics segment; and 

benefits
 from our on-going lean and continuous improvement program and other cost
 reduction initiatives and a reduction in cost for incentive compensation
 programs. 

Net
Sales 

Net sales
increased 1.4 million, or 0.3 , to 530.6 million for 2008 from 529.2 million
for 2007. This increase was primarily due to: 

the
 launch and ramp-up of new logistics programs with TomTom and AT 
 and 

26 

Table of Contents 

increased
 volumes in our base business programs with AT T and other customers in
 our Logistics segment; 

partially
offset by: 

lower
 volumes of Honda remanufactured transmissions for warranty applications
 compared to higher volumes in 2007 believed to be attributable to an
 extension of warranty coverage on certain
 models; 

a
 decrease in sales to GM primarily due to higher sales in 2007 from an
 automotive electronics upgrade program that was substantially completed at
 the end of the first quarter of
2008; 

lower
 volumes of Ford remanufactured transmissions resulting from lower sales
 over the last several years of new vehicles using transmissions we
 remanufacture, resulting in a reduction in the population of Ford vehicles
 in the zero-to-eight-year age category, which category we believe drives
 the majority of demand for our Ford
products; 

a
 decline in Nokia revenues due to the termination of a test and repair
 program in June 2007; 

scheduled
 price concessions to certain customers in our Logistics segment granted in
 connection with previous contract
renewals; 

lower
 volumes of Chrysler remanufactured transmissions due to Chrysler s
 decision not to use remanufactured transmissions for warranty
 repairs generally for model years 2003 and later, resulting
 in one less model year being in our warranty program each year (however,
 certain transmission models we remanufacture or programs we have been
 awarded have been approved by Chrysler for use in its warranty program);
 and 

macro-economic
 factors believed to have resulted in a reduction in the number of miles
 driven and the deferral of repairs, thus reducing overall demand for
 remanufactured transmissions in our Drivetrain
 segment. 

Of our
net sales for 2008 and 2007, AT T accounted for 42.8 and 36.9 , TomTom
accounted for 13.8 and 3.1 , Ford accounted for 11.0 and 14.3 , and Honda
accounted for 9.8 and 15.7 , respectively. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit decreased 22.8 million, or 16.6 , to 114.6 million for 2008
from 137.4 million for 2007. In addition, gross profit as a
percentage of net sales decreased to 21.6 for 2008 from 26.0 for
2007. The decrease was primarily the result of (i) 7.6 million of
exit, disposal, certain severance and other charges (described below) in 2008,
(ii) reduced operating leverage in our Drivetrain segment, (iii) a decrease in
sales to GM primarily due to higher sales in 2007 from an automotive electronics
upgrade program that was substantially completed at the end of the first quarter
of 2008, and (iv) scheduled price concessions to certain customers in our
Logistics and Drivetrain segments granted in connection with previous contract
renewals, partially offset by benefits from our on-going lean and continuous
improvement program and other cost reduction initiatives. 

SG A
Expense 

SG A
expense decreased 4.0 million, or 6.6 , to 57.0 million for 2008 from 61.0
million for 2007. The net decrease is primarily the result of
benefits from our on-going lean and continuous improvement program and other
cost reduction initiatives and a reduction in cost for incentive compensation
programs, partially offset by an increase in costs associated with revenue
growth in our Logistics segment. As a percentage of net sales,
SG A expense decreased to 10.7 for 2008 from 11.5 for 2007. 

27 

Table of Contents 

Impairment
of Goodwill 

Our
annual evaluation of goodwill made as of September 30, 2008, as required by SFAS
No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, resulted in no impairment to goodwill. 

However,
subsequent to the impairment tests made as of September 30, 2008, significant
adverse changes in the business climate in the North American vehicle industry
occurred due to the economic slowdown, placing unprecedented distress on our
customers and the supporting supply base. This change in the business
climate triggered an interim test for the potential impairment of goodwill
related to our Drivetrain business. As a result, we concluded that
the fair value of this reporting unit no longer supported the recorded goodwill,
thus we recorded a goodwill impairment charge in our Drivetrain segment during
the fourth quarter of 2008 of 79.1 million 56.8 million net of tax, which
includes an income tax benefit of 0.4 million from the revaluation of certain
deferred tax assets primarily related to tax deductible goodwill). 

Exit,
Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges 

During
2008, we recorded 11.0 million 6.9 million net of tax) of exit, disposal,
certain severance and other charges which included: 

9.7
 million 6.1 million net of tax) related to the restructuring activities
 in our Drivetrain segment s North American operations which includes the
 closure of our plant in Springfield, Missouri and consolidation of its
 operations into our facility in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, comprised of (i)
 7.3 million 4.6 million net of tax) for the write-down of raw materials
 inventory, including the disposal of 6.6 million, due to the
 determination of excess quantities of raw materials on hand as a result of
 the recent decline in volume and the consolidation of facilities
 (classified as cost of sales), (ii) 1.9 million 1.2 million net of tax)
 of severance and related costs, (iii) 0.3 million 0.2 million net of
 tax) of costs related to fixed asset disposals (classified as cost of
 sales), and (iv) 0.2 million 0.1 million net of tax) of other plant
 consolidation costs; and 

1.3
 million 0.8 million net of tax) of costs primarily related to severance
 and related benefits for certain cost reduction
 activities. 

During
2009, we expect to incur additional pre-tax charges of 5- 6 million related to
the Drivetrain restructuring activities primarily associated with the (i)
transfer of production from the Springfield facility to the Oklahoma City
facility and other facility exit costs, (ii) severance and related costs for
employees to be terminated as production lines are moved between the facilities,
and (iii) costs to accelerate the depreciation of certain fixed
assets. Upon the completion of these restructuring activities in our
Drivetrain segment, we expect to achieve pre-tax annual cost savings of
approximately 6 million. 

During
2007, we recorded 3.4 million 2.1 million net of tax) of exit, disposal,
certain severance and other charges which included (i) 1.4 million 0.9
million net of tax) for the write-down of raw materials inventory related to the
wind-down of activities with certain low-volume customers (classified as cost of
sales), (ii) 0.7 million 0.5 million net of tax) of severance and other costs
primarily related to certain management upgrades and cost reduction activities,
(iii) 0.7 million 0.4 million net of tax) of certain legal and other
professional fees unrelated to our ongoing operations, and (iv) 0.6 million 0.3 million net of tax) of costs primarily related to fixed asset disposals
related to the exit from a leased facility, a change in the estimated useful
life of certain fixed assets, and to a lesser extent the disposal of certain
fixed assets related to the wind-down of activities with certain low-volume
customers (classified as cost of sales). 

As an
on-going part of our planning process, we continue to identify and evaluate
areas where cost efficiencies can be achieved through consolidation of redundant
facilities, outsourcing functions or changing processes or
systems. Implementation of any of these could require us to incur
additional costs of a nature described above, which would be offset over time by
the resulting cost savings. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Operating
Income (Loss) 

Operating
income (loss) decreased to a loss of 25.1 million for 2008 from income of 74.8
million for 2007. This net decrease was primarily due to the 79.1
million goodwill impairment charge recorded in 2008, coupled with the factors
described above under Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges and
 Gross Profit. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income decreased 0.5 million, or 45.5 , to 0.6 million for 2008 from 1.1
million for 2007. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower cash balances
invested in cash and equivalents during 2008 as compared to 2007. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense decreased 0.3 million, or 30.0 , to 0.7 million for 2008
from 1.0 million for 2007. This decrease was primarily due to a
slightly lower debt outstanding in 2008 as compared to 2007. As of
December 31, 2008, there were no borrowings outstanding under our credit
facility. As of February 10, 2009, there was 70.0 million
outstanding under our credit facility. 

Income
Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Our
income tax benefit of 2.4 million for 2008 included tax benefits of 22.4
million primarily related to the goodwill impairment charge of 79.1 million, of
which 17.8 million is nondeductible. The normalized effective income
tax rate for 2008 was approximately 36.9 , as compared to 37.2 for
2007. Based upon our current estimate of taxable income by state and
currently enacted laws, we expect an effective income tax rate of approximately
38.0 for 2009. 

Discontinued
Operations 

During
2008 and 2007 we recorded after-tax losses from discontinued operations of 2.5
million and 7.5 million, respectively. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2008, we concluded that the potential return on
the investment for our NuVinci CVP project was not sufficient to continue
development activities. As a result, we sold certain tangible and
intangible assets related to the NuVinci project to Fallbrook Technologies Inc.
for a total of 6.1 million. The after-tax loss of 2.5 million from 2008 is
primarily related to our discontinued NuVinci CVP project. On a
pre-tax basis, the loss of 4.3 million included 2.4 million of operating
losses from NuVinci and a charge of 1.9 million related to the exit from this
project, which included charges of (i) 1.0 million for termination benefits,
(ii) 0.5 million for certain inventory deemed unusable by Fallbrook, (iii) 0.2
million primarily related to the write-off of capitalized patent development
costs, and (iv) 0.2 million related to the disposal of certain fixed
assets. 

For 2007,
the after-tax loss of 7.5 million included (i) 7.1 million related to the
operating results of the NuVinci project, and (ii) 0.4 million related to the
run-out of warranty claims in our discontinued Independent Aftermarket
businesses. 

See Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15 for a further
discussion of these charges. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Reportable
Segments 

Logistics
Segment 

The
following table presents net sales and segment profit expressed in millions of
dollars and as a percentage of net sales: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Net
 sales 

353.4 
 
 100.0 

293.9 
 
 100.0 

Segment
 profit 

56.2 
 
 15.9 

45.0 
 
 15.3 

Net Sales. Net
sales increased 59.5 million, or 20.2 , to 353.4 million for 2008
from 293.9 million for 2007. This increase was primarily
related to: 

the
 launch and ramp-up of new programs with TomTom and AT 
 and 

increased
 volumes in our base business programs with AT T and other
 customers; 

partially
offset by: 

a
 decline in sales to GM primarily due to higher sales in 2007 from an
 automotive electronics upgrade program that was substantially completed at
 the end of the first quarter of
2008; 

a
 decline in Nokia revenues due to the termination of a test and repair
 program in June 2007; and 

scheduled
 price concessions granted to a customer in connection with previous
 contract renewals. 

Of our
segment net sales for 2008 and 2007, AT T accounted for 64.2 and 66.4 ,
TomTom accounted for 20.8 and 5.6 and GM accounted for 3.4 and
12.2 , respectively. 

Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance
and Other Charges . During 2008, we recorded 0.3 million of
these costs for severance related to cost reduction activities and the
reorganization of certain functions within the segment s information technology
group. These costs were nominal in 2007. 

Segment
Profit . Segment profit increased 11.2 million, or 24.9 ,
to 56.2 million (15.9 of segment net sales) for 2008 from 45.0 million
(15.3 of segment net sales) for 2007. The increase was primarily the
result of the factors described above under Net Sales and benefits of our lean
and continuous improvement program and other cost reduction initiatives,
partially offset by scheduled price concessions granted to a customer in
connection with previous contract renewals. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Drivetrain
Segment 

The
following table presents net sales, impairment of goodwill, exit, disposal,
certain severance and other charges, and segment profit (loss) expressed in
millions of dollars and as a percentage of net sales: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Net
 sales 

177.1 

100.0 

235.3 
 
 100.0 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

79.1 

44.7 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

10.7 

6.0 

3.4 
 
 1.4 

Segment
 (loss)
 profit 

(81.3) 

29.7 
 
 12.6 

Net Sales. Net
sales decreased 58.2 million, or 24.7 , to 177.1 million for 2008
from 235.3 million for 2007. The decrease was primarily due
to: 

lower
 volumes of Honda remanufactured transmissions for warranty applications
 compared to higher volumes in 2007 believed to be attributable to an
 extension of warranty coverage on certain
 models; 

lower
 volumes of Ford remanufactured transmissions resulting from lower sales
 over the last several years of new vehicles using transmissions we
 remanufacture, resulting in a reduction in the population of Ford vehicles
 in the zero-to-eight-year age category, which category we believe drives
 the majority of demand for our Ford
products; 

lower
 volumes of Chrysler remanufactured transmissions due to Chrysler s
 decision not to use remanufactured transmissions for warranty
 repairs generally for model years 2003 and later, resulting
 in one less model year being in our warranty program each year (however,
 certain transmission models we remanufacture or programs we have been
 awarded have been approved by Chrysler for use in its warranty program);
 and 

macro-economic
 factors believed to have resulted in a reduction in the number of miles
 driven and the deferral of repairs, thus reducing overall demand for
 remanufactured transmissions. 

Of our
segment net sales for 2008 and 2007, Ford accounted for 32.8 and 32.3 and
Honda accounted for 29.4 and 35.3 , respectively. 

Impairment of
Goodwill. During the fourth quarter of 2008, significant
adverse changes in the business climate in the North American vehicle industry
occurred due to the economic slowdown, placing unprecedented distress on our
customers and the supporting supply base. This change in the business
climate triggered an interim test for the potential impairment of goodwill
related to our Drivetrain business. As a result, we concluded that the fair
value of this reporting unit no longer supported the assigned goodwill and
recorded a goodwill impairment charge during the fourth quarter of 2008 of 79.1
million 56.8 million net of tax, which includes an income tax benefit of 0.4
million from the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets primarily related to
tax deductible goodwill). There were no similar costs recorded in
2007. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance
and Other Charges . During 2008, we recorded 10.7 million of
these costs which included: 

9.7
 million related to the restructuring activities in our North American
 operations which includes the closure of our plant in Springfield,
 Missouri and consolidation of its operations into our facility in Oklahoma
 City, Oklahoma, comprised of (i) 7.3 million for the write-down of raw
 materials inventories due to the determination of excess quantities of raw
 materials on hand as a result of the recent decline in volume and the
 consolidation of facilities, (ii) 1.9 million of severance and related
 costs, (iii) 0.3 million of costs related to fixed asset disposals, and
 (iv) 0.2 million of other plant consolidation costs;
 and 

1.0
 million of costs primarily related to severance and related benefits for
 certain cost reduction activities. 

During
2009, we expect to incur additional pre-tax charges of 5- 6 million related to
the restructuring activities primarily associated with the (i) transfer of
production from the Springfield facility to the Oklahoma City facility and other
facility exit costs, (ii) severance and related costs for employees to be
terminated as production lines are moved between the facilities, and (iii) costs
to accelerate the depreciation of certain fixed assets. Upon the
completion of these restructuring activities, we expect to achieve pre-tax
annual cost savings of approximately 6 million and we have targeted a 10 
segment margin by the end of 2009. 

During
2007, we recorded 3.4 million of these costs consisting of (i) 1.4 million for
the write-down of raw materials inventory related to the wind-down of activities
with certain low-volume customers, (ii) 0.7 million of certain legal and other
professional fees unrelated to ongoing operating activities of the segment,
(iii) 0.7 million of severance and other costs primarily related to certain
management upgrades and cost reduction activities, and (iv) 0.6 million
primarily related to fixed asset disposals related to the exit from a leased
facility, a change in the estimated useful life of certain fixed assets, and to
a lesser extent the disposal of certain fixed assets related to the wind-down of
activities with certain low-volume customers. 

Segment (Loss)
Profit . Segment (loss) profit decreased to a loss of 81.3
million for 2008 from a profit of 29.7 million (12.6 of segment net
sales) for 2007. The decrease was primarily due to the factors
described above under Impairment of Goodwill and Exit, Disposal, Certain
Severance and Other Charges. Excluding these costs, the decrease in segment
profit in 2008 as compared to 2007 was primarily the result of the negative
operating leverage experienced as volumes declined due to the factors described
above under Net Sales. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2007 Compared to Year Ended December 31,
2006 

Income
from continuing operations increased 25.4 million, or 117.1 , to 47.1 million
in 2007 from 21.7 million in 2006. Income from continuing operations
per diluted share was 2.13 in 2007 as compared to 0.99 in
2006. Our results for 2007 included exit, disposal, certain severance
and other charges of 2.1 million (net of tax). Our results for 2006
included (i) goodwill impairment charges of 9.9 million (net of tax), related
to our Drivetrain segment s United Kingdom-based operation and our Logistics
segment s automotive materials reclamation business, (ii) exit, disposal,
certain severance and other charges of 1.2 million (net of tax), and (iii) a
charge of 1.1 million (net of tax) related to the write-off of deferred debt
issuance costs associated with the early termination of a credit
facility. Other factors which caused income from continuing
operations to increase in 2007 as compared to 2006 included: 

growth
 in our Logistics segment, primarily related to increases in our programs
 with GM (primarily an automotive electronics upgrade program that was
 substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of 2008), TomTom,
 SonyEricsson, LG, T-Mobile, TiVo and a favorable mix of services in our
 base business with AT 

a
 reduction in interest expense and a corresponding increase in interest
 income in 2007 as compared to 2006 primarily due to a reduction in total
 debt outstanding and an increase in cash and cash
 equivalents; 

32 

Table of Contents 

recovery
 from the costs in our Logistics segment incurred during 2006 associated
 with the vertical integration of a test and repair program for Nokia that
 had been previously outsourced and was subsequently terminated in
 2007; 

recovery
 from the costs in our Logistics segment incurred during 2006 associated
 with the launch of a new test and repair program in a new
 market; 

increased
 volumes of Ford remanufactured transmissions compared to lower sales in
 2006 that were due to inventory reductions in Ford s distribution channel
 during the first half of 2006; 

increased
 volumes of Honda remanufactured transmissions believed to be associated
 with an extension of the warranty period for certain models, the impact of
 which substantially ended during the third quarter of 2007;
 and 

benefits
 from our on-going lean and continuous improvement program and other cost
 reduction initiatives, 

partially
offset by: 

scheduled
 price concessions to certain customers in our Logistics and Drivetrain
 segments granted in connection with previous contract renewals;
 and 

lower
 volumes of Chrysler remanufactured transmissions due to Chrysler s
 decision not to use remanufactured transmissions for warranty
 repairs generally for model years 2003 and later, resulting
 in one less model year being in our warranty program each
 year. 

Net
Sales 

Net sales
increased 31.3 million, or 6.3 , to 529.2 million for 2007 from 497.9 million
for 2006. This increase was primarily due to: 

growth
 in our Logistics segment, primarily related to increases in our programs
 with GM (primarily an automotive electronics upgrade program that was
 substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of 2008), TomTom,
 SonyEricsson, LG, T-Mobile and
TiVo; 

increased
 volumes of Ford remanufactured transmissions compared to lower sales in
 2006 that were due to inventory reductions in Ford s distribution channel
 during the first half of 2006; and 

increased
 volumes of Honda remanufactured transmissions believed to be associated
 with the extension of the warranty period for certain models, the impact
 of which substantially ended during the third quarter of
 2007, 

partially
offset by: 

a
 decline in Nokia revenues due to the termination of a test and repair
 program in June 2007, partially offset by revenue from additional new
 programs with Nokia; 

a
 reduction in sales to AT T primarily resulting from a reduced mix of
 component repair parts passed through our test and repair
 services; 

lower
 volumes of Chrysler remanufactured transmissions due to Chrysler s
 decision not to use remanufactured transmissions for warranty
 repairs generally for model years 2003 and later, resulting
 in one less model year being in our warranty program each
 year; 

33 

Table of Contents 

scheduled
 price concessions to certain customers in our Logistics and Drivetrain
 segments granted in connection with previous contract renewals;
 and 

lower
 sales for medium/heavy duty remanufactured transmissions in our Drivetrain
 segment with Allison primarily resulting from a reduction in the cost of
 component parts passed through the remanufacturing
 process. 

Of our
net sales for 2007 and 2006, AT T accounted for 36.9 and 41.8 , Honda
accounted for 15.7 and 15.6 and Ford accounted for 14.3 and 13.8 ,
respectively. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit increased 32.0 million, or 30.4 , to 137.4 million for 2007
from 105.4 million for 2006. The increase was primarily the
result of the factors described above under Net Sales, combined with a
recovery from the vertical integration and program launch costs incurred in our
Logistics segment in 2006, and benefits from our on-going lean and continuous
improvement program and other cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by
scheduled price concessions granted to certain customers in connection with
previous contract renewals. 

Gross
profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 26.0 for 2007 from 21.2 for
2006. This increase was primarily due to a favorable mix of services
in our Logistics segment (including the automotive electronics upgrade program
that was substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of 2008),
recovery from the vertical integration and program launch costs incurred in our
Logistics segment in 2006, operating leverage from increased volume in our
Drivetrain segment, benefits from our on-going lean and continuous improvement
program and other cost reduction initiatives, and a favorable resolution to all
receivable and inventory issues associated with the termination of a test and
repair program. 

SG A
Expense 

SG A
expense increased 12.1 million, or 24.7 , to 61.0 million for 2007 from 48.9
million for 2006. The net increase was primarily the result of an
increase in (i) costs for incentive compensation programs and (ii) costs
associated with revenue growth in our Logistics segment, partially offset by
benefits from our on-going lean and continuous improvement program and other
cost reduction initiatives. As a percentage of net sales, SG A
expense increased to 11.5 for 2007 from 9.8 for 2006. 

Impairment
of Goodwill 

Our
annual evaluation of goodwill made as of September 30, 2007, as required by SFAS
No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, resulted in no impairment to goodwill. 

During
2006, our annual evaluation of goodwill resulted in goodwill impairment charges
of 11.7 million related to the United Kingdom-based Drivetrain remanufacturing
operation and 2.9 million related to the Logistics segment s automotive
materials reclamation operation. Because key new business
opportunities considered in our 2005 assessment for both of these reporting
units did not materialize, and other near-term growth opportunities were
considered limited, we concluded that the fair value of these reporting units no
longer supported the assigned goodwill. 

34 

Table of Contents 

Exit,
Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges 

During
2007, we recorded 3.4 million 2.1 million net of tax) of exit, disposal,
certain severance and other charges which included (i) 1.4 million 0.9
million net of tax) for the write-down of raw materials inventory related to the
wind-down of activities with certain low-volume customers (classified as cost of
sales), (ii) 0.7 million 0.5 million net of tax) of severance and other costs
primarily related to certain management upgrades and cost reduction activities,
(iii) 0.7 million 0.4 million net of tax) of certain legal and other
professional fees unrelated to our ongoing operations, and (iv) 0.6 million 0.3 million net of tax) of costs primarily related to fixed asset disposals
related to the exit from a leased facility, a change in the estimated useful
life of certain fixed assets, and to a lesser extent the disposal of certain
fixed assets related to the wind-down of activities with certain low-volume
customers (classified as cost of sales). 

During
2006, we recorded 1.9 million 1.2 million net of tax) of exit, disposal,
certain severance and other charges consisting of (i) 1.1 million 0.7 million
net of tax) for severance and related costs associated with cost reduction
activities and the reorganization and upgrade of certain management functions,
(ii) 0.5 million 0.3 million net of tax) for due diligence and other costs
related to potential acquisitions that we ultimately decided not to pursue, and
(iii) 0.3 million 0.2 million net of tax) of costs for asset retirement
obligations we may be contractually obligated to perform in order to restore
certain leased facilities to a condition specified in the lease
agreement. 

Operating
Income 

Operating
income increased 35.0 million, or 87.9 , to 74.8 million for 2007 from 39.8
million for 2006. This net increase was primarily due to the 14.6
million of goodwill impairment charges recorded in 2006, coupled with the
factors described above under Net Sales, Gross Profit and Selling, General
and Administrative Expense. As a percentage of net sales, operating
income increased to 14.1 from 8.0 . 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income increased 0.5 million, or 83.3 , to 1.1 million for 2007 from 0.6
million for 2006. The increase was primarily attributable to higher cash
balances invested in cash and equivalents during 2007 as compared to
2006. 

Write-Off
of Debt Issuance Costs 

During
2006, we paid the balance outstanding under a credit facility and terminated the
related credit and security agreements. As a result, we recorded a
non-cash charge of 1.7 million during 2006 to write off deferred debt issuance
costs associated with this facility. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense decreased 3.3 million, or 76.7 , to 1.0 million for 2007
from 4.3 million for 2006. This decrease was primarily due to a
reduction in total debt outstanding in 2007 as compared to 2006. As
of December 31, 2007, there were no borrowings outstanding under our credit
facility. 

Income
Tax Expense 

Income
tax expense as a percentage of income from continuing operations decreased
slightly to 37.2 for 2007, from 37.5 for 2006. 

Discontinued
Operations 

During
2007 and 2006 we recorded after-tax losses from discontinued operations of 7.5
million and 13.6 million, respectively. 

35 

Table of Contents 

For 2007,
the after-tax loss of 7.5 million included (i) 7.1 million related to the
operating results of our NuVinci project, and (ii) 0.4 million related to the
run-out of warranty claims in our discontinued Independent Aftermarket
businesses. 

The loss
from 2006 included after-tax charges of (i) 9.7 million for the discontinued
Independent Aftermarket businesses, and (ii) 3.9 million related to the
operating results of the NuVinci project. On a pre-tax basis, this loss for the
discontinued Independent Aftermarket businesses included 1.6 million of losses
from the operations of these businesses during 2006 along with charges related
to the closure and sale of these businesses of (i) 9.8 million of inventory
write-downs, (ii) 1.4 million for the impairment of goodwill, (iii) 0.8
million of fixed asset impairment charges, (iv) 0.7 million of severance costs,
(v) 0.4 million related to the write-down of accounts receivable, and (vi) 0.2
million of other costs primarily related to a settlement with a
customer. 

The loss
from 2006 also includes 0.1 million for certain workers compensation claims at
our previously discontinued Drivetrain operation located in Gastonia, North
Carolina, offset by a gain of 0.1 million for a change in estimated costs
related to the sale of our former Distribution Group business, which we sold in
2000. 

See Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15 for a further
discussion of these charges. 

Reportable
Segments 

Logistics
Segment 

The
following table presents net sales and segment profit expressed in millions of
dollars and as a percentage of net sales: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Net
 sales 

293.9 
 
 100.0 

263.4 
 
 100.0 

Segment
 profit 

45.0 
 
 15.3 

24.4 
 
 9.3 

Net Sales. Net
sales increased 30.5 million, or 11.6 , to 293.9 million for 2007
from 263.4 million for 2006. This increase was primarily
related to increases in our programs with GM (primarily an automotive
electronics upgrade program that was substantially completed by the end of the
first quarter of 2008), TomTom, SonyEricsson, LG, T-Mobile and TiVo, partially
offset by: 

a
 reduction of sales to AT T primarily resulting from a reduced mix of
 component repair parts passed through our test and repair
 services; 

a
 decline in Nokia revenues due to the termination of a test and repair
 program in June 2007, partially offset by revenue from additional new
 programs with Nokia; and 

scheduled
 price concessions granted to a customer in connection with a previous
 contract renewal. 

Of our
segment net sales for 2007 and 2006, AT T accounted for 66.4 and 79.1 and
GM accounted for 12.2 and 2.7 , respectively. 

Impairment of
Goodwill . During 2006, our annual evaluation of goodwill as
required by SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible As sets, resulted in a charge of
 2.9 million for the impairment of goodwill assigned to our automotive materials
reclamation operation. There were no similar costs recorded in
2007. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance
and Other Charges . During 2006, we recorded 0.5 million
of these costs for severance and related costs associated with the
reorganization and upgrade of certain management functions and costs related to
a potential acquisition that we ultimately decided not to
pursue. These costs were nominal in 2007. 

Segment
Profit . Segment profit increased 20.6 million, or 84.4 ,
to 45.0 million (15.3 of segment net sales) for 2007 from 24.4 million
(9.3 of segment net sales) for 2006. The increase was primarily the
result of the factors described above under Net Sales and Impairment of
Goodwill combined with a favorable mix of services (including the automotive
electronics upgrade program that was substantially completed by the end of the
first quarter of 2008), recovery from the vertical integration and program
launch costs incurred in our Logistics segment in 2006, a favorable resolution
to all receivable and inventory issues associated with the termination of a test
and repair program, and benefits of our lean and continuous improvement program
and other cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by scheduled price
concessions granted to a customer in connection with a previous contract renewal
and an increase in costs for incentive compensation programs. 

Drivetrain
Segment 

The
following table presents net sales and segment profit expressed in millions of
dollars and as a percentage of net sales: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Net
 sales 

235.3 
 
 100.0 

234.5 
 
 100.0 

Segment
 profit 

29.7 
 
 12.6 

15.4 
 
 6.6 

Net Sales. Net
sales increased 0.8 million, or 0.3 , to 235.3 million for 2007 from
 234.5 million for 2006. The increase was primarily due
to: 

increased
 volumes of Ford remanufactured transmissions compared to lower sales in
 2006 that were due to inventory reductions in Ford s distribution channel
 during the first half of 2006; and 

increased
 volumes of Honda remanufactured transmissions believed to be associated
 with the extension of the warranty period for certain models, the impact
 of which substantially ended during the third quarter of
 2007, 

partially
offset by: 

lower
 volumes of Chrysler remanufactured transmissions due to Chrysler s
 decision not to use remanufactured transmissions for warranty
 repairs generally for model years 2003 and later, resulting
 in one less model year being in our warranty program each
 year; 

lower
 sales for medium/heavy duty remanufactured transmissions with Allison
 primarily resulting from a reduction in the cost of component parts passed
 through the remanufacturing process;
 and 

scheduled
 price concessions granted to certain customers in connection with previous
 contract renewals. 

Of our
segment net sales for 2007 and 2006, Honda accounted for 35.3 and 33.1 , Ford
accounted for 32.3 and 29.3 and Chrysler accounted for 12.5 and 15.6 ,
respectively. 

37 

Table of Contents 

Impairment of Goodwill . During 2006, our
annual evaluation of goodwill as required by SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets resulted in a charge of 11.7 million for the impairment of
goodwill assigned to our United Kingdom-based remanufacturing
operation. There were no similar costs recorded in 2007. 

Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance
and Other Charges . During, 2007, we recorded 3.4 million of
these costs consisting of (i) 1.4 million for the write-down of raw materials
inventory related to the wind-down of activities with certain low-volume
customers, (ii) 0.7 million of certain legal and other professional fees
unrelated to ongoing operating activities of the segment, (iii) 0.7 million of
severance and other costs primarily related to certain management upgrades and
cost reduction activities, (iv) 0.6 million primarily related to fixed asset
disposals related to the exit from a leased facility, a change in the estimated
useful life of certain fixed assets, and to a lesser extent the disposal of
certain fixed assets related to the wind-down of activities with certain
low-volume customers. During 2006, we recorded 1.5 million of
these costs consisting primarily of 1.0 million for severance and related costs
associated with cost reduction activities and the reorganization of certain
management functions, as well as (i) costs related to a potential acquisition
that we ultimately decided not to pursue and (ii) costs for asset retirement
obligations we are contractually obligated to perform in order to restore
certain leased facilities back to a condition specified in the lease
agreement. 

Segment
Profit . Segment profit increased 14.3 million, or 92.9 , to
 29.7 million (12.6 of segment net sales) for 2007 from 15.4 million
(6.6 of segment net sales) for 2006. This resulted primarily from
the factors described above under Net Sales and Impairment of Goodwill, 
operating leverage from increased volumes, and benefits resulting from our lean
and continuous improvement program and other cost reductions, partially offset
by increased Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash Flow Capital
Expenditures 

We had
total cash and cash equivalents on hand of 17.2 million at December 31,
2008. Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing
operations was 38.9 million in 2008. During the period, we used
 23.7 million of cash from our working capital accounts including: 

2.9
 million for accounts receivable primarily as a result of (i) increased
 volume in our Logistics segment, partially offset by lower volumes in our
 Drivetrain segment, and (ii) the impact of a large customer payment that
 was due in January 2008 but was received in the fourth quarter of 2007,
 thereby lowering our receivables balance as of December 31,
 2007; 

8.4
 million for inventories primarily related to the launch and ramp-up of new
 programs in our Logistics segment, partially offset by reductions in our
 Drivetrain segment; 

10.3
 million for accounts payable and accrued expenses, which included the use
 of 9.4 million in cash for payments of our 2007 incentive compensation;
 and 

2.1
 million for prepaid and other
assets. 

Net cash
used in investing activities from continuing operations was 13.8 million for
the year, which included 11.3 million of capital spending primarily related to
machinery and equipment for new business initiatives and capacity maintenance
efforts and 2.5 million of net purchases of available-for-sale securities for
our nonqualified deferred compensation plan. Net cash used in
financing activities of 50.3 million was primarily related to open market
repurchases of our common stock made during 2008. 

For 2009,
we estimate 12- 15 million for capital expenditures, consisting of
approximately 6- 8 million in support of new business and capacity expansion
initiatives in both our Logistics and Drivetrain segments and approximately
 6- 7 million in support of maintenance and cost reduction
initiatives. 

38 

Table of Contents 

For 2009,
we expect our effective tax rate to be 38.0 . 

Financing 

On March
21, 2006, we entered into a credit agreement and a related security agreement
with certain banks. This credit agreement provides for a 150.0 million
revolving credit facility available through March 2011. This
agreement also provides for the ability to increase the facility size by up to
 75.0 million in the aggregate, subject to certain conditions (including the
receipt from one or more lenders of the additional commitments that may be
requested) and achievement of certain financial ratios. Amounts
advanced under the credit facility are guaranteed by all of our domestic
subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of our assets and the assets of
our domestic subsidiaries. 

At our
election, amounts advanced under the revolving credit facility will bear
interest at either (i) the Base Rate plus a specified margin or (ii) the
Eurocurrency Rate plus a specified margin. The Base Rate is equal to
the higher of (a) the lender s prime rate or (b) the federal funds rate plus
0.50 . The applicable margins for both Base Rate and Eurodollar Rate
loans are subject to quarterly adjustments based on our leverage ratio as of the
end of the four fiscal quarters then completed. At December 31, 2008,
the applicable margins for Base Rate and Eurodollar Rate loans were zero and
1.00 , respectively. As specified in our credit agreement, the
following table sets forth the rates based upon our leverage ratio: 

Applicable
 Rate 

Consolidated
 Leverage Ratio 

LIBOR
 Margin and Letters of Credit 

Commitment
 Fee 

Prime
 Rate Margin 

Less
 than
 1.00:1 

1.00 

0.20 

0.00 

Greater
 or equal to 1.00:1 but less than 1.75:1 

1.25 

0.25 

0.25 

Greater
 or equal to 1.75:1 but less than 2.50:1 

1.50 

0.30 

0.50 

Greater
 or equal to 2.50:1 

1.75 

0.35 

0.75 

At
December 31, 2008, our borrowing capacity under the credit facility was 149.1
million, net of 0.9 million for outstanding letters of credit. 

We were
in compliance with all the credit facility s debt covenants as of December 31,
2008. 

We had
cash and cash equivalents on hand of 17.2 million at December 31,
2008. Our cash position and expected free cash flow for 2009 provide
adequate resources to satisfy foreseeable business
obligations. However, on February 10, 2009, we borrowed 70 million
under our credit facility in order to increase our cash position and preserve
our financial flexibility in light of the current uncertainty in the capital
markets. The proceeds are being held in high quality, low risk
investments and are not expected to be used in the near
term. Following this borrowing, we had 79.1 million of borrowing
capacity remaining on the credit facility. 

As of
December 31, 2008, we had not experienced any unusual delays in payments from
any of our significant customers. If any of our customers were to
file for protection under U.S. bankruptcy laws, we could be required to deliver
to the bankruptcy estate the amount of all payments received from that customer
in the 90 days prior to the bankruptcy filing, resulting in a one-time
disruption in cash flow from that customer, although we believe we would be able
to retain a large portion of those payments because they would be (i) made in
the ordinary course of business on ordinary business terms and/or (ii) offset by
amounts still owed us by the bankrupt and, as such, subject to protection by
affirmative defenses. Any amounts owed but not paid to us by the
customer at the time of the bankruptcy filing would be an unsecured claim that
would most likely not be resolved for an extended period of time and would most
likely be paid at a significant discount, if at all. We would expect
to be able to make up any temporary shortfall in cash flow due to the bankruptcy
of a customer from our other sources of cash, including borrowing under our
revolving credit facility. 

39 

Table of Contents 

Having
considered these and other matters, we believe that cash on hand, cash flow from
operations and existing borrowing capacity will be sufficient to fund ongoing
operations and budgeted capital expenditures. In pursuing future
acquisitions, we will continue to consider the effect any such acquisition costs
may have on liquidity. In order to consummate such acquisitions, we
may need to seek funds through additional borrowings or equity
financing. 

Other 

In
February 2008, our Board of Directors authorized a plan to repurchase up to
 50.0 million of our common stock during 2008, which was completed during the
fourth quarter of 2008. The repurchases were made (i) pursuant to a
plan complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
(ii) in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act. Pursuant to this program, we made open market
purchases of 2,489,671 shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of 50.1
million, including broker commissions and transaction fees, during
2008. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We are
not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current
effect or are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our
financial condition or results of operations. However, we are subject
to various other commitments and contingencies as disclosed in Item 8.
"Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note
16." 

Contractual
Obligations 

The
following table summarizes our contractual obligations from continuing
operations expressed in millions of dollars as of December 31,
2008: 

Total 

Less
 than 

 1 year 

1 3 years 

3 5 years 

More
 than 

 5 years 

Debt
 Obligations: 

Letters
 of credit 

0.9 

0.9 

Interest
 on credit facility (1) 

0.7 

0.3 

0.4 

Total
 debt obligations 

1.6 

0.3 

1.3 

Operating
 lease obligations (2) 

21.2 

7.3 

6.3 

4.6 

3.0 

Purchase
 obligations (3) 

17.8 

17.8 

Liabilities
 related to uncertain tax positions (4) 

0.5 

0.5 

Nonqualified
 deferred compensation (5) 

5.1 

0.5 

0.2 

0.1 

4.3 

Deferred
 compensation (6) 

0.3 

0.1 

0.2 

Total 

46.5 

26.0 

8.5 

4.7 

7.3 

_______________ 

(1) 

Represents
 estimated interest expense related to the unused portion of our credit
 facility as of December 31, 2008. Interest is determined
 assuming the credit facility was termi nated 
 on March 31, 2011, its expiration date. There were no
 borrowings outstanding under the credit facility at December 31,
 2008. On February 10, 2009, we borrowed 70 million under our
 credit facility. 

(2) 

A
 portion of our operating leases expiring in 2009 and 2010, will be
 renewed. See Item 8. "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data Note 16." 

(3) 

Primarily
 consist of contractual arrangements in the form of purchase orders and
 other commitments with suppliers where there is a fixed non-cancelable
 payment schedule or minimum payments due with a reduced delivery
 schedule. 

40 

Table of Contents 

(4) 

Represents
 the portion of our liability related to uncertain tax positions that could
 have an impact on our liquidity. The remaining portion of this
 liability 1.1 million as of December 31, 2008) is excluded from our
 contractual obligations as this amount has no related demands on our
 liquidity due to an offsetting asset classified in refundable income
 taxes. 

(5) 

Represents
 amounts payable to certain of our employees and directors under a
 nonqualified deferred compensation
plan. 

(6) 

Relates
 to the 1997 acquisition of a former Drivetrain segment business, which
 requires us to make certain payments to key employees of the seller on
 various dates subsequent to the closing date. Through December
 31, 2008, we had made 3.3 million of these payments (including 0.1
 million paid in 2008). 

Impact
of New Accounting Standards 

In
September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements , which defines fair
value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S generally
accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value
measurements to include the methods and assumptions used to measure fair value
and the effect of fair value measures on earnings. In October
2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS No. 157-3, Determining the Fair Value of a
Financial Asset When the Market for That Asset is Not Active , which clarifies the
adoption of SFAS No. 157 in a market that is not active. Our adoption of
SFAS No. 157 on January 1, 2008 did not have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities including an amendment to FASB Statement
No. 115 , which permits entities to choose to measure many financial
instruments and certain other items at fair value that are not currently
required to be measured at fair value. The statement is effective for fiscal
years beginning after November 15, 2007. Under the provisions of
SFAS No. 159, we do not apply the fair value option to the asset and liability
related to our nonqualified deferred compensation plan. The adoption
of SFAS No. 159 did not have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (Revised 2007), Business
Combinations. SFAS No. 141R significantly changes the
accounting for business combinations. Under SFAS No. 141R, an
acquiring entity will be required to recognize all the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed in a transaction at the acquisition-date fair value with
limited exceptions. SFAS No. 141R changes the accounting treatment
for certain specific items, including (i) acquisition costs are generally
expensed as incurred, (ii) noncontrolling interests (formerly known as minority
interests are valued at fair value at the acquisition date,
(iii) acquired contingent liabilities are recorded at fair value at the
acquisition date and subsequently measured at either the higher of such amount
or the amount determined under existing guidance for non-acquired contingencies,
(iv) in-process research and development is recorded at fair value as an
indefinite-lived intangible asset at the acquisition date, (v) restructuring
costs associated with a business combination are generally expensed subsequent
to the acquisition date, and (vi) changes in deferred tax asset valuation
allowances and income tax uncertainties after acquisition date generally affect
income tax expense. SFAS 141R also includes a substantial number of
new disclosure requirements. SFAS No. 141R applies prospectively to
business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the
beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December
15, 2008, except for the accounting treatment for changes in deferred tax asset
valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties, which applies to acquisitions
prior to the effective date. Earlier adoption in
prohibited. Based on our current operations, the adoption of SFAS No.
141R is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements. 

41 

Table of Contents 

In
March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities an amendment of FASB Statement
No. 133 . SFAS No. 161 enhances required disclosures
regarding derivatives and hedging activities, including how an entity uses
derivative instruments, how derivative instruments and related hedged items are
accounted for under SFAS No. 133 and how derivative instruments and related
hedged items affect an entity s financial position, financial performance and
cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
November 15, 2008, with early adoption encouraged. We have
determined that the adoption of SFAS No. 161 will not have a material
effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

In May
2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles. SFAS No. 162 identifies the sources of accounting
principles and the framework for selecting the principles to be used in the
preparation of financial statements that are presented in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. SFAS No. 162 became effective on
November 15, 2008. The adoption of SFAS No. 162 did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Inflation;
Lack of Seasonality 

Although we are subject to the effects
of changing prices, the impact of inflation has not been a significant factor in
results of operations for the periods presented. In some
circumstances, market conditions or customer expectations may prevent us from
increasing the prices of our products to offset the inflationary pressures that
may increase our costs in the future. Historically, there has been
little aggregate seasonal fluctuation in our business. 

Environmental
Matters 

See Item 1. "Business Environmental"
for a discussion of environmental matters relating to us. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Derivative Financial
Instruments. We do not hold or issue derivative financial
instruments for trading purposes. We have used derivative financial
instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest
rates. Neither the aggregate value of these derivative financial
instruments nor the market risk posed by them has been material to our
business. At December 31, 2008, we were not using any derivative
financial instruments. 

Interest Rate
Exposure. Based on our overall interest rate exposure during
the year ended December 31, 2008 and assuming similar interest rate
volatility in the future, a near-term (12 months) change in interest rates
would not materially affect our consolidated financial position, results of
operation or cash flows. As of December 31, 2008, we had no amounts
outstanding under our credit facility and therefore no interest rate
exposure. 

Foreign Exchange
Exposure. Our revenue, expense and capital purchasing
activities are primarily transacted in U.S. dollars. We have one
foreign operation that exposes us to translation risk when the local currency
financial statements are translated to U.S. dollars. Since changes in
translation risk are reported as adjustments to stockholders' equity, a 10 
change in the foreign exchange rate would not have a material effect on our
financial position, results of operation or cash flows. For the year
ended December 31, 2008, a 10 change in the foreign exchange rate would
increase or decrease our consolidated net income by less than 0.1
million. 

42 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
8. CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 

44 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial
 Reporting 

45 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2008
 and 2007 

46 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
 ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

47 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
 for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

48 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

50 

43 

Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board
of Directors and Stockholders of ATC Technology Corporation 

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ATC Technology
Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2008 and
2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2008. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (a). These
financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our
opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of ATC Technology
Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the
related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein. 

As
discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48, Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, as
of January 1, 2007. 

We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), ATC Technology Corporation s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 25, 2009
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

/s/
Ernst Young LLP 

Chicago,
Illinois 

 February
25, 2009 

44 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Board
of Directors and Stockholders of ATC Technology Corporation 

We have
audited ATC Technology Corporation s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). ATC Technology Corporation s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Form 10-K. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our
opinion, ATC Technology Corporation maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008,
based on the COSO criteria. 

We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of ATC
Technology Corporation as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, and our report
dated February 25, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

/s/ Ernst
 Young LLP 

Chicago,
Illinois 

 February
25, 2009 

45 

Table of Contents 

ATC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

(In
 thousands, except share and per share data) 

December
 31, 

December
 31, 

2008 

2007 

Assets 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

17,188 

40,149 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

72,897 

70,887 

Inventories 

63,334 

63,994 

Prepaid
 and other assets 

4,508 

3,136 

Refundable
 income taxes 

2,509 

2,036 

Deferred
 income taxes 

8,943 

7,740 

Assets
 of discontinued operations 

52 

2,408 

Total
 current assets 

169,431 

190,350 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

52,728 

56,462 

Debt
 issuance costs, net 

350 

507 

Goodwill 

53,229 

132,375 

Intangible
 assets, net 

55 

211 

Long-term
 investments 

5,126 

3,019 

Other
 assets 

1,423 

1,244 

Assets
 of discontinued operations 

- 

5,206 

Total
 assets 

282,342 

389,374 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders' Equity 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

29,221 

34,756 

Accrued
 expenses 

25,863 

34,495 

Income
 taxes payable 

4,290 

3,308 

Deferred
 compensation 

118 

124 

Liabilities
 of discontinued operations 

453 

789 

Total
 current liabilities 

59,945 

73,472 

Deferred
 compensation, less current portion 

5,316 

3,308 

Other
 long-term liabilities 

2,659 

2,819 

Liabilities
 related to uncertain tax positions 

1,637 

1,608 

Deferred
 income taxes 

8,083 

27,654 

Stockholders'
 Equity: 

Preferred
 stock, .01 par value; shares authorized - 2,000,000; none
 issued 

- 

- 

Common
 stock, .01 par value; shares authorized - 30,000,000; 

Issued
 (including shares held in treasury) - 27,639,527
 and 27,479,944 

as
 of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively 

276 

275 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

236,994 

232,312 

Retained
 earnings 

100,167 

125,336 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) 

(969) 

3,766 

Common
 stock held in treasury, at cost - 7,868,354 and 5,328,423
 shares 

as
 of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively 

(131,766) 

(81,176) 

Total
 stockholders' equity 

204,702 

280,513 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' equity 

282,342 

389,374 

See
 accompanying notes. 

46 

Table of Contents 

ATC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In
 thousands, except per share data) 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net
 sales: 

Services 

353,416 

293,917 

263,405 

Products 

177,144 

235,254 

234,486 

Total
 net sales 

530,560 

529,171 

497,891 

Cost
 of sales: 

Services 

262,685 

211,937 

210,055 

Products 

145,662 

177,831 

182,390 

Products
 - exit, disposal, certain severance and other charges 

7,614 

1,962 

- 

Total
 cost of sales 

415,961 

391,730 

392,445 

Gross
 profit 

114,599 

137,441 

105,446 

Selling,
 general and administrative expense 

56,965 

61,001 

48,936 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

149 

243 

190 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

79,146 

- 

14,592 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

3,396 

1,411 

1,938 

Operating
 income (loss) 

(25,057) 

74,786 

39,790 

Interest
 income 

624 

1,141 

605 

Other
 income, net 

17 

116 

262 

Write-off
 of debt issuance costs 

- 

- 

(1,691) 

Interest
 expense 

(696) 

(969) 

(4,297) 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

(25,112) 

75,074 

34,669 

Income
 tax (benefit) expense 

(2,423) 

27,952 

13,011 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

(22,689) 

47,122 

21,658 

Loss
 from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 

(2,480) 

(7,515) 

(13,635) 

Net
 income (loss) 

(25,169) 

39,607 

8,023 

Per
 common share - basic: 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

(1.09) 

2.16 

1.00 

Loss
 from discontinued operations 

(0.12) 

(0.34) 

(0.63) 

Net
 income (loss) 

(1.21) 

1.82 

0.37 

Per
 common share - diluted: 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

(1.09) 

2.13 

0.99 

Loss
 from discontinued operations 

(0.12) 

(0.34) 

(0.62) 

Net
 income (loss) 

(1.21) 

1.79 

0.37 

See
 accompanying notes. 

47 

Table of Contents 

ATC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(In
 thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common 

Preferred 

Common 

Paid-In 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Unearned 

Stock
 in 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Compensation 

Treasury 

Total 

Balance
 at January 1, 2006 

- 

265 

212,678 

77,890 

1,186 

(1,160) 

(69,629) 

221,230 

Net
 income 

- 

- 

- 

8,023 

- 

- 

- 

8,023 

Translation
 adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,337 

- 

- 

2,337 

Unrealized
 gain on available-for- 

 sale securities, net
 of income taxes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

14 

- 

- 

14 

Comprehensive
 income 

10,374 

Issuance
 of 97,429 shares of common stock from incentive
 stock awards 

- 

1 

(1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of 472,354 shares of common stock from exercise
 of stock options 

- 

5 

7,490 

- 

- 

- 

- 

7,495 

Tax
 benefit from stock-based award 

 transactions 

- 

- 

1,525 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,525 

Noncash
 stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

2,756 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,756 

Repurchase
 of 516,950 shares of 

 common stock for
 treasury 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(11,050) 

(11,050) 

Reclassification
 of unearned compen- 

 sation upon adoption
 of SFAS 123R 

- 

- 

(1,160) 

- 

- 

1,160 

- 

- 

Balance
 at December 31, 2006 

- 

271 

223,288 

85,913 

3,537 

- 

(80,679) 

232,330 

Net
 income 

- 

- 

- 

39,607 

- 

- 

- 

39,607 

Translation
 adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

258 

- 

- 

258 

Unrealized
 loss on available-for- 

 sale securities, net
 of income taxes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(29) 

- 

- 

(29) 

Comprehensive
 income 

39,836 

Issuance
 of 140,075 shares of common stock
 from incentive stock awards 

- 

1 

(1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of 230,160 shares of common stock
 from exercise of stock options 

- 

3 

3,763 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,766 

Tax
 benefit from stock-based award 

 transactions 

- 

- 

1,136 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,136 

Noncash
 stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

4,126 

- 

- 

- 

- 

4,126 

Repurchase
 of 17,362 shares of 

 common stock for
 treasury 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(497) 

(497) 

Adjustment
 to uncertain tax positions 

 upon adoption of FIN
 48 

- 

- 

- 

(184) 

- 

- 

- 

(184) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2007 

- 

275 

232,312 

125,336 

3,766 

- 

(81,176) 

280,513 

Net
 loss 

- 

- 

- 

(25,169) 

- 

- 

- 

(25,169) 

Translation
 adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(4,491) 

- 

- 

(4,491) 

Unrealized
 loss on available-for- 

 sale securities, net
 of income taxes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(244) 

- 

- 

(244) 

Comprehensive
 loss 

(29,904) 

Issuance
 of 140,417 shares of common stock from incentive
 stock awards 

- 

1 

(1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of 19,166 shares of common stock from exercise
 of stock options 

- 

- 

253 

- 

- 

- 

- 

253 

Tax
 benefit from stock-based award

transactions 

- 

- 

27 

- 

- 

- 

- 

27 

Noncash
 stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

4,403 

- 

- 

- 

- 

4,403 

Repurchase
 of 2,512,455 shares of 

 common stock for
 treasury 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(50,590) 

(50,590) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2008 

- 

276 

236,994 

100,167 

(969) 

- 

(131,766) 

204,702 

See
 accompanying notes. 

48 

Table of Contents 

ATC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In
 thousands) 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Operating
 Activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 

(25,169) 

39,607 

8,023 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by 

operating
 activities - continuing operations: 

Net
 loss from discontinued operations 

2,480 

7,515 

13,635 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

79,146 

- 

14,592 

Write-down
 of inventories and other assets 

7,614 

1,389 

- 

Write-off
 of debt issuance costs 

- 

- 

1,691 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

14,568 

14,873 

13,713 

Noncash
 stock-based compensation 

4,403 

4,126 

2,756 

Amortization
 of debt issuance costs 

157 

157 

412 

Adjustments
 to provision for losses on accounts receivable 

15 

(217) 

(23) 

Loss
 on sale of equipment 

(32) 

105 

160 

Deferred
 income taxes 

(20,608) 

4,291 

3,916 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities, 

net
 of businesses acquired or discontinued/sold: 

Accounts
 receivable 

(2,919) 

7,041 

(5,172) 

Inventories 

(8,364) 

(8,614) 

(4,772) 

Prepaid
 and other assets 

(2,079) 

(229) 

(238) 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

(10,330) 

13,770 

7,833 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities - continuing
 operations 

38,882 

83,814 

56,526 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities - discontinued
 operations 

13 

(8,946) 

842 

Investing
 Activities: 

Purchases
 of property, plant and equipment 

(11,332) 

(19,374) 

(10,636) 

Purchases
 of available-for-sale securities 

(2,791) 

(4,301) 

(3,981) 

Purchase
 of assets of a business 

- 

- 

(1,746) 

Proceeds
 from sales of available-for-sale securities 

242 

3,348 

2,511 

Proceeds
 from sale of property, plant and equipment 

72 

42 

57 

Net
 cash used in investing activities - continuing operations 

(13,809) 

(20,285) 

(13,795) 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities - discontinued
 operations 

4,426 

(3,653) 

(63) 

Financing
 Activities: 

Payments
 on term debt 

- 

- 

(90,685) 

(Payments)
 borrowings on revolving credit facility, net 

- 

(17,800) 

17,800 

Debt
 issuance costs 

- 

- 

(786) 

Net
 change in book overdraft 

- 

(5,059) 

(5,426) 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

253 

3,766 

7,495 

Tax
 benefit from stock-based award transactions 

130 

996 

1,329 

Repurchases
 of common stock for treasury 

(50,590) 

(497) 

(11,050) 

Payments
 on amounts due to sellers of acquired companies 

- 

- 

(29) 

Payments
 of deferred compensation related to acquired company 

(124) 

(130) 

(136) 

Net
 cash used in financing activities 

(50,331) 

(18,724) 

(81,488) 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(2,142) 

108 

341 

Increase
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(22,961) 

32,314 

(37,637) 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

40,149 

7,835 

45,472 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

17,188 

40,149 

7,835 

Cash
 paid during the year for: 

Interest 

562 

830 

4,682 

Income
 taxes, net 

15,943 

13,957 

809 

See
 accompanying notes. 

49 

Table of Contents 

ATC
TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note
1. The
Company 

ATC
Technology Corporation (the Company has two reportable segments: the
Logistics segment and the Drivetrain segment. The Logistics segment
provides value-added warehousing, packaging and distribution, reverse logistics,
turnkey order fulfillment, electronic equipment testing, and refurbishment and
repair services. The principal customers are currently in the wireless, consumer
electronics and automotive industries and include AT T, TomTom, Nokia, LG,
T-Mobile, TiVo, SonyEricsson, General Motors GM and Delphi. The
Company s Drivetrain segment primarily sells remanufactured transmissions to
Ford, Honda, Allison, Chrysler, GM, and certain foreign Original Equipment
Manufacturers OEMs ), primarily for use as replacement parts by their domestic
dealers during the warranty and/or post-warranty periods following the sale of a
vehicle. In addition, the Drivetrain segment sells select
remanufactured engines primarily to certain OEMs in Europe. Established in
1994, the Company maintains manufacturing facilities and logistics operations in
the United States and a manufacturing facility in the United
Kingdom. 

On April
2, 2008, the Company sold the asset group related to its NuVinci CVP project NuVinci ). Accordingly, the results of operations for NuVinci,
which was reported as part of Drivetrain in segment information disclosed for
the periods ended prior to 2008, has been reclassified to discontinued
operations for all periods presented. As a result of the
discontinuance of NuVinci, for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006
after-tax losses of 2,511 0.12 per common share basic and diluted), 7,141 0.33 per common share basic and 0.32 per common share diluted), and
 3,917 0.18 per common share basic and diluted) respectively, are reflected
in discontinued operations. The balance from discontinued operations
recorded during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 primarily
relate to the Independent Aftermarket businesses which were discontinued by the
Company during 2006. (See Note 15 Discontinued
Operations) 

Note
2. Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated. In accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Interpretation No. 46R, Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entities , we also consolidate any variable interest entities of which we
are the primary beneficiary, as defined. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with original effective
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Inventories 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market and
consist primarily of (i) component electronic equipment repair parts for the
Logistics segment and (ii) new and used transmission parts, cores and finished
goods for the Drivetrain segment. Consideration is given to
deterioration, obsolescence and other factors in evaluating the estimated market
value of inventory based upon management s judgment and available information
which includes assumptions about market conditions, future demand and expected
usage rates which may vary from those estimated. 

Property,
Plant and Equipment 

Property,
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Depreciation is computed using straight-line methods
over the estimated useful lives of the assets for financial reporting purposes,
as follows: three to ten years for machinery and equipment, three to five years
for autos and trucks, five to seven years for furniture and fixtures, up to 39
years for buildings and the lesser of 10 years or the remaining term of the
related lease, including any periods covered by reasonably assured lease
renewals, for leasehold improvements. Depreciation expense was
 14,419, 14,630 and 13,523 for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007
and 2006, respectively. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
expense as incurred. 

Internal
Use Computer Software 

The
Company accounts for these costs in accordance with the provisions of Statement
of Position SOP 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer
Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use. Accordingly, the
Company expenses costs incurred in the preliminary stage and, thereafter,
capitalizes costs incurred in developing or obtaining internal use software and
Web site development. Such capitalized costs are included in
property, plant and equipment as part of machinery and equipment and are
amortized over a period of not more than five years. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
functional currency for the Company s foreign operations is the applicable local
currency. Accordingly, all balance sheet accounts have been
translated using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and
income statement amounts have been translated using the average exchange rates
for the year. The translation adjustments resulting from the changes
in exchange rates have been reported separately as a component of stockholders'
equity. The effects of transaction gains and losses, which were
reported in income, were not material for the periods presented. 

Debt
Issuance Costs 

Debt
issuance costs incurred in connection with the Credit Facility (see Note 8 
Credit Facility) are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of
the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, debt issuance
costs of 350 and 507, are reflected net of accumulated amortization of 436
and 279, respectively. 

51 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets 

In accordance with the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, the
Company tests its goodwill and other indefinite lived intangibles for impairment
annually as of the last day of the third quarter of each year unless events or
circumstances would require an immediate review. Goodwill is tested
for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit, which
generally is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment as
defined in paragraph 10 of SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information and paragraph 30 of SFAS No.
142. In accordance with paragraph 30 of SFAS No. 142, certain
components of an operating segment with similar economic characteristics are
aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit. Goodwill amounts are
generally allocated to the reporting units based upon the amounts allocated at
the time of their respective acquisition, adjusted for significant transfers of
business between reporting units. The goodwill impairment test is a
two-step process which requires the Company to make estimates regarding the fair value of the reporting unit . The first step of the goodwill impairment test, used
to identify potential impairment, co mpares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value , including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not
impaired, thus the second step of the impairment test is not
required. However, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is
performed to measure the amount of impairment loss (if any), which compares the
implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that
goodwill. If the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds
the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to
that excess. In estimating the fair value of its
reporting units, the Company utilizes a valuation technique based on multiples
of projected cash flow, giving consideration to unusual items, cost reduction
initiatives, new business initiatives and other factors that generally would be
considered in determining value. Impairments are recorded (i) if the
fair value is less than the carrying value or (ii) when an individual reporting
unit is disposed of. The annual step one impairment tests made by the
Company as of September 30, 2008, indicated the fair value of both the North
American Drivetrain and Logistics reporting units exceeded their carrying
value . 

Subsequent
to the September 30, 2008 impairment test, significant adverse changes in the
business climate in the North American vehicle industry occurred due to the
economic slowdown, placing unprecedented distress on the Company s customers and
supporting supply base. These changes in the business climate and the resulting
reduction in estimated future revenues for the North American Drivetrain
business were determined to be indicators of impairment as described in SFAS No.
142 and as such, the Company performed an interim step one test for the
potential impairment of the goodwill related to the Drivetrain
business. In estimating the fair value of the North American
Drivetrain reporting unit, the Company used a weighted average of the income
approach and the market approach. Under the income approach, the fair
value of the reporting unit is estimated based upon the present value of
expected future cash flows. The income approach is dependent on a
number of factors including probability weighted estimates of forecasted revenue
and operating costs, capital spending, working capital requirements, discount
rates and other variables. Under the market approach, the Company
estimated the value of the reporting unit by comparison to a group of businesses
with similar characteristics whose securities are actively traded in the public
markets. The Company used peer company multiples of earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and revenues to
develop a weighted average estimate of fair value for the market
approach. The resulting estimate of fair value of the reporting unit
did not exceed its carrying value, requiring the Company to perform a step two
measurement of the impairment loss. In step two, the implied fair
value of the goodwill is estimated by subtracting the fair value of the
reporting unit s tangible, recorded intangible and unrecorded intangible assets
from the fair value of the reporting unit. The impairment loss, if
any, is the amount by which the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its
implied fair value. As a result of the step two valuation, the Company
recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 79,146 in its Drivetrain segment
during the fourth quarter of 2008. 

The
Company s fair value estimate of goodwill for the North American Drivetrain
reporting unit as of December 31, 2008 was based upon level three inputs, as
defined in SFAS No. 157, Fair
Value Measurements, as unobservable inputs in which there is little or no
market data, which required us to develop our own assumptions as described
above. 

52 

Table of Contents 

Effective
with the filing of this Form 10-K, the Company has changed its method of
applying SFAS No. 142 by changing the date of its annual goodwill and other
indefinite lived intangibles impairment assessment from the last day of the
third quarter to the first day of the fourth quarter. The Company
believes this change is preferable due to the timing of its normal business
process for updating annual and strategic plans, which are finalized each year
during the three months ending December 31. As a result of this
change, beginning in 2009, the Company s annual impairment testing procedures
will be conducted during the fourth quarter of each year with the results
disclosed in its Annual Report filed on Form 10-K. This change has had no impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Based
upon the Company s annual goodwill impairment tests made as of September 30,
2006, the Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of 11,722 and 2,870 in
its Drivetrain and Logistics segments, respectively. Because key new
business opportunities considered in the 2005 goodwill assessment in both the
Drivetrain segment s United Kingdom-based operation and the Logistics segment s
automotive materials reclamation operation did not materialize, and other
near-term growth opportunities were considered limited, the Company concluded
that the fair value of these reporting units no longer supported the recorded
goodwill. The fair value of the reporting units were estimated by
applying a range of multiples to adjusted EBITDA. 

Per the
provisions of SFAS No. 142, the Company s definite lived intangible assets,
consisting of a non-compete agreement, is being amortized over its estimated
useful life. (See Note 5 Goodwill and Intangible
Assets.) 

Impairment
of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 

Long-lived assets and identifiable
intangibles are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured
by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the asset is
determined to be impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount
by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. For
a discussion of impairments to property, plant and equipment recorded by the
Company, see Note 15 Discontinued Operations and Note 18 Exit,
Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges. 

Asset
Retirement Obligations 

The
Company follows FASB Interpretation No. 47 FIN 47 ), Accounting for Conditional Asset
Retirement Obligations An Interpretation of FASB Statement
No. 143 , which requires entities to record a liability equal to the
fair value of the estimated future cost to retire an asset, if the liability s
fair value can be reasonably estimated. The Company s asset retirement
obligation ARO liabilities are associated with estimated costs to restore
certain leased facilities to a condition specified in the lease agreement. The
Company estimates the fair value of these liabilities based on the current
condition of the property. In future periods, we may make adjustments
to the ARO liability as a result of the availability of new information, changes
in labor costs and other factors. The estimate of the ARO liability is based on
a number of assumptions requiring professional judgment, and we cannot predict
what revisions to these assumptions will be required in future
periods. In connection with property leases, we record the ARO as a
liability and also record a related asset in an amount equal to the estimated
fair value of the liability. The capitalized asset is then depreciated on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset. Upon
retirement of the asset, any difference between the actual retirement costs
incurred and the previously recorded estimated ARO liability is recognized as a
gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations. As of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, the fair value of ARO liabilities were 381 and
 419, respectively. 

53 

Table of Contents 

Following
is an analysis of the ARO liability: 

2008 

2007 

Asset
 retirement obligations at beginning of year 

419 

387 

Liabilities
 incurred 

22 

Payments
 made 

(89) 

Accretion
 expense 

29 

32 

Asset
 retirement obligations at end of
 year 

381 

419 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to a significant concentration
of credit risk consist of accounts receivable from its customers including
AT T, TomTom, Honda, Ford, Allison, Chrysler and GM, which are
located throughout the United States and, to a lesser extent, the United
Kingdom. The estimated fair value of these financial instruments approximate
their carrying values as of their respective balance sheet dates. The
Company performs ongoing credit evaluation of its customers and maintains
sufficient allowances for potential credit losses. The Company
evaluates the collectibility of its accounts receivable based on the length of
time the receivable is past due and the anticipated future write-off based on
historic experience. Accounts receivable balances are written off
against allowance for doubtful accounts after a final determination of
uncollectibility has been made. The credit risk associated with the
Company's accounts receivable is mitigated by its credit evaluation process,
although collateral is not required. The Company grants credit to
certain customers who meet pre-established credit requirements. 

Accounts
receivable is recorded at the time of revenue recognition and is reflected net
of an allowance for doubtful accounts of 469 and 583 at December 31, 2008
and 2007, respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenues when all of the following conditions are
satisfied: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the
price is fixed or determinable; (iii) collectibility is reasonably assured; and
(iv) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered. In
addition, the Company separately classifies its shipping and handling costs
reimbursed by its customers as revenue and cost of sales in its consolidated
statements of operations. 

Warranty
Cost Recognition 

The Company accrues for estimated
warranty costs as revenue is recognized. 

Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities 

In
accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 146, Accounting for Costs Associated with
Exit or Disposal Activities, the Company recognizes a liability for costs
associated with exit or disposal activities in the period in which the liability
is incurred. The Company classifies the costs associated with exit or
disposal activities as a part of exit, disposal, certain severance and other
charges on its consolidated statements of operations, within cost of sales and
operating expenses. (See Note 18 - Exit, Disposal, Certain
Severance and Other Charges.) 

54 

Table of Contents 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Effective
January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair value recognition provisions of
SFAS No. 123R, Share-Based
Payment SFAS No. 123R ), using the modified prospective transition
method. Under the modified prospective method, (i) compensation
expense for share-based awards granted prior to January 1, 2006 are recognized
over the remaining service period using the compensation cost calculated for pro
forma disclosure purposes under SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation, and (ii) compensation expense for all share-based awards
granted subsequent to December 31, 2005 are based on the grant date fair value
estimated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 123R. 

Also in
2006, the Company elected to adopt the alternative method provided in FASB Staff
Position No. FAS 123R-3, Transition Election Related to
Accounting for the Tax Effects of Share-Based Payment Awards for
calculating the tax effects of stock-based compensation pursuant to SFAS No.
123R. The alternative transition (i) provides a simplified method to
establish the beginning balance of the additional paid-in capital pool APIC
Pool available to absorb tax deficiencies recognized subsequent to the
adoption of SFAS No. 123R related to the tax effects of stock-based
compensation, and (ii) determines the subsequent impact on the consolidated
statements of cash flows of the tax effects of stock-based compensation awards
that were partially vested upon adoption of SFAS No. 123R. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the consolidated statements of
operations reflect compensation cost related to stock-based payments, which
includes stock options and Restricted Stock (defined below), of 2,774 (net of
income taxes of 1,629), 2,636 (net of income taxes of 1,490) and 1,740 (net
of income taxes of 1,016), respectively. The Company classified the
pre-tax stock-based compensation cost of 4,403, 4,126 and 2,756 for 2008,
2007 and 2006, respectively, as part of selling, general and administrative
expense in its consolidated statements of operations. Per the
provisions of SFAS No. 123R, tax benefits resulting from tax deductions in
excess of the compensation cost recognized for those options are classified as
financing cash inflows. 

The fair
value of stock options granted was estimated by using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model assuming no expected dividends and the following weighted-average
assumptions during the time periods indicated: 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Expected
 volatility 

34.39 

31.38 

38.11 

Risk-free
 interest rates 

2.67 

4.87 

5.01 

Expected
 term 

3.9
 years 

3.9
 years 

3.7
 years 

Expected volatility: For all
periods presented, the expected volatility assumption is based on the historical
volatility of the Company s stock over a term equal to the expected term of the
option granted. 

Risk-free interest
rates : For all periods presented, the risk-free interest rate
is based on the implied yield on a U.S Treasury constant maturity with a
remaining term equal to the expected term of the option granted. 

Expected term: The
Company s expected term represents the period that the Company s stock option
awards are expected to be outstanding. For purposes of applying the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model, the Company has identified two groups of
optionees with similar option exercise and forfeiture activity
experience. The expected term of stock option awards granted is
derived from historical exercise and forfeiture experience for each of the two
groups of optionees and represents the period of time that stock option awards
are expected to be outstanding for each optionee group. On an annual
basis, based upon this historical exercise and forfeiture experience, the
Company calculates a weighted average expected term for each of the two
groups. 

55 

Table of Contents 

Forfeitures rate:
 Compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of
operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008 is
based on awards ultimately expected to vest and it reflects estimated
forfeitures. SFAS No. 123R requires forfeitures to be estimated at
the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

For
stock-based awards granted by the Company with graded vesting provisions, the
Company applies an accelerated attribution method and separately amortizes each
vesting tranche over its particular vesting period. 

The
Company also awards shares of its common stock to certain directors and
employees in the form of unvested stock Restricted Stock ). These
awards are measured at the market value of the Company s common stock on the
date of issuance. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

In
September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements ,
which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in
U.S generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosure about fair
value measurements to include the methods and assumptions used to measure fair
value and the effect of fair value measures on earnings. In October
2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. 157-3, Determining the Fair Value of a
Financial Asset When the Market for That Asset is Not Active FSP
157-3 ). FSP 157-3 clarifies the adoption of SFAS No. 157 in a market
that is not active. The Company s adoption of SFAS No. 157 on January
1, 2008 did not have a material effect on its consolidated financial
statements. 

The
carrying value of assets and liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventories,
prepaid and other assets, refundable income taxes, accounts payable, accrued
expenses, and income taxes payable at December 31, 2008 and 2007, approximate
fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

New
Accounting Standards 

In
February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities including an amendment to FASB Statement
No. 115 , which permits entities to choose to measure many financial
instruments and certain other items at fair value that are not currently
required to be measured at fair value. The statement is effective for fiscal
years beginning after November 15, 2007. Under the provisions of
SFAS No. 159, the Company may not elect the fair value option for financial
assets and liabilities related to its nonqualified deferred compensation
plan. The adoption of SFAS No. 159 had no material effect on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. (See Note 13 - Employee Retirement
Plans.) 

In
December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (Revised 2007), Business C o mbinations . SFAS No. 141R
significantly changes the accounting for business combinations. Under
SFAS No. 141R, an acquiring entity will be required to recognize all the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in a transaction at the acquisition-date fair
value with limited exceptions. SFAS No. 141R changes the accounting
treatment for certain specific items, including (i) acquisition costs are
generally expensed as incurred, (ii) noncontrolling interests (formerly known as
 minority interests are valued at fair value at the acquisition date, (iii)
acquired contingent liabilities are recorded at fair value at the acquisition
date and subsequently measured at either the higher of such amount or the amount
determined under existing guidance for non-acquired contingencies, (iv)
in-process research and development is recorded at fair value as an
indefinite-lived intangible asset at the acquisition date, (v) restructuring
costs associated with a business combination are generally expensed subsequent
to the acquisition date, and (vi) changes in deferred tax asset valuation
allowances and income tax uncertainties after acquisition date generally affect
income tax expense. SFAS No. 141R also includes a substantial number
of new disclosure requirements. 

56 

Table of Contents 

SFAS No.
141R applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition
date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning
on or after December 15, 2008, except for the accounting treatment for changes
in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties, which
applies to acquisitions prior to the effective date. Earlier adoption
is prohibited. Based on the Company s current operations, the
adoption of SFAS No. 141R is not expected to have a material effect on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In March
2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Acti v ities - an amend ment of FASB Statement No.
133 . SFAS No. 161 enhances required disclosures regarding derivatives and
hedging activities, including how an entity uses derivative instruments, how
derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under SFAS No.
133 and how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity s
financial position, financial performance and cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is
effective for the Company on January 1, 2009. The Company has determined that
the adoption of SFAS No. 161 will not have a material effect on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, The Hierarchy of
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles . SFAS No. 162 identifies the sources
of accounting principles and the framework for selecting the principles to be
used in the preparation of financial statements that are presented in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. The ef fective date of this statement
wa s November 15, 2008 . The adoption of SFAS No. 162 had no
 material effect on
 the Company s
consolidated financial
statements. 

Reclassifications 

Certain prior-year amounts have been
reclassified to conform to the 2008 presentation. 

Note
3. Inventories 

Inventories
of continuing operations consist of the following: 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Raw
 materials, including core inventories 

57,621 

57,695 

Work-in-process 

760 

1,467 

Finished
 goods 

4,953 

4,832 

63,334 

63,994 

As of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, the raw materials inventory balances were net of
inventory reserves of 6,943 and 6,094, respectively. 

57 

Table of Contents 

Note
4. Property,
Plant and Equipment 

Property,
plant and equipment are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Land 

2,261 

2,463 

Buildings 

12,170 

12,639 

Machinery
 and
 equipment 

110,958 

106,553 

Autos
 and
 trucks 

2,162 

2,239 

Furniture
 and
 fixtures 

3,127 

3,124 

Leasehold
 improvements 

17,334 

15,886 

Construction
 in
 process 

852 

1,268 

148,864 

144,172 

Less: Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

(96,136) 

(87,710) 

52,728 

56,462 

For the
twelve months ended December 31, 2008, property, plant and equipment and
accumulated depreciation decreased by 5,593 and 4,792, respectively, due to
changes in the foreign exchange conversion rate between the U.S. dollar and
Great Britain pound. 

Note
5. Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

The
change in the carrying amount of goodwill of continuing operations by reportable
segment and a reconciliation to the consolidated financial statements is
summarized as follows: 

Logistics 

Drivetrain 

Consolidated 

Balances
 at December 31, 2006 and 2007 

16,238 

116,137 

132,375 

Impairment 

(79,146) 

(79,146) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2008 

16,238 

36,991 

53,229 

Intangible
Assets 

The
Company s intangible assets of continuing operations, consists of a non-compete
agreement. The non-compete agreement is being amortized over its estimated
useful life. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, intangible assets of
 55 and 211, are reflected net of accumulated amortization of 1,518 and
 1,413, respectively. The non-compete agreement costs will be fully
amortized by December 31, 2009. 

Note
6. Accrued
Expenses 

Accrued
expenses of continuing operations are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Payroll,
 employee benefits and related costs 

13,682 

21,912 

Customer
 related allowances, discounts and other credits 

4,388 

3,565 

Warranty 

1,885 

2,154 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

1,522 

101 

Liability
 for insured losses 

1,100 

1,484 

Other 

3,286 

5,279 

25,863 

34,495 

58 

Table of Contents 

Note
7. Warranty
Liability 

The
Company offers various product warranties for transmissions and engines sold to
its customers in the Drivetrain segment. The specific terms and
conditions of the warranties vary depending upon the customer and the product
sold. Factors that affect the Company s warranty liability include
number of products sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and
cost per claim. The Company accrues for estimated warranty costs as
sales are made and periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty
liability, included in accrued expenses, and adjusts the amount as
necessary. 

Changes
to the Company s warranty liability of continuing operations during the years
ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 are summarized as follows: 

Balance
 at December 31,
 2005 

2,499 

Warranties
 issued 

1,292 

Claims
 paid /
 settlements 

(1,297) 

Changes
 in liability for pre-existing
 warranties 

(509) 

Balance
 at December 31,
 2006 

1,985 

Warranties
 issued 

1,592 

Claims
 paid /
 settlements 

(845) 

Changes
 in liability for pre-existing
 warranties 

(578) 

Balance
 at December 31,
 2007 

2,154 

Warranties
 issued 

951 

Claims
 paid /
 settlements 

(666) 

Changes
 in liability for pre-existing
 warranties 

(554) 

Balance
 at December 31,
 2008 

1,885 

Note
8. Credit
Facility 

On March
21, 2006, the Company executed a credit agreement and related security agreement
with certain banks that provide the Company with a 150,000 five-year senior
secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). The Credit
Facility can be increased by up to 75,000 under certain circumstances and
subject to certain conditions (including the receipt from one or more lenders of
the additional commitments that may be requested). 

Amounts
outstanding under the Credit Facility generally bear interest at LIBOR plus a
specified margin or the prime rate plus a specified margin, depending on the
type of borrowing being made. The applicable margin is based on the
Company s ratio of debt to EBITDA from time to time. Currently, the
Company s LIBOR margin is 1.0 and its prime rate margin is zero. Additionally,
the Company is required to pay quarterly in arrears a commitment fee based on
the average daily unused portion of the Credit Facility during such quarter,
currently at a rate 0.20 per annum. The Company must also pay fees
on outstanding letters of credit at a rate per annum equal to the applicable
LIBOR margin then in effect. 

Amounts
advanced under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by all of the Company s
domestic subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company s assets
and its domestic subsidiaries' assets. The credit and security
agreements contain several covenants, including ones that require the Company to
maintain specified levels of net worth, leverage and interest coverage and
others that may limit its ability to create liens, make investments, incur
indebtedness, make fundamental changes, make asset dispositions, make restricted
payments (including dividends) and engage in transactions with the Company s
affiliates and affiliates of its subsidiaries. The Company was in
compliance with all debt covenants at December 31, 2008. 

Amounts
outstanding under the Credit Facility are generally due and payable on the
March 31, 2011 expiration date of the credit agreement. The
Company can elect to prepay some or all of the outstanding balance from time to
time without penalty or capacity reduction. 

59 

Table of Contents 

As of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Company had no amounts outstanding under the
Credit Facility and had letters of credit issued against the Credit Facility of
 890 and 1,490, respectively. As of December 31, 2008, the borrowing
capacity of the Credit Facility was 149,110. (See Note 20 
Subsequent Event.) 

Note
9. Income
Taxes 

Income
tax (benefit) expense from continuing operations consists of the
following: 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Current: 

Federal 

16,083 

20,496 

10,106 

State 

2,729 

2,796 

1,090 

Foreign 

(65) 

317 

241 

Total
 current 

18,747 

23,609 

11,437 

Deferred: 

Federal 

(20,630) 

4,615 

4,870 

State 

(1,465) 

(382) 

(409) 

Foreign 

925 

110 

(2,887) 

Total
 deferred 

(21,170) 

4,343 

1,574 

(2,423) 

27,952 

13,011 

Income
(loss) from continuing operations before income taxes is summarized as
follows: 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Domestic 

(23,107) 

75,416 

43,821 

Foreign 

(2,005) 

(342) 

(9,152) 

Total 

(25,112) 

75,074 

34,669 

The
reconciliation of income tax (benefit) expense computed at the U.S. federal
statutory tax rates to income tax (benefit) expense from continuing operations
is as follows: 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Tax
 at U.S. statutory rates 

(8,790) 

35.0 

26,276 

35.0 

12,134 

35.0 

State
 income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

943 

(3.7) 

1,587 

2.1 

699 

2.0 

Foreign
 income taxes 

131 

(0.5) 

17 

458 

1.3 

Increase
 in valuation allowance 

54 

0.1 

Nondeductible
 expenses 

119 

(0.5) 

128 

0.2 

108 

0.3 

Federal
 and state credits 

(155) 

0.6 

(500) 

(0.7) 

(183) 

(0.5) 

Nondeductible
 portion of goodwill impairment 

6,240 

(24.8) 

Other 

(911) 

3.6 

444 

0.6 

(259) 

(0.7) 

(2,423) 

9.7 

27,952 

37.2 

13,011 

37.5 

60 

Table of Contents 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company evaluates its deferred tax
assets and liabilities at each reporting period in order to properly reflect
their tax effects at the currently enacted tax rates. Effective April
1, 2008, the tax rate in the U.K. was reduced to 28 from 30 . 

Significant
components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows: 

December
 31, 

2008 

2007 

Deferred
 tax assets: 

Inventory
 obsolescence reserve 

1,997 

1,998 

Product
 warranty accruals 

659 

734 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges accruals 

809 

281 

Other
 nondeductible accruals 

6,815 

4,932 

Credit
 carryforwards 

376 

996 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

7,693 

6,194 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

18,349 

15,135 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

8,613 

26,533 

Property,
 plant and equipment 

2,542 

2,071 

Total
 deferred tax liabilities 

11,155 

28,604 

Valuation
 allowance 

(6,334) 

(6,445) 

Net
 deferred tax asset (liability) 

860 

(19,914) 

As of
December 31, 2008, the Company had state loss carryforwards of approximately
 13,637 (expiring in varying amounts from 2013 to 2028) attributable to states
in which the Company s primary operations are located. In addition,
the Company has state loss carryforwards attributable to states in which the
Company no longer conducts business that are subject to a full valuation
allowance. During 2008, the Company created state operating loss
carryforwards of 696. During 2007, the Company utilized income tax benefits
associated with continuing operations of 813 from federal operating loss
carryforwards, and 42 from state operating loss carryforwards.Also, the Company
has foreign net operating losses which have an indefinite carryforward
period. 

During
2007, the Company utilized Alternative Minimum Tax AMT credit carryforwards
of approximately 850. Also, during 2008 and 2007, the Company
completed a study of research and development credits and recorded a tax benefit
of 122 and 295, respectively, available to offset its current federal tax
payable. The Company, through its subsidiary in the U.K., has surplus
Advance Corporate Tax ACT of approximately 323 available as a direct offset
to future U.K. tax liability. The Company s surplus ACT can be
carried forward indefinitely. The Company did not utilize any tax
benefits associated with its ACT carryforward in 2008, 2007 or
2006. 

A
valuation allowance has been established for the tax benefits associated with
certain state loss carryforwards as realization is not deemed likely due to
limitations imposed by certain states on the Company s ability to utilize these
benefits. A valuation allowance has also been established for certain
foreign tax benefits due to similar limitations imposed by the foreign tax
jurisdiction. The Company believes that, consistent with the U.S generally
accepted accounting principles, it is more likely than not that the tax benefits
associated with the balance of loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets
will be realized through future taxable earnings or alternative tax
strategies. 

During
2008, the Company s income tax valuation allowance decreased by 111 to 6,334
from 6,445, primarily due to the expiration of certain state net operating loss
carryforwards that had full valuation allowances recorded against
them. 

61 

Table of Contents 

As of
December 31, 2008, there were approximately 2,504 of accumulated unremitted
earnings from the Company s U.K. subsidiary with respect to which deferred tax
has not been provided because the undistributed earnings of the U.K. subsidiary
are indefinitely reinvested. 

In June
2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48 FIN 48 ), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 .FIN 48 clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes. This Interpretation prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and
transition. 

In
connection with the Company s adoption of FIN 48, as of January 1, 2007, the
Company recorded a net decrease to retained earnings of 184 and reclassified
certain previously recognized deferred tax attributes as FIN 48 liabilities
related to the recognition and measurement of positions the Company had taken
with respect to certain tax credits allowed in its state income tax filings with
the State of Oklahoma. The total liabilities associated with
unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax
rates were 1,637, 1,608 and 1,719 as of December 31, 2008, December 31, 2007
and January 1, 2007, respectively. 

A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for liabilities associated
with unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

2008 

2007 

Balances
 at beginning of
 year 

1,608 

1,719 

Tax
 positions related to the current
 year 

29 

73 

Settlements
 with tax
 authorities 

(184) 

Balances
 at end of
 year 

1,637 

1,608 

The last
year of the Company s tax returns that was examined by the IRS was 2004, and all
years up through and including that year are closed by examination.The Company s
primary state tax jurisdictions are Illinois, Missouri, Oklahoma, and Texas and
its only international jurisdiction is the United Kingdom. The
following table summarizes the open tax years for each major
jurisdiction: 

Jurisdiction 

Open
 Tax Years 

Federal 

2005-2007 

Illinois 

2007-2007 

Missouri 

2005-2007 

Oklahoma 

1999-2007 

Texas 

2004-2007 

United
 Kingdom 

2007-2007 

Consistent
with its historical financial reporting, the Company has elected to classify
interest expense related to income tax liabilities, when applicable, as part of
the interest expense in its consolidated statements of operations rather than
income tax (benefit) expense. The Company classifies any income tax
penalties as part of selling, general and administrative expense in its
consolidated statements of operations. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Note
10. Stock-Based
Awards 

The
Company provides stock options and other incentive stock awards Stock Awards to employees, non-employee directors and independent contractors under its 2006
Stock Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan ), its 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2004
Plan ), its 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2002 Plan ), its 2000 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2000 Plan ), its 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, which expired
on March 16, 2008, (the 1998 Plan and its 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, which
expired on July 29, 2004, (the 1996 Plan (collectively the Plans ), all of
which have been approved by the Company s stockholders. The 1996,
1998, 2000 and 2002 plans provide for granting of non-qualified and incentive
stock option awards while the 2004 and 2006 plans provide for the granting of
non-qualified stock option awards but not incentive options. Stock
options under the Plans are generally granted with an exercise price equal to
the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant with vesting
periods that have ranged from six months to five years, as determined by the
Board of Directors or the Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board of
Directors. Options under the Plans expire ten years from the date of
grant. Upon exercise of stock options or granting of Restricted
Stock, the Company issues new shares of its common stock. The 2006,
2004, 2002, 2000 and 1998 plans authorize the issuance of 1,100,000, 1,000,000,
1,000,000, 750,000 and 1,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
respectively. Shares available for grant under the Plans in the
aggregate were 493,728, 842,169 and 1,195,679 as of December 31, 2008, 2007
and 2006, respectively. 

Stock
Options 

A summary
of the Plans stock option activities during the year ended December 31, 2008 is
presented below: 

Shares 

Weighted- 

 Average 

 Exercise 

Price 

Weighted- 

Average
 Remaining Contractual Term (in years) 

Aggregate
 Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding
 at January 1, 2008 

1,514,727 

21.84 

Granted
 at market price 

288,777 

22.10 

Exercised 

(19,166) 

13.23 

Forfeited 

(28,336) 

28.12 

Expired 

(8,980) 

23.31 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2008 

1,747,022 

21.87 

6.0 

754 

Vested
 and expected to vest at December 31, 2008 

1,738,290 

21.88 

6.0 

754 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2008 

1,247,422 

21.07 

4.9 

754 

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between
the Company s closing stock price on December 31, 2008 and the exercise price of
each stock option, multiplied by the number of in-the-money stock
options. This amount changes based upon the fair market value of the
Company s common stock. 

The total
intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2008,
2007 and 2006 was 160, 3,119 and 3,778, respectively. The weighted
average fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31,
2008, 2007 and 2006 is estimated at 6.74, 8.79 and 8.67, respectively. The
Company estimates that as of December 31, 2008 it had 1,598 of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under the Plans,
which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.3
years. 

63 

Table of Contents 

The
following summarizes information about options outstanding as of
December 31, 2008: 

Options
 Outstanding 

Options
 Exercisable 

Range
 of 

 Exercise 

 Prices 

Shares 

Weighted- 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Contractual 

 Life 

Weighted- 

 Average 

 Exercise 

 Prices 

Shares 

Weighted- 

 Average 

 Exercise 

 Prices 

5.00
 - 8.00 
 
 31,000 

2.35
 years 

5.06 
 
 31,000 

5.06 

8.01
 - 12.00 
 
 82,000 

3.28
 years 

10.09 
 
 82,000 

10.09 

12.01
 - 18.00 
 
 518,312 

5.85
 years 

15.46 
 
 488,312 

15.37 

18.01
 - 27.00 
 
 616,506 

7.66
 years 

22.96 
 
 243,703 

23.38 

27.01
 - 32.00 
 
 499,204 

4.89
 years 

30.16 
 
 402,407 

30.07 

1,747,022 

6.03
 years 

21.87 
 
 1,247,422 

21.07 

Restricted
Stock 

The
following summarizes the status of Restricted Stock as of December 31, 2008 and
changes during the year ended December 31, 2008: 

Number
 of 

 Shares 

Weighted
 Average Grant-Date Fair Value 

Unvested
 balance at January 1, 2008 

224,625 

25.83 

Granted 

140,417 

21.39 

Vested 

(96,040) 

23.96 

Forfeited 

(27,476) 

26.43 

Unvested
 balance at December 31, 2008 

241,526 

23.93 

The
Company estimates that as of December 31, 2008 it had 2,759 of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to Restricted Stock granted under the
Plans, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of
1.3 years. The total fair value of shares that vested during the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 was 2,201, 2,312 and 1,375,
respectively . During the years
ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Company recognized compensation
expense of 2,607 1,645 net of income taxes), 2,542 1,624 net of income
taxes) and 1,509 953 net of income taxes), respectively, related to
Restricted Stock awards.The weighted average grant-date fair value of Restricted
Stock granted during 2007 and 2006 was 28.43 and 24.51,
respectively. 

Note
11. Repurchases
of Common Stock 

On
February 28, 2008, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a plan for the
Company to repurchase up to 50,000 of its common stock during
2008. The repurchases were made (i) pursuant to a plan complying with
Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) in accordance
with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act. Pursuant to this
program, the Company purchased 2,489,671 shares of its common stock at an
aggregate cost of 50,075 including broker commissions and transaction fees,
during the year ended December 31, 2008. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, certain officers and employees of
the Company delivered to the Company 22,784 and 17,026 shares of the Company s
common stock in payment of 515 and 487, respectively, of minimum withholding
tax obligations arising from the vesting of Restricted Stock
awards. Per the stock incentive plans under which the stock awards
were granted, (i) the withholding tax obligation was based upon the fair market
value of the Company s common stock on the vesting date and (ii) the shares
returned to the Company in satisfaction of the withholding tax obligation were
returned to their respective plan and are available for future
grant. Also during 2007, 336 shares were returned as payment of 10
towards an outstanding employee advance. 

64 

Table of Contents 

In
addition, 27,476 and 7,978 shares of the Company s common stock were returned to
treasury, at no cost, due to the forfeiture of Restricted Stock awards during
2008 and 2007, respectively. 

Note
12 Earnings
Per Share 

The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share from continuing operations: 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Numerator: 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

(22,689) 

47,122 

21,658 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average
 common shares outstanding 

20,877,564 

21,806,115 

21,714,161 

Effect
 of dilutive securities: Common stock equivalents 

- 

337,608 

213,131 

Denominator
 for diluted earnings per common share 

20,877,564 

22,143,723 

21,927,292 

Per
 common share - 
 basic 

(1.09) 

2.16 

1.00 

Per
 common share - 
 diluted 

(1.09) 

2.13 

0.99 

Due to
the loss reported in 2008, the 2008 share calculation excludes the antidilutive
effect of stock options and Restricted Stock which would have been 207,861, had
the Company not reported a loss. 

Note
13. Employee
Retirement Plans 

The
Company s defined contribution plan provides substantially all U.S. salaried and
hourly employees an opportunity to accumulate personal funds for their
retirement, subject to minimum duration of employment
requirements. As determined by the provision of the plan,
contributions are made on a before-tax basis and the Company matches a portion
of the employees' basic voluntary contributions. Company matching
contributions to defined contribution plans were approximately 1,545, 1,346
and 1,134 for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006,
respectively. 

During
2005, the Company adopted a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for certain
employees and directors. Under the terms of this plan, funds are
withheld from the participant s pre-tax earnings, a portion of which are matched
by the Company, and are placed into a trust in which the use of the trust assets
by the Company is restricted to future distributions to plan
participants. Distributions, as specified by the plan participants,
are made upon the participants termination from the plan or over contractually
defined pay dates ranging from less than one year to twelve years from December
31, 2008. The assets of the trust primarily consist of mutual fund
securities and are available to satisfy claims of the Company s general
creditors in the event of its bankruptcy. The
Company applies the provisions of EITF No. 97-14 , Accounting for Deferred Compensation
Arrangements Where Amounts Earned Are Held in a Rabbi Trust and
Invested. Accordingly, the deferred compensation obligation
has been classified as a liability and is adjusted, with a corresponding charge
(or credit) to compensation cost, to reflect changes in the fair value of the
amount owed to the employee. The Company consolidates the assets and liabilities
related to the nonqualified deferred compensation plan into its consolidated
financial statements. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the trust s
assets were 5,126 and 3,019 and the corresponding compensation liability,
included in the long term portion of deferred compensation, was 5,107 and
 3,000, respectively. 

65 

Table of Contents 

The
Company classifies these investments as available-for-sale securities, with
unrealized holding gains and losses reported net of tax in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). The following is a summary of the
trust s assets: 

December
 31, 

2008 

2007 

Cost
 basis of
 investments 

5,612 

3,043 

Gross
 unrealized holding
 gains 

10 

Gross
 unrealized holding
 losses 

(486) 

(34) 

Aggregate
 fair
 value 

5,126 

3,019 

During
2008, the Company s gross realized gains and losses from its available-for-sale
securities were 64 and 184, respectively, and were classified in other income,
net. Prior to the 2008, gross realized gains and losses from these
investments were negligible. 

In
addition, the Company s subsidiary located in the U.K. provides a voluntary
retirement benefits plan for its employees. Company-matching
contributions to this plan were approximately 333, 370 and 334 for the years
ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

Note
14. Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The
balances included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as
follows: 

December
 31, 

2008 

2007 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

(710) 

3,781 

Unrealized
 loss on available-for-sale securities, net of income taxes 

(259) 

(15) 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) 

(969) 

3,766 

Note
15. Discontinued
Operations 

During
2008, the Company concluded that the potential return on the investment for the
NuVinci CVP project was not sufficient to continue development
activities. As a result, the Company sold certain tangible and
intangible assets related to NuVinci to Fallbrook Technologies Inc. for a total
of 6,103 4,151 paid in cash and an 8 promissory note in the principal amount
of 1,952 which was paid in full on December 31, 2008). As part of
this decision, the Company recorded pre-tax charges of 1,911 during 2008
related to the exit from this project, including charges of (i) 1,020 for
termination benefits, (ii) 469 for certain inventory deemed unusable by
Fallbrook, (iii) 228 primarily related to the write-off of capitalized patent
development costs, and (iv) 194 related to the disposal of certain fixed
assets. Net sales for the NuVinci CVP project were 752, 1,535 and
 83 for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. 

During
2006, the Company discontinued its Independent Aftermarket businesses. These
businesses, which had incurred losses since their beginning, remanufactured
engines and distributed non-OEM branded remanufactured engines and transmissions
directly to independent transmission and general repair shops and certain
aftermarket parts retailers. The Company received proceeds of 2,051
for the sale of the Independent Aftermarket engine business and ceased the
operations of the Independent Aftermarket transmission business, with the
exception of contractual obligations for the warranty replacement for units sold
prior to its closure. During 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded
pre-tax income of 53 and a pre-tax charge of 613, respectively, primarily
related to the run-out of warranty claims on sales made prior to the closure of
the Independent Aftermarket transmission business. During 2006, the
Company recorded a pre-tax charge of 13,261 related to the exit from these
businesses including (i) 9,779 for the write-down of inventory to estimated net
realizable value, (ii) 1,385 for the impairment of goodwill, (iii) 775 for the
write-down of property, plant and equipment, (iv) 707 of severance costs, (v)
 398 for the write-down of accounts receivable, and (vi) 217 of other costs
primarily related to a settlement with a customer. 

66 

Table of Contents 

Net sales
for the Independent Aftermarket businesses were 8,030 for the year ended
December 31, 2006. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the current
liabilities of the discontinued Independent Aftermarket businesses were
primarily related to a warranty accrual to service the run-out of warranty
claims on sales made prior to the closure of the transmission
business. 

During
2004, GM resourced its remanufactured transmission program from the Company s
facility located in Gastonia, North Carolina, and correspondingly, the Company
closed this facility. Upon the closure of the facility in the fourth
quarter of 2004, the operations of this operating unit within the Company s
Drivetrain segment were reclassified as discontinued operations. In
connection with the Gastonia facility closure, the Company recorded a pre-tax
charge of 28,773 during 2004. During 2006, the Company recorded a
charge of 44 (net of income taxes of 24), related to the closure of this
operating unit. 

In
October 2000, the Company sold its ATC Distribution Group business unit (a
distributor of remanufactured transmissions and related drivetrain components to
independent aftermarket customers now owned by Transtar Industries, Inc.),
classified the results of this business as part of discontinued operations, and
recorded a pre-tax loss of 141,429 from the sale of this
business. During 2006 the Company recorded income of 60 (net of
income taxes of 30) based upon updated information regarding obligations for
certain costs related to the sale of this business. 

Details
of the loss recorded from discontinued operations are as follows: 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

NuVinci: 

Loss
 from sale and exit 

(1,911) 

Operating
 loss 

(2,418) 

(11,689) 

(6,422) 

Loss
 before income taxes 

(4,329) 

(11,689) 

(6,422) 

Income
 tax benefit 

1,818 

4,548 

2,505 

Loss
 from Nuvinci project, net of income taxes 

(2,511) 

(7,141) 

(3,917) 

Independent
 Aftermarket: 

Gain
 (loss) from closure and sale of businesses 

46 

(266) 

(13,261) 

Operating
 income (loss) 

7 

(355) 

(1,576) 

Non-operating
 income 

8 

143 

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

53 

(613) 

(14,694) 

Income
 tax (expense) benefit 

(22) 

239 

4,960 

Gain
 (loss) from Independent Aftermarket, net of income taxes 

31 

(374) 

(9,734) 

Gastonia
 Operations: 

Other
 costs and
 expenses 

(68) 

Loss
 before income
 taxes 

(68) 

Income
 tax
 benefit 

24 

Loss
 from Gastonia operations, net of income taxes 

(44) 

ATC Distribution
 Group: 

Income
 before income
 taxes 

90 

Income
 tax
 expense 

(30) 

Gain
 from ATC Distribution Group, net of income taxes 

60 

Loss
 from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 

(2,480) 

(7,515) 

(13,635) 

67 

Table of Contents 

Details
of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are as
follows: 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Assets: 

NuVinci : 

Accounts
 receivable 

52 

476 

Inventory 

1,601 

Prepaid
 and other assets 

331 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

4,525 

Intangible
 assets, net 

681 

Total
 assets of discontinued operations 

52 

7,614 

Liabilities: 

NuVinci: 

Current
 liabilities 

363 

506 

Independent
 Aftermarket: 

Current
 liabilities 

90 

283 

Total
 liabilities of discontinued operations 

453 

789 

Note
16. Commitments and
Contingencies 

The
Company leases certain facilities and equipment under various operating lease
agreements, which expire on various dates through 2019. Facility
leases that expire generally are expected to be renewed or replaced by other
leases. Future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable
operating leases with terms in excess of one year are as follows: 

For the years ended
 December 31, 

Operating 

 Leases 

2009 

7,291 

2010 

3,685 

2011 

2,649 

2012 

2,439 

2013 

2,129 

2014
 and thereafter 

3,029 

Total
 minimum lease payments 

21,222 

Rent
expense for all operating leases approximated 10,892, 9,245 and 8,805 for the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The
Company has several operating leases that expire in 2009 and 2010 with rental
commitments of 4,190 in 2009 and 724 in 2010. The Company expects
to renew most of these leases with the exception of the lease for the
Springfield, Missouri facility, which has a 2009 rental commitment of 568 and
is being closed in 2009 (see Note 18 - Exit, Disposal, Certain
Severance and Other Charges). The foregoing table does not reflect
the expected renewal of the expiring leases. 

From time
to time, the Company has been, and currently is, involved in various legal
claims arising in connection with its business. While the results of
these claims cannot be predicted with certainty, as of December 31, 2008, there
were no asserted claims against the Company that, in the opinion of management,
if adversely decided, would have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

68 

Table of Contents 

The
Company is subject to various evolving federal, state, local and foreign
environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, emissions to
air, discharge to waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation,
treatment and disposal of a variety of hazardous and non-hazardous substances
and wastes. These laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and
criminal sanctions for violations and impose liability for the costs of cleaning
up, and damages resulting from, past spills, disposals or other releases of
hazardous substances. 

In
connection with the acquisition of certain subsidiaries, some of which have been
subsequently divested or relocated, the Company conducted certain investigations
of these companies' facilities and their compliance with applicable
environmental laws. The investigations, which included Phase I assessments
by independent consultants of all manufacturing and various distribution
facilities, found that a number of these facilities have had or may have had
releases of hazardous materials that may require remediation and also may be
subject to potential liabilities for contamination from off-site disposal of
substances or wastes. These assessments also found that reporting and other
regulatory requirements, including waste management procedures, were not or may
not have been satisfied. Although there can be no assurance, the Company
believes that, based in part on the investigations conducted, in part on certain
remediation completed prior to or since the acquisitions, and in part on the
indemnification provisions of the agreements entered into in connection with the
Company's acquisitions, the Company will not incur any material liabilities
relating to these matters. 

In
connection with the sale of the ATC Distribution Group, a former segment of the
Company s business was discontinued and sold during 2000 (the "DG Sale") and now
owned by Transtar Industries, Inc., the Company agreed to certain matters with
the buyer that could result in contingent liability to the Company in the
future. These include the Company's indemnification of the buyer
against (i) environmental liability at former ATC Distribution Group
facilities that had been closed prior to the DG Sale, including former
manufacturing facilities in Azusa, California, Mexicali, Mexico and Dayton,
Ohio, (ii) any other environmental liability of the ATC Distribution Group
relating to periods prior to the DG Sale, subject to an 850
deductible 100 in the case of the closed facilities) and a 12,000 cap (except
with respect to closed facilities) and (iii) any tax liability of the ATC
Distribution Group relating to periods prior to the DG Sale. 

Note
17. Segment
Information 

Within
the Company, financial performance is measured by lines of
business. The Company aggregates certain of its operating units to
form two reportable segments: the Logistics segment and the Drivetrain
segment. The Logistics segment provides value-added warehousing,
packaging and distribution, reverse logistics, turnkey order fulfillment,
electronic equipment testing, and refurbishment and repair services. The
principal customers are currently in the wireless, consumer electronics and
automotive industries and include AT T, TomTom, Nokia, LG, T-Mobile, TiVo,
SonyEricsson, GM and Delphi. The Drivetrain segment primarily sells
remanufactured transmissions to Ford, Honda, Allison, Chrysler, GM and certain
foreign OEMs, primarily for use as replacement parts by their domestic dealers
during the warranty and/or post-warranty periods following the sale of a
vehicle. In addition, the Drivetrain segment sells select
remanufactured engines primarily to certain OEMs in Europe. The reportable
segments are each managed and measured separately primarily due to the differing
customers and distribution channels. 

The
Company evaluates performance based upon operating income. The
reportable segments accounting policies are the same as those of the
Company. Fixed corporate overhead is allocated equally to each of the
Company s reportable segments while certain costs that are variable in nature
are allocated based on the cost driver. Internal information systems
costs are allocated based upon usage estimates. 

69 

Table of Contents 

Financial
information relating to the Company s reportable segments and a reconciliation
to the consolidated financial statements are as follows as of and for the years
ended December 31: 

Logistics 

Drivetrain 

Corporate 

Discontinued 

 Assets 

Consolidated 

2008: 

Net
 sales from external customers 

353,416 

177,144 

530,560 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

6,454 

8,114 

14,568 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

79,146 

79,146 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

269 

10,741 

11,010 

Operating
 income (loss) 

56,234 

(81,291) 

(25,057) 

Total
 assets 

124,959 

129,952 

27,379 

52 

282,342 

Goodwill 

16,238 

36,991 

53,229 

Expenditures
 of long-lived assets, net 

7,747 

2,942 

643 

11,332 

2007: 

Net
 sales from external customers 

293,917 

235,254 

529,171 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

5,643 

9,230 

14,873 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges (credits) 

(17) 

3,390 

3,373 

Operating
 income 

45,038 

29,748 

74,786 

Total
 assets 

96,688 

232,641 

52,431 

7,614 

389,374 

Goodwill 

16,238 

116,137 

132,375 

Expenditures
 of long-lived assets, net 

9,848 

9,388 

138 

19,374 

2006: 

Net
 sales from external customers 

263,405 

234,486 

497,891 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

5,455 

8,258 

13,713 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

2,870 

11,722 

14,592 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

459 

1,479 

1,938 

Operating
 income 

24,392 

15,398 

39,790 

Total
 assets 

90,604 

233,849 

17,877 

3,347 

345,677 

Goodwill 

16,238 

116,137 

132,375 

Expenditures
 of long-lived assets 

5,871 

4,658 

107 

10,636 

70 

Table of Contents 

Geographic
information for revenues, determined by destination of sale and long-lived
assets, determined by the location of the Company s facilities is as
follows: 

As
 of and for the 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net sales: 

United
 States 

508,380 

502,048 

471,430 

Europe
 and
 Canada 

22,180 

27,123 

26,461 

Consolidated
 net
 sales 

530,560 

529,171 

497,891 

Long-lived assets: 

United
 States 

110,547 

190,357 

183,207 

Europe 

2,014 

2,954 

3,528 

Assets
 of discontinued
 operations 

5,206 

2,112 

Consolidated
 long-lived
 assets 

112,561 

198,517 

188,847 

During
the year ended December 31, 2008, net sales from each of four customers amounted
to 10 percent or more of the Company s net sales. For the years ended
December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, sales to AT T (Logistics segment)
accounted for 226,994, 195,302 and 208,250, TomTom (Logistics segment)
accounted for 73,420, 16,440 and 1,096, Ford (Drivetrain segment) accounted
for 58,127, 75,922 and 68,710, and Honda (Drivetrain segment) accounted for
 52,092, 83,040 and 77,630, respectively. 

Note
18. Exit,
Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges 

The
Company has periodically incurred certain costs, primarily associated with
restructuring and other initiatives that include consolidation of operations or
facilities, management reorganization and delayering, rationalization of certain
products, product lines and services and asset impairments. Examples
of these costs include severance benefits for terminated employees, lease
termination and other facility exit costs, moving and relocation costs, losses
on the disposal or impairments of fixed assets, write-down of certain
inventories, and certain legal and other professional fees. 

General Activities Relating
to Exit, Disposal, Certain Severance and Other Charges: 

In 2006,
the Company incurred severance and related charges primarily related to cost
reduction initiatives of (i) 844 for its Drivetrain segment manufacturing
facilities in the United States, (ii) 209 for its Logistics segment, and (iii)
 106 at its manufacturing facility in the United Kingdom. Also in
2006, the Company recorded (i) third-party acquisition diligence and other costs
of 496 related to potential acquisitions that the Company ultimately decided
not to pursue, and (ii) 283 of costs for asset retirement obligations the
Company is contractually obligated to perform in order to restore certain leased
facilities to a condition specified in the lease agreement. 

In 2007,
the Company recorded charges of 3,390 in its Drivetrain segment consisting of
(i) 1,389 for the write-down of raw materials inventory related to the
wind-down of activities with certain low-volume customers (classified as cost of
sales products), (ii) 753 of severance and other costs primarily related to
certain management upgrades and cost reduction activities, (iii) 675 of certain
legal and other professional fees unrelated to ongoing operating activities of
the segment, and (iv) 573 of costs primarily related to fixed asset disposals
related to the exit from a leased facility, a change in the estimated useful
life of certain fixed assets, and to a lesser extent the disposal of certain
fixed assets related to the wind-down of activities with certain low-volume
customers (classified as cost of sales products). 

Also in
2007, in the Logistics segment, the Company recorded a gain of 67 primarily
related to the recovery of an insurance claim originating in 2003, partially
offset by a charge of 50 related to a potential acquisition that the Company
ultimately decided not to pursue. 

71 

Table of Contents 

In 2008,
the Company recorded charges of 1,342 consisting of (i) 850 of termination
benefits primarily related to cost reduction activities and the reorganization
of certain management functions in the Drivetrain segment, (ii) 231 of
termination benefits primarily related to cost reduction activities and the
reorganization of certain functions within the Logistics segment s information
technology group, (iii) 223 of certain legal and other
professional fees unrelated to ongoing operating activities of the Drivetrain
segment and, (iv) 38 of asset write-offs related to the wind-down of activities
with a customer in the Logistics segment. 

Facilities Consolidation
Costs Drivetrain Segment 

During
2008, the Company s Drivetrain customers and the supporting supply base
experienced unprecedented distress due to the significant adverse changes in the
North American vehicle industry due to the economic slowdown. On
December 9, 2008, the Company announced the restructuring of its North American
Drivetrain operations, including the 2009 closure of its Springfield, Missouri
automatic transmission remanufacturing facility and the consolidation of its
operations into the existing Company-owned Drivetrain facility in Oklahoma City,
Oklahoma. The closure of the Springfield facility is another step in
a series of cost-cutting moves that began in early 2008 and have continued
throughout the year to streamline the North American Drivetrain
business. The decision to consolidate these remanufacturing plants
was primarily driven by reduced customer volumes and the need for a
comprehensive restructuring of the Drivetrain business to align its capacity
with lower customer demand levels during this prolonged period of economic
uncertainty. The Company plans to move current production lines in
stages, thereby continuing uninterrupted and seamless delivery of product to its
customers, transferring all current Springfield production to Oklahoma City over
the first six months of 2009, to coincide with the expiration of the Springfield
facility lease at the end of 2009. 

As a
result of these restructuring activities, during the fourth quarter of 2008, the
Company recorded 9,668 of exit, disposal, certain severance and other charges
which included (i) 7,310 for the write-down of raw materials inventory due to
the determination of excess quantities of raw materials on hand as a result of
the recent decline in volume and the consolidation of facilities (classified as
cost of sales products), which includes the disposal of 6,598 of inventory,
(ii) 1,896 of severance costs primarily for employees being terminated as part
of the closure of the Springfield facility, (iii) 304 of costs related to fixed
asset disposals (classified as cost of sales products), and (iv) 158 of other
plant consolidation costs. 

Following
is an analysis of the reserves related to this activity: 

Termination 

 Benefits 

Exit/Other 

 Costs 

Loss
 on 

 Write-Down 

 of
 Assets 

Total 

Total
 amount expected to be incurred 

3,846 

2,808 

8,364 

15,018 

Total
 amount incurred to date 

1,896 

158 

7,614 

9,668 

Reserve
 as of December 31, 2007 

Provision
 2008 

1,896 

158 

7,614 

9,668 

Payments 2008 

(418) 

(128) 

(546) 

Asset
 write-offs 

(6,598) 

(6,598) 

Reserve
 as of December 31, 2008 

1,478 

30 

1,016 

2,524 

The
balance in the loss on write-down of assets of 1,016 as of December 31, 2008,
is included in inventory reserves. 

72 

Table of Contents 

Note
19. Selected
Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

Quarter 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

2008: 

Net
 sales 

129,542 

135,622 

138,919 

126,477 

Gross
 profit 

32,260 

29,057 

31,348 

21,934 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

79,146 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

966 

152 

214 

9,678 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations 

11,085 

8,960 

10,164 

(52,898) 

Net
 income (loss) 

8,573 

8,994 

10,162 

(52,898) 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations per common share basic 

0.51 

0.43 

0.49 

(2.66) 

Income
 (loss) from continuing operations per common share 
 diluted 

0.50 

0.42 

0.48 

(2.66) 

2007: 

Net
 sales 

131,269 

130,357 

133,260 

134,285 

Gross
 profit 

32,230 

34,193 

34,862 

36,156 

Exit,
 disposal, certain severance and other charges 

1,226 

62 

2,085 

Income
 from continuing operations 

11,611 

11,638 

12,848 

11,025 

Net
 income 

9,674 

10,072 

10,741 

9,120 

Income
 from continuing operations per common share basic 

0.54 

0.53 

0.59 

0.50 

Income
 from continuing operations per common share diluted 

0.53 

0.53 

0.58 

0.49 

Due to
the loss reported in the fourth quarter of 2008, the applicable per share
calculations above exclude the antidilutive effect of stock options and
Restricted Stock. As a result, loss per share basic is the same as
loss per share diluted during the fourth quarter of 2008. 

In
addition, due to (i) quarterly share count changes caused in part by the
Company s repurchases of common stock made during 2008 and its effect on the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding, and (ii) the loss reported
in the fourth quarter of 2008, the quarterly per share amounts in the table
above do not add up to the total loss per share for the year ended December 31,
2008. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company recorded (i) a goodwill impairment
charge of 79,146 56,776 net of income taxes, which includes an income tax
benefit of 412 from the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets primarily
related to tax deductible goodwill) related to the North American Drivetrain
segment operation, and (ii) exit, disposal, certain severance and other charges
of 9,668 6,091 net of income taxes) related to the restructuring activities
in the Drivetrain segment, including 7,614 of costs primarily related to the
write-down of raw materials inventory, which are classified as cost of sales 
products in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Exit,
disposal, certain severance and other charges include 713 and 1,249 of costs
primarily related to the wind-down of activities with certain low-volume
customers, classified as cost of sales products in the consolidated statement
of operations during the second and fourth quarters of 2007,
respectively. 

Note
20. Subsequent
Event 

On
February 10, 2009, the Company borrowed 70,000 in principal amount under the
Credit Facility in order to increase its cash position to preserve financial
flexibility in light of the current uncertainty in the credit
markets. The remaining undrawn capacity of the Credit Facility after
giving effect to this borrowing and various outstanding letters of credit is
 79,110. 

73 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(i) Disclosure Controls and
Procedures. 

We have
performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial
Officer (CFO) of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our CEO and
CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December 31, 2008 to provide assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

(ii) Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. 

(a) Management s annual
report on internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including the CEO and the CFO, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in
 Internal Control Integrated
Framework , management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective at December 31, 2008. 

(b) Attestation report of the
registered public accounting firm. 

Ernst
 Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited
the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial
reporting, which is included herein. 

(c) Changes in internal
control over financial reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the fourth quarter of 2008 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

74 

Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS , EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following lists our executive officers and directors and their respective ages
and positions as of December 31, 2008: 

Name 

Age 

Positions 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

56 

Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (1) 

Todd
 R. Peters 

46 

President
 and Chief Operating Officer (2) 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

53 

Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

John
 J. Machota 

56 

Vice
 President, Human Resources 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

51 

Vice
 President and Chief Accounting Officer 

Mary
 T. Ryan 

55 

Vice
 President, Communications and Investor Relations 

Joseph
 Salamunovich 

49 

Vice
 President, General Counsel and Secretary 

F.
 Antony Francis 

59 

President,
 ATC Logistics 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

52 

President,
 ATC Drivetrain 

Robert
 L. Evans 

56 

Director 

Curtland
 E. Fields 

57 

Director 

Dr.
 Michael J. Hartnett 

63 

Director 

Michael
 D. Jordan 

62 

Lead
 Director (3) 

S.
 Lawrence Prendergast 

67 

Director 

Edward
 Stewart 

66 

Director (3) 

_______________________ 

(1) 

Mr.
 Johnson ceased to be Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2009,
 and will cease to be Chairman of the Board effective at the annual meeting
 of stockholders in June 2009. 

(2) 

Mr.
 Peters became President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board
 of Directors effective January 1,
2009. 

(3) 

Mr.
 Stewart succeeded Mr. Jordan as Lead Director effective January 1,
 2009. 

Donald T. Johnson, Jr. joined
us as President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2004. In
February 2004 Mr. Johnson became Chief Executive Officer, and became a
member of the Board of Directors in May 2004 and Chairman of the Board in June
2005. In May 2008 he ceased to be President and in January 2009 he
ceased to be Chief Executive Officer. Before joining us,
Mr. Johnson was Global Director, Parts, Supply and Logistics for Ford Motor
Company since 1999. Prior to that, Mr. Johnson spent 26 years
working for Caterpillar, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including serving as Vice
President of Caterpillar Logistics Services, Inc. from 1992 until he joined
Ford. Mr. Johnson is lead director and chairman of the
compensation committee of the board of directors of Accuride
Corporation. Mr. Johnson holds a B.A. in Management from the
University of Illinois. 

Todd R. Peters joined us as
Vice President, Finance in March 2004 and was appointed Chief Financial Officer
in May 2004. He was appointed President and Chief Operating
Officer in May 2008 and became President, Chief Executive Officer and a member
of the Board of Directors in January 2009. Before joining us, Mr.
Peters served TriMas Corporation, a manufacturer of automotive accessories and
industrial products, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
from 2002 to 2003 and as Vice President of Finance from 2001 to
2002. From 1994 to 2001, he held various positions with Dana
Corporation, a manufacturer in the automotive, commercial vehicle, and
off-highway markets, including Global Working Capital Team Leader from 2000 to
2001, Director of Operations Long Manufacturing from 1999 to 2000 and Vice
President of Finance from 1994 to 1999. Prior to that, Mr. Peters
worked for Coopers Lybrand for over eight years. Mr.
Peters holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Central Michigan University
and is a certified public accountant. 

75 

Table of Contents 

Ashoka Achuthan , joined us as
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on December 8, 2008. Prior
to joining us, Mr. Achuthan served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Cooper Power Systems, Inc. (a division of Cooper Industries) from 2005 to
2008. Before that, he spent 25 years with Siemens AG in increasingly
responsible financial positions, including serving as Executive Vice President
and CFO of Siemens VDO Automotive Corporation from 2000 to
2005. Mr. Achuthan holds an M.B.A. from Case Western Reserve
University and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India. 

John J. Machota joined us as
Vice President, Human Resources in 1997. From 1996 to 1997, he was a
self-employed human resources consultant. Before that he spent ten
years with Waste Management , Inc. in various human resources positions
including Vice President, Compensation from 1995 to 1996 and Vice President,
Human Resource Services from 1993 to 1995. Mr. Machota holds an
M.S. in Industrial Relations from Loyola University, Chicago. 

John M. Pinkerton joined us
as Manager, Planning and Analysis in 1999, became Corporate Controller in 2000
and became an executive officer in June 2005 when he was appointed Vice
President and Controller. In December 2008 Mr. Pinkerton became Vice
President and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining us, he was
an independent financial consultant during 1998 and prior to that he spent ten
years with Grimes Aerospace Company, an international engineering, manufacturing
and distribution company, where he held various financial analysis and planning
related positions, including Director, Strategic
Planning. Mr. Pinkerton holds an M.B.A. from the University of
Wisconsin-Milwaukee and is a certified public accountant
(inactive). 

Mary T. Ryan joined us as
Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations in 1999. From
1996 to 1998, Ms. Ryan served as Vice President, Corporate Affairs for
American Disposal Services, Inc. From 1995 to 1996, she was a
self-employed public relations consultant. Prior to that,
Ms. Ryan was employed for more than ten years with Waste
Management, Inc. Ms. Ryan holds an M.B.A. from DePaul
University. 

Joseph Salamunovich joined us
as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in 1997. From 1986
to 1994 Mr. Salamunovich was an associate, and from 1995 to 1997 he was a
partner, in the law firm of Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP, where he
specialized in corporate and securities law
matters. Mr. Salamunovich holds a J.D. from Loyola Law School,
Los Angeles. 

F. Antony Francis joined us
in July 2007 as Vice President and General Manager of OEM Services for our ATC
Logistics business and became President of ATC Logistics in June 2008. Prior to joining us, Mr.
Francis was President and Chief Operating Officer of Plan Express, Inc., a
provider of construction document management, printing, and logistics solutions,
from 2005. From 2001 to 2002 and again from 2003 to 2005
Mr. Francis was with Commerce Chain Consulting, during portions of which
time he served as interim Chief Executive Officer of MRM Fulfillment, Inc., a
third party logistics provider, and acting Chief Operating Officer of NewRoads,
Inc, a catalog and e-commerce fulfillment provider. Between 2002 and
2003, he was Vice President of worldwide customer operations for Perkin Elmer s
Life and Analytical Sciences division. From 1999 to 2001 Mr. Francis
was Vice President of Global Operations of SciQuest.com, an e-commerce
transaction market place for scientific products. Between 1988 and
1999 Mr. Francis held increasingly responsible positions with Federal Express
Corporation, including Vice President/General Manager, Europe, Middle East and
Africa for FedEx s Logistics, Electronic Commerce and Customer Services
division. Mr. Francis is a graduate of The City of London Polytechnic
and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales. 

Richard L. Stanley joined us
in July 2007 as President of our ATC Drivetrain business. From 1998
to 2006 Mr. Stanley was President of Remy Inc. (formerly Delco Remy America),
the largest division of Remy International, a global manufacturer/remanufacturer
of starters and alternators for both automotive/heavy duty/industrial OEMs and
the aftermarket (Remy International filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code in October 2007). From 1994 to 1998 Mr.
Stanley served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Remy s Automotive
Systems division. Between 1978 to 1994 he held increasingly
responsible engineering and operations management positions at the Delco Remy
division of General Motors Corporation. Mr. Stanley holds an
M.S. in Manufacturing Management from Kettering University. 

76 

Table of Contents 

Robert L. Evans became a director of ATC
Technology Corporation in December 2004. Since August 2006, Mr. Evans
has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of
Directors of Churchill Downs Inc., a publicly held owner and operator of horse
racing venues. Previously, Mr. Evans was Managing Director of
Symphony Technology Group (a strategic holding company that invests primarily in
software and services firms) and a predecessor firm, the Valent Group, from 2001
until October 2004. Prior to that, he was President and Chief
Operating Officer of Aspect Development, Inc. from 1999 until its acquisition by
 i2 Technologies, Inc.
in 2000, after which he served as Chief Operating Officer of i2 
Technologies. Mr. Evans was employed by Accenture (formerly Andersen
Consulting) from 1993 to 1999, where he held a variety of positions, including
Managing Partner of the Americas Supply Chain practice. From 1990 to
1993 Mr. Evans served as Vice President, Customer Support (Parts 
Service) for Mazda Motor of America, and between 1975 and 1990 he held various
positions with Caterpillar Inc., including President of Caterpillar Logistics
Services. Mr. Evans
serves on our Compensation and Nominating Committee. 

Curtland E. Fields became a director of ATC
Technology Corporation in December 2004. Mr. Fields is President
 and Chief Executive Officer and a trustee of the Turrell Fund, a private
foundation. Prior to joining the Turrell Fund in 2003, Mr. Fields was
employed by AT T Corporation for over 30 years, serving most recently as
President of the Consumer Transactions Services Group between 2000 and 2003, as
President of the Consumer Markets Group (Central Region) from 1999 to 2000 and
Vice President, Strategy and Marketing for the Business Markets Group from 1998
to 1999. Prior to that he held other positions with AT T
including Financial Vice President for Investor Relations. Mr. Fields
is Chairman of our Compensation and Nominating Committee. 

Dr. Michael J. Hartnett 
became a director of ATC Technology Corporation in 1994. Since 1992,
Dr. Hartnett has been President and Chief Executive Officer, and since 2005
has been Chairman of the Board, of RBC Bearings Incorporated, a publicly held
manufacturer of ball and roller bearings. Prior to joining RBC in
1990 as General Manager of its Industrial Tectonics subsidiary, he spent
18 years with The Torrington Company, a subsidiary of
Ingersoll-Rand. Dr. Hartnett serves on our Audit
Committee. 

Michael D. Jordan became a
director of ATC Technology Corporation in May 2004 and served as Lead Director
from June 2005 to January 2009. Prior to retirement in 2001, he was
employed by Ford Motor Company for over 30 years, serving most recently as
President of Ford s Automotive Consumer Services Group since
1997. Prior to that he was President of the Ford Customer Service
Division Europe for three years. Mr. Jordan serves on our
Compensation and Nominating Committee. 

S. Lawrence Prendergast 
became a director of ATC Technology Corporation in May 2004. Between
1999 and his retirement in June 2005, he was Executive Vice President of Finance
of LaBranche Co. Inc., a New York Stock Exchange specialist
firm. Prior to that he spent over 30 years with AT T Corporation,
including serving as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
AT T Investment Management Corp. from 1997 to 1999 and as Vice President and
Treasurer of AT T Corporation for 14 years before
that. Mr. Prendergast is Chairman of our Audit
Committee. 

Edward Stewart became a director of ATC
Technology Corporation in December 2004 and Lead Director in January
2009. Prior to his retirement in 2002, he was employed by
General Electric Company for 37 years, serving most recently as Executive Vice
President of GE Capital and Chief Executive Officer of GE Card Services from
1997, and prior to that he was a Vice President of General Electric since
1991. Mr.
Stewart serves on our Audit Committee. 

Directors
serve one-year terms and are elected annually. Executive officers
serve until they resign or replacements are appointed by the Board of
Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We have
an Audit Committee, established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of
the Exchange Act, composed of S. Lawrence Prendergast (Chairman),
Dr. Michael J. Hartnett, and Edward Stewart. The Board of
Directors has determined that Mr. Prendergast is an audit committee financial
expert for purposes of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act
and that Mr. Prendergast and each of the other members of the Audit Committee is
an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. 

77 

Table of Contents 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more
than 10 of our outstanding common stock to file reports of ownership and
changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to furnish
copies of these reports to us. Based solely on a review of the copies
of the forms that we have received, we believe that all such forms required
during 2008 were filed on a timely basis. 

Code
of Ethics 

We have
adopted a code of ethics that applies to our directors, executive officers and
employees. The code of ethics contains written standards that we
believe are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote
(i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or
apparent conflicts of interest, (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and
understandable disclosure in the reports that we file with or submit to the
Securities and Exchange Commission and our other public communications,
(iii) compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations,
(iv) prompt internal reporting of violations of the code of ethics to an
appropriate person, and (v) accountability for adherence to the
code. 

The full
text of our code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to our 2003 Annual Report on
Form 10-K and is posted on our website at www.goATC.com . A
copy of the code of ethics may be obtained without charge by sending a written
request to us at 1400 Opus Place, Suite 600, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515,
attention: Corporate Secretary. In the future if we amend our code of
ethics or grant waivers thereof to any executive officer or director, we will
disclose it on our website within five business days following the date of such
amendment or waiver. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Over the
following pages, we discuss how our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief
Financial Officer CFO and four other most highly compensated executive
officers (our Named Executive Officers or NEOs were compensated in 2008,
and describe how this compensation fits into our executive compensation
philosophy. 

Company
Performance and Effect of Recent Economic Volatility 

During
2008, we faced many of the same challenges confronting all of American business
as we had to deal with the unprecedented economic and financial conditions
impacting the US economy and, more specifically, the automotive
sector. While our Logistics segment continued its steady
year-over-year growth with revenue increasing by 20.2 during 2008, our
Drivetrain segment was severely impacted by the economic distress being
experienced by our automotive customers and saw annual revenues decrease by
approximately 25 from their 2007 levels. While our 2008 operating
plans included significant cost reductions from lean and continuous improvement
activities, both segments took additional actions throughout the year to further
control costs in light of the changing economic environment. To more
closely reflect the declining sales of our North American automotive customers,
we initiated a restructuring and consolidation of the Drivetrain segment and
recorded charges of 9.7 million related to these
activities. Furthermore, the recent adverse changes in the North
American automotive industry that have depressed the outlook and valuations for
automotive-related businesses coupled with the significant changes in volumes
from our North American automotive customers caused us to reassess the carrying
value of the goodwill related to this business. Based on our
valuation work we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 79.1
million. As a result, we reported a loss from continuing operations
per share for 2008 of 1.09 or adjusted earnings per share EPS of 1.91
excluding the goodwill impairment and restructuring charges. 

78 

Table of Contents 

Changes
to Named Executive Officers During 2008 

During
2008, several management changes occurred, predicated by the planned retirements
of key executives. Donald T. Johnson, Jr. announced his plans to
retire at the conclusion of his current Board term in June 2009. As part of the
Company s leadership succession process, the Board appointed Todd R. Peters, who
had been serving as Vice President and CFO, to President and Chief Operating
Officer COO in May 2008 so that he could work more closely with Mr. Johnson
on operational issues. In July 2008, William L. Conley, Jr. retired
as President of our Logistics segment and was succeeded by F. Antony Francis,
who had been serving as Vice President and General Manager of our Logistics
segment. In December 2008 we hired Ashoka Achuthan to fill the CFO
position vacated as a result of Mr. Peters promotion and also appointed John
Pinkerton as Chief Accounting Officer CAO ). To complete the
leadership transition, Mr. Peters was promoted to President and CEO and elected
to the Board of Directors as of January 1, 2009, with Mr. Johnson retaining his
Chairman position. 

Overview
of Compensation Program 

Decisions
about the compensation of our executive officers are made by the Compensation
and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors (the Committee ), all the
members of which are independent of management. The Committee is appointed by
our Board of Directors and has responsibility for establishing, implementing and
monitoring adherence with our compensation philosophy. The Committee
reviews with the CEO the performance and approves the compensation of all
executive officers including the NEOs, conducts the annual performance appraisal
of our CEO, and recommends to the Board the CEO compensation package including
incentive compensation plans in which the CEO participates. The
Committee s goal is that the total compensation paid to our executive officers
is fair, reasonable and competitive. The types of compensation and
benefits provided to the NEOs are similar to those provided to other executive
officers. 

Compensation
Philosophy and Objectives 

Our
executive compensation philosophy is as follows: 

to
 align compensation of our executive officers with stockholder value
 creation; 

to
 provide market competitive compensation to attract and retain talented
 executives; and 

to
 link incentive compensation to continuous improvements in strategic and
 operating performance. 

The
Committee believes the current compensation arrangements provide an appropriate
level of incentive for the CEO and our other executive officers to perform at
superior levels and in a manner directly aligned with the economic interests of
our stockholders. The Committee approves and continually evaluates
our compensation policies applicable to the executive officers so that (i) we
maintain the ability to attract and retain excellent employees in key positions,
(ii) compensation provided to executive officers remains competitive relative to
the compensation paid to similarly situated executives in the competitive
market, and (iii) compensation encourages a pay-for-performance
environment. To this end, the Committee believes that executive
compensation should include both cash and stock-based compensation that rewards
performance as measured against established goals. 

Our
current executive compensation program consists of four basic
elements: 

base
 salary; 

annual
 performance-based incentive
compensation; 

long-term
 incentive/equity-based awards; and 

supplemental
 benefits. 

79 

Table of Contents 

Independent
Compensation Consultant 

The
Committee periodically uses the services of an independent executive
compensation consulting firm (the independent compensation consultant ),
currently Watson Wyatt Worldwide, which reports directly to the Committee and
works with management on behalf of the Committee as the Committee determines is
necessary. During 2008, the independent compensation consultant provided the
Committee with relevant market data and alternatives to consider when making
compensation decisions for the CEO and the other executive officers.
Additionally, the independent compensation consultant provided the Committee
with input on executive compensation items such as executive employment
agreements and change-in-control, along with providing market data on
independent director compensation programs. 

2008
Compensation 

Competitive
Benchmarking Definition of Market 

The
Committee periodically reviews compensation data for comparable executive
positions in the competitive market. The independent compensation
consultant assists with this analysis. During 2008, the consultant
provided competitive compensation analysis relating to the CEO position that the
Committee and the Board used to establish the 2009 compensation level for our
new CEO. Additionally, the independent compensation consultant
conducted and provided similar compensation data for all other executive
officers, which was to be used in the 2009 compensation review
process. 

For
purposes of competitive market analysis, the Committee reviews market data for
comparable executive positions as provided by the independent compensation
consultant. For purposes of executive compensation benchmarking, our
executive officers are matched based on job functions and
responsibilities. During 2008, we compared compensation at similarly
sized companies in general industry (the comparator group as we feel this is
the industry segment in which we compete for executive talent, especially in
light of the increasing importance of our Logistics segment. All
compensation data is size-adjusted to reflect our business size. 

In
addition to reviewing general market data for the purpose of evaluating the
CEO s total compensation, the Committee also reviewed market data for specific
logistics and manufacturing companies representing our business
mix. This group of companies was originally selected and is modified
from time to time with assistance from the independent compensation
consultant. The 2008 peer group is slightly different than the 2007
group, with increased emphasis on logistics businesses, reflecting the growing
importance of our Logistics segment to the Company. The named
companies used for benchmarking in 2008 include: 

Accuride
 Corporation 

Landstar System,
 Inc. 

Brightpoint,
 Inc. 

LKQ
 Corporation 

Dorman
 Products, Inc. 

ModusLink Global
 Solutions, Inc. 

Dynamex,
 Inc. 

Pacer International,
 Inc. 

Forward Air
 Corporation 

Park-Ohio Holdings
 Corp. 

Fuel Systems
 Solutions, Inc. 

Proliance
 International, Inc. 

Gentex
 Corporation 

Standard Motor
 Products, Inc. 

Hawk CP
 CLA 

Stoneridge,
 Inc. 

Hub Group,
 Inc. 

UTi Worldwide,
 Inc. 

InfoSonics
 Corporation 

Velocity Express
 Corporation 

Competitive
Compensation Objectives 

Our
executive compensation is based on a pay-for-performance philosophy, emphasizing
performance against measures that historically have correlated with increases in
stockholder value. It is the policy of the Committee to set
compensation targets for fixed pay (base salary and benefits) at approximately
the 50th percentile of the market as defined by the comparator group, while
variable compensation is targeted at the 50th percentile for annual incentives
and the 75th percentile for long-term incentives. 

80 

Table of Contents 

We
believe that in order to emphasize a long-term perspective directly tied to
stockholder value, a significant portion of the executive s compensation should
be in the form of incentive awards and long-term equity awards, or
 pay-at-risk. The percentage of pay-at-risk increases as the level
of business responsibility increases. This provides additional upside potential
and downside risk for senior positions, recognizing that these roles have
greater influence on our overall performance. 

The 2008
mix of total compensation for the NEOs is described in the table
below. Variable compensation represents 79 of CEO total target
compensation, and between 50 -70 of total target compensation for all other
NEOs. The Committee believes this compensation structure aligns the
financial interests of the NEOs and other executive officers with the interests
of our stockholders because it rewards management for the achievement of
long-term financial results and stockholder value creation. 

Name 

Base
 Salary 

Annual
 Incentive Target 

Long-Term
 Incentive Target 

Total 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

21 

18 

61 

100 

Todd
 R. Peters 

31 

23 

46 

100 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

35 

21 

44 

100 

F.
 Antony Francis 

35 

21 

44 

100 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

46 

20 

34 

100 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

35 

21 

44 

100 

The Base
Salary percentage included in the table above was calculated using the amounts
disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table appearing below. The
Annual Incentive Target and Long-Term Incentive Target percentages were
calculated using amounts disclosed in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table
appearing below. The elements of our executive compensation program
are described in more detail below. 

Base
Salary 

We
provide NEOs and other executive officers with a base salary to compensate them
for services rendered during the fiscal year. For each position, the
Committee establishes a base salary range that takes into consideration the
position and its responsibility, level of experience and knowledge, the market
data on salaries, internal comparability, individual performance, and
recommendations provided by the independent compensation consultant. Within that
range a specific base salary is then determined. It is our policy to
provide a base salary for a given position that is between 75 and 125 of the
market value established for that position. 

Each
year, the individual performance of the executive officers is reviewed by the
CEO. These performance assessments and the salary recommendations, if
any, are then reviewed with the Committee which, utilizing the provided market
data and existing officer salary data, either approves the recommendations or
revises them as it deems appropriate. 

In the
case of the CEO, his performance is evaluated annually by the Committee against
a detailed list of performance objectives that have been mutually agreed upon by
the Committee and the CEO at the beginning of the year. These
objectives include specific measurable financial performance metrics, business
strategy implementation milestones, and leadership development/succession
planning goals. The Committee utilizes the performance review and the
competitive market data to determine the appropriate salary level for the
CEO. The salary for the CEO is then recommended by the Committee and
reviewed and approved by the full Board of Directors. 

For 2008,
the Committee recommended and the Board concurred that Mr. Johnson s base salary
be maintained at its 2007 level of 560,000. The Committee based this
decision on its evaluation of compensation data provided by the independent
compensation consultant showing that Mr. Johnson s salary was reflective of the
competitive market. The average salary increase granted as of January
1, 2008 for the other executive officers, excluding Antony Francis and John
Pinkerton, was 3.4 , which closely reflected the average salary movement within
the comparator group. Messrs. Peters, Francis and Pinkerton received
promotional increases during the course of 2008, commensurate with their new
responsibilities, and are noted in the footnotes to the Summary Compensation
Table appearing below. 

81 

Table of Contents 

With his
appointment as CEO, effective January 1, 2009, Mr. Peters and the Board agreed
to a new employment agreement that set Mr. Peters base salary at 450,000 based
on his experience and competitive market data. Future increases, if
any, for Mr. Peters will be based on the Board s assessment of his performance
and competitive compensation data. 

While we
would have recommended 2009 merit increases and salary adjustments for the other
executive officers during the December 2008 Committee meeting, we decided to
freeze base salaries at 2008 levels until more is known about the impact of the
current economic environment on our businesses. 

Performance-Based
Incentive Compensation 

We
provide annual incentive opportunities through our Management Incentive
Compensation Plan (the IC Plan ), which rewards executive officers and other
senior management for the achievement of annual financial results. We
believe this focuses the executives on achieving annual financial goals that are
indicative of improved year-over-year performance. The IC Plan
constitutes at-risk compensation that is tied to business
results. All of the performance measures in the IC Plan reflect our
business strategy and key financial metrics that we believe will drive
stockholder value while rewarding the executive officers for exceptional
individual and corporate performance. Furthermore, under the terms of
the IC Plan, the Committee (or the Board in the case of the CEO) has the
discretion to evaluate the business results and exercise judgment to determine
the appropriate incentive payments. 

Performance
Measures . We believe EPS and earnings before interest and
taxes EBIT are key indicators of financial
performance. Therefore, the primary corporate financial measure in
the IC Plan for 2008 was EPS while EBIT served as the primary financial metric
for the business segment leadership. Corporate officer
positions are measured entirely on EPS while business segment leadership is
measured 70 on such segment s EBIT and 30 on EPS. For business
segment leadership, we believe this weighting provides the appropriate incentive
to drive business segment performance. For each of these metrics, a
minimum performance level must be achieved before any payment can be made for
that metric. For 2008, the threshold levels were as
follows: 

EPS
 93 of target 

EBIT
 85 of target (both Drivetrain and
Logistics) 

In
addition, we believe all employees must be fully committed to customer quality
and service. Therefore, the IC Plan includes a quality and service 
component pursuant to which the Committee may reduce plan awards by up to 20 if
we or a business segment do not achieve established quality and service
objectives. The quality and service objectives include items such as
service levels required by customer contracts, failure rates and warranty costs,
and are reviewed regularly by the CEO with the appropriate business
team. At the conclusion of the year, the Committee (or the Board of
Directors in the case of the CEO) reviews the quality and service performance
and, based on the recommendations from the CEO (or the Committee in the case of
the CEO), determines whether any bonus reduction is to be
implemented. 

Target Award
Opportunities . The target awards under the IC Plan have been
established based on recommendations from the independent compensation
consultant to reflect the 50 th 
percentile of annual target incentive awards for similar positions within the
market. For 2008, the target incentive award was 90 of base salary
for the CEO, 75 of base salary for the COO, and 45 to 60 of base salary for
the other NEOs, in each case with a minimum cut-off award equal to 25 of the
target award and a maximum stretch award equal to 300 of the target
award. 

Actual 2008
results . The
financial performance targets and results for 2008 were as follows: 

Financial Measure 

2008 IC Goal 

2008 Ac tua l
 Results 

2008
 Adjusted Results 1) 

Corporate
 EPS 

1.86 

(1.09) 

1.91 

Drivetrain
 EBIT (2) 

28.6
 million 

(81.3)
 million 

7.5
 million 

Logistics
 EBIT (2) 

49.8
 million 

56.2
 million 

56.2
 million 

_______________________ 

(1) 

Excludes
 88.8 million of restructuring and goodwill impairment charges incurred in
 the Drivetrain segment. 

(2) 

EBIT
 is the operating income (loss) for the
segment. 

The
Company s reported loss from continuing operations per share of 1.09 for 2008
included (i) 9.7 million of restructuring charges in our Drivetrain segment and
(ii) 79.1 million of goodwill impairment charge based on a revaluation of
goodwill related to the Drivetrain business. These charges are
directly related to the economic conditions faced by our 

82 

Table of Contents 

automotive
customers and are considered by the Committee and the Board not to be indicative
of normal operations. As noted in the table above, if these charges
were excluded, the Company achieved adjusted EPS from continuing operations of
 1.91, which exceeded the 1.86 performance target for the IC
Plan. The Committee and the Board believe that the adjusted results
are a more accurate reflection of the Company s 2008 performance. 

In
addition to the adjusted EPS, other management achievements in 2008 included
completion of a 50 million stock repurchase program, ending the year with
approximately 17.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, and Logistics segment
growth of 20.2 over 2007. 

In light
of the various actions taken by Management during 2008 to achieve the adjusted
EPS of 1.91 and the other 2008 achievements, the Committee determined that it
was appropriate to provide a bonus award for the EPS
component. Accordingly, the Committee (or the Board of Directors in
the case of the CEO) approved an incentive payment equal to 70 of target award
for the EPS component. In the judgment of the Committee and the
Board, this payment reflects the appropriate incentive reward for the strong
operating results and the strategic decisions made to reposition the
business. As a result, 2008 IC Plan payments to the NEOs were as
follows: 

Name 

Payout
 Related
 to 

 Adjusted
 EPS 

Payout
 Related
 to 

 Drivetrain
 EBIT 

Payout Related
 to 

 Logistics
 EBIT 

Total
 2008 

 Payout 

 under
 the IC Plan 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

352,800 

NA 

NA 

352,800 

Todd
 R. Peters 

176,158 

NA 

NA 

176,158 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

NA 

NA 

NA 

NA 

F.
 Antony Francis 

27,953 

NA 

128,174 

156,127 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

98,507 

NA 

NA 

98,507 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

42,210 

0 

NA 

42,210 

There
were no discretionary adjustments to the bonus amounts made during 2008 for
quality and service performance. 

Long-Term
Incentives 

Our
long-term incentive program is a key element of our total compensation
program. Long-term incentives are the largest component of variable
compensation and provide the strongest tie to long-term stockholder value by
linking a significant portion of executive compensation directly to stock price
performance. Our long-term incentive plan LTIP ), which was
approved and implemented in 2007, includes a stock component (both options and
restricted stock) and a cash component that rewards management for achieving
specific financial targets over a three-year performance period. 

LTIP Award
Opportunities . The target LTIP incentive opportunities have
been established based on the independent compensation consultant s review of
the comparator group s long-term incentive practices and our compensation
philosophy described above. For 2008, the economic value of the total
LTIP incentive award was set at 300 of salary for the CEO, 150 of salary for
the COO, 125 of salary for the CFO and business segment Presidents, and 75 of
salary for the Vice President and CAO. These award sizes are
consistent with the 75 th 
percentile of LTIP awards within the competitive marketplace. 

The
current value mix in the LTIP provides approximately 70 of the value through
the stock component and 30 of the value through the cash
component. Each of these components is discussed in more detail
below, and the Grants of Plan-Based Award Table appearing below contains the
long-term awards for each of the NEOs. 

83 

Table of Contents 

Stock
Options . Stock options reward management for increases in our
stock price above the price at the time the options are granted and thus provide
a direct link to stockholder value creation. The annual awards of
stock options for 2008 for the NEOs, other than Messrs. Johnson and Achuthan,
took place at the Committee s regularly scheduled meeting on June 3,
2008. These stock options have an exercise price of
 22.02. Mr. Johnson s grant was approved by the Board on February 6,
2008, concurrent with the signing of his new employment agreement and his
options have an exercise price of 24.19. The Committee granted
options to Mr. Achuthan at the time of his hiring on December 8, 2008 with an
exercise price of 16.98. In each of these cases the exercise price
was equal to the closing stock price on the date of grant. The
Committee and the Board have never granted options with an exercise price that
is less than the closing price of our common stock on the grant date, nor have
they granted options that are priced on a date other than the grant
date. Since the end of 1998, we have maintained a policy against
repricing stock options without stockholder approval. All awards of
stock options require approval of the Committee (or the Board of Directors in
the case of an award to the CEO). 

All stock
option grants are granted in the form of nonqualified stock options and vest at
the rate of 33.3 per year over the first three years of the ten-year option
term. In the case of NEOs other than Mr. Johnson, vesting rights
cease in connection with termination of employment except in the case of the
NEO s death, disability or termination without cause within 18 months after a
change in control, in which cases vesting is accelerated. For
Mr. Johnson, vesting may continue post-employment pursuant to a provision
of his employment agreement that provides for continued vesting under
certain circumstances. See Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change-In-Control below. 

Restricted
Stock . Restricted stock grants build executive stock ownership
and focus executives on long-term company performance. Furthermore,
awards of restricted stock are consistent with current market
practice. Restricted shares were granted to the NEOs, other than
Messrs. Johnson and Achuthan, on June 3, 2008 when the stock price was
 22.02. These restricted stock awards are nontransferable and will
vest at the rate of 33.3 per year. Mr. Johnson, in conjunction with
the signing of his new employment agreement, was granted a restricted stock
award on February 6, 2008 when the stock price was 24.19. On
December 8, 2008, when the stock price was 16.98, the Compensation Committee
granted Mr. Achuthan a restricted stock award based upon his employment and Mr.
Pinkerton a restricted stock award in recognition of his appointment as
CAO. All restricted stock awards have voting and dividend rights
(although we do not pay dividends). Awards of all restricted stock
require approval of the Committee (or the Board of Directors in the case of an
award to the CEO). 

It is the
Committee s intent to generally grant stock awards at approximately the same
time each year at the time of our annual meeting, which typically takes place
in late May or early June. We do not have a formal policy
with regards to the timing of stock option or restricted stock grants and the
release of material non-public information. 

Long-Term
Cash . The cash component of the LTIP is intended to focus the
executives on financial and strategic goals important to us over a three-year
period. The target opportunities for the cash component range
from 90 of base salary for the CEO to an average of 25 of base salary for the
other NEOs. In each case there is a cut-off award equal to 90 of
the target award and a stretch award equal to 150 of the target
award. 

The
financial performance metrics for the 2006-2008 LTIP performance period and the
2008-2010 LTIP performance period (we do not have a cash component of the LTIP
with respect to 2007-2009) are compounded annual growth rate CAGR for both
revenue and operating income, and return on invested capital ROIC ). These three financial metrics all have equal
weight. These metrics were selected because we believe that they are
key indicators and drivers of long-term stockholder value. Utilizing
the same approach as the annual plan, corporate officer positions are measured
entirely on Company results while business segment leadership is measured 70 on
such segment s results and 30 on Company results. 

84 

Table of Contents 

Actual results for the
2006-2008 Performance Period . The financial
performance targets and results for the three years ended 2008 were as
follows: 

Financial Measure 

3-Year Goal 

3-Year Actual 

ATC 

CAGR
 Revenue 

12.4 

8.1 

CAGR
 Net Income 

12.9 

-164.9 

ROIC 

16.1 

-7.0 

Drivetrain 

CAGR
 Revenue 

4.8 

-12.7 

CAGR
 Net Income 

3.5 

-225.5 

ROIC 

11.8 

-42.0 

Logistics 

CAGR
 Revenue 

23.5 

31.9 

CAGR
 Net Income 

28.2 

46.8 

ROIC 

26.1 

36.0 

Based on
three-year financial results, the LTIP 2006-2008 performance period payments to
the NEOs were as follows: 

Name 

Payout
 Related to Corporate Results 

Payout
 Related
 to Drivetrain 

 Results 

Payout
 Related
 to Logistics 

 Results 

Total
 2008 

 Payout
 for the 2006-2008 LTIP 

 Performance
 Period 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

0 

NA 

NA 

0 

Todd
 R. Peters 

0 

NA 

NA 

0 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

NA 

NA 

NA 

NA 

F.
 Antony Francis 

0 

NA 

18,555 

18,555 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

0 

NA 

NA 

0 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

0 

0 

NA 

0 

Retirement
and Other Benefits 

Retirement
Savings Plan and Deferral Plan 

Unlike
many of our competitors, we do not offer a defined benefit retirement
plan. Executive officers may participate in our Retirement Savings
Plan, a tax-qualified 401(k) plan pursuant to which all our U.S.-based
employees, including the NEOs, are able to contribute the lesser of (i) up
to 75 of their annual compensation (salary and bonus) or (ii) the limit
prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service. We match 50 on the first
6 of compensation that is contributed by an employee to the
plan. However, due to the legal contribution limits on defined
contribution retirement plans, the actual benefit to executive officers under
the plan is severely limited. All employee contributions are fully
vested upon contribution, while the matching contribution vests at the rate of
20 per year from the date of hire. 

To
provide somewhat more competitive retirement benefits, we offer our executive
officers and other selected U.S.-based employees the opportunity to participate
in a nonqualified deferred compensation plan. Under this plan, key
employees are eligible to defer up to 75 of annual base salary and 100 of
annual cash incentive compensation and/or commission awards. For
2008, the Committee (and the Board of Directors in the case of the CEO) approved
a matching contribution of 50 of the first 10 of base salary deferred during
the year. The matching contribution vests at the rate of 20 per year
from the date of hire and is in addition to any matching contributions the NEO
receives under our Retirement Savings Plan. Outside directors are
also eligible to defer up to 100 of their annual retainer but without a
matching contribution. 

All of
the compensation associated with these plans for 2008 is included in the Other
Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table appearing
below. 

85 

Table of Contents 

Perquisites
and Other Personal Benefits 

We
provide a car allowance of 24,000 per year for the CEO and 9,600 per year for
the other executive officers, except for one executive officer who has the use
of a drive audit vehicle (i.e., a vehicle provided to an employee, without
charge, for the purpose of testing our remanufactured products). The
Committee believes this auto allowance is consistent with typical market
practice for company car programs and is part of offering a market-competitive
total compensation program. 

Each
executive officer, other than the CEO, also receives an annual allowance equal
to 2 of base salary for expenses related to financial counseling, tax and legal
services, club dues, home office and the like. Our former CEO
received 20,000 annually while our new CEO receives an annual allowance equal
to 3 of base salary for such expenses. This flexible structure
enables executives to select benefits based on their individual circumstances,
thereby raising the perceived value of the program. 

These
perquisites and benefits are offered in order to (i) provide executives
with certain conveniences so that they can focus more on our business matters,
and (ii) offer a market-competitive total compensation
package. The Committee periodically reviews the levels of perquisites
and other personal benefits to the NEOs and believes they are reasonable and
consistent with our overall compensation program. 

All of
the compensation to the NEOs associated with these perquisites and other
personal benefits for 2008 is included in the Other Compensation column of the
Summary Compensation Table appearing below. 

Executive
Compensation Employment Agreements 

We have
entered into written employment agreements with each of our executive officers,
which provide for various benefits, including severance payable under certain
circumstances. These employment agreements are designed to promote
stability and continuity among our senior management team. For
information regarding these agreements for the NEOs, see Summary Compensation
Table and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control appearing
below. 

Tax
and Accounting Implications 

Deductibility
of Executive Compensation - Section 162(m) Compliance 

Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code generally disallows the corporate tax
deduction for certain compensation paid in excess of 1 million annually to
each of the chief executive officer and the four other most highly compensated
executive officers of publicly-held companies. There is an exception
to this rule for performance-based compensation. 

The
Committee s long-term objective is that our compensation programs qualify as
performance-based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) in order to
maximize our corporate tax deduction. Therefore, as required by
Section 162(m) both the annual incentive plans and long-term incentive plans
were approved by stockholders to qualify applicable compensation as performance
based. Furthermore, the incentive plans are administered by the
Committee in order to be compliant with Section 162(m). Since May
2004, the Committee has been composed solely of outside directors for purposes
of Section 162(m). While the Committee s general policy is to
preserve the deductibility of most compensation paid to our covered executives,
it may from time to time authorize payments that might not be deductible if the
Committee believes that those payments are in the best interests of
stockholders. 

86 

Table of Contents 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation for 2006, 2007 and 2008, for
services to us in all capacities, of the NEOs: 

Name
 and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 

 ) 

Bonus 

 ) 

Stock
 Awards 

 ) (1) 

Option
 Awards 

 ) (1) 

Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 

 ) (2) 

Change
 in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compen sation
 Earnings 

 ) 

All
 Other Compen- 

 sation 

 ) 

Total 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Donald
 T. Johnson Jr. 

 Chairman,
 and CEO 

2008 

560,000 
 (3) 

0 

614,594 

536,113 

352,800 

0 

82,327 
 (4) 

2,145,834 

2007 

560,000 
 (5) 

0 

618,324 

501,860 

1,512,000 
 (6) 

0 

79,443 
 (7) 

3,271,627 

2006 

535,000 
 (5) 

0 

330,557 

281,421 

0 

0 

66,178 
 (8) 

1,213,156 

Todd
 R. Peters 

 President
 and COO 

2008 

366,377 
 (9) 

0 

163,059 

157,872 

176,158 

0 

19,011 
 (10) 

882,477 

2007 

337,500 

0 

138,567 

120,864 

607,500 

0 

17,620 
 (11) 

1,222,051 

2006 

324,500 

0 

151,876 

125,404 

0 

0 

17,009 
 (12) 

618,789 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

 Vice
 President and CFO 

2008 

18,173 
 (13) 

75,000 
 (14) 

13,618 

6,797 

0 

0 

914 
 (15) 

114,502 

F.
 Antony Francis 

 President,
 ATC Logistics 

2008 

252,123 
 (16) 

0 

91,456 

86,058 

174,682 
 (17) 

0 

343,918 
 (18) 

948,237 

2007 

108,461 
 (19) 

0 

15,509 

13,826 

127,924 

0 

168,493 
 (20) 

434,213 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

 Vice
 President and CAO 

2008 

247,459 
 (21) 

0 

66,160 

58,396 

98,507 

0 

36,144 
 (22) 

506,666 

2007 

219,373 
 (23) 

0 

61,013 

51,674 

296,595 

0 

33,286 
 (24) 

661,941 

2006 

210,961 
 (23) 

0 

54,683 

35,640 

0 

0 

33,696 
 (25) 

334,980 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

 President,
 ATC 

 Drivetrain 

2008 

335,000 
 (26) 

0 

433,220 

178,630 

42,210 

0 

41,718 
 (27) 

1,030,778 

2007 

162,346 
 (28) 

50,000 

247,907 

82,354 

118,181 

0 

52,510 
 (29) 

713,298 

_______________________ 

(1) 

See
 Item 8. "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2
 - Stock-Based
 Compensation " for a description of the assumptions used in the
 computation of our stock and option award fair
 values. 

(2) 

Bonuses
 are paid under our annual and long-term (3-year) incentive compensation
 plans for a particular year/period if we achieve or exceed specified
 financial targets for the year/period, and are paid during the first
 quarter of the following year. 

(3) 

Mr.
 Johnson deferred 50 of his annual base salary pursuant to our executive
 deferred compensation plan. 

(4) 

Consists
 of 6,900 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 28,000
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 24,000 automobile allowance, 20,000 personal financial planning
 and club dues allowance, and 3,427 in Company-paid life insurance
 premiums. 

(5) 

Mr.
 Johnson deferred 75 of his annual base salary pursuant to our executive
 deferred compensation plan. 

(6) 

Mr.
 Johnson deferred 100 of this amount pursuant to our executive deferred
 compensation plan. 

(7) 

Consists
 of 4,200 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 28,876
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 24,000 automobile allowance, 18,939 in reimbursement for club dues
 and personal financial planning costs, and 3,427 in Company-paid life
 insurance premiums. 

(8) 

Consists
 of 6,442 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 28,076
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 20,000 automobile allowance, 10,700 in reimbursement for club dues
 and personal financial planning costs, and 960 in Company-paid life
 insurance premiums. 

(9) 

Mr.
 Peters' base salary was 344,500 for the period January 1, 2008 - May 12,
 2008 while he served as Vice President and CFO. Upon his
 promotion to President and COO on May 13, 2008, Mr. Peters' base salary
 was increased to 378,000. Mr. Peters was promoted to President
 and CEO effective January 1, 2009 and his base salary was increased to
 450,000. 

(10) 

Consists
 of 9,600 automobile allowance, 7,302 personal financial planning and
 club dues allowance, and 2,108 in Company-paid life insurance
 premiums. 

(11) 

Consists
 of 9,600 automobile allowance, 5,954 in reimbursement for club dues and
 financial planning costs, and 2,067 in Company-paid life insurance
 premiums. 

87 

Table of Contents 

(12) 

Consists
 of 9,600 automobile allowance, 6,490 in reimbursement for club dues and
 financial planning costs, and 919 in Company-paid life insurance
 premiums. 

(13) 

Mr.
 Achuthan was hired December 8, 2008. Mr. Achuthan deferred 20 
 of this amount pursuant to our executive deferred compensation
 plan. His full year annual base salary is
 315,000. 

(14) 

Mr.
 Achuthan deferred 75 of this amount pursuant to our executive deferred
 compensation plan. 

(15) 

Consists
 of 303 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred
 compensation plan, 369 automobile allowance, and 242 personal financial
 planning and club dues allowance. 

(16) 

Mr.
 Francis' base salary was 238,600 until July 15, 2008 when he was promoted
 to President of ATC Logistics and his base salary was increased to
 270,000. Mr. Francis deferred 3 of his 2008 base salary
 pursuant to our executive deferred compensation
 plan. 

(17) 

Consists
 of 156,127 payable under the Company's annual incentive compensation plan
 for 2008 and 18,555 payable under the Company's long-term incentive plan
 for the 2006-08 period. Mr. Francis deferred 15 of his annual
 incentive bonus award pursuant to our executive deferred compensation
 plan. 

(18) 

Consists
 of 6,211 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 3,762
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 7,523 automobile allowance, 2,077 personal financial planning and
 club dues allowance, 999 in Company-paid life insurance premiums, and
 323,347 in relocation-related
costs. 

(19) 

Mr.
 Francis was hired July 2, 2007 and his full year annual base salary was
 235,000. 

(20) 

Consists
 of 542 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 2,769
 automobile allowance, 160 in Company-paid life insurance premiums, and
 145,438 in relocation-related
costs. 

(21) 

Mr.
 Pinkerton's base salary was increased to 256,500, effective December 8,
 2008 upon his appointment as Vice President and CAO. Mr.
 Pinkerton deferred 10 of his 2008 base salary pursuant to our executive
 deferred compensation plan. 

(22) 

Consists
 of 6,900 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 13,613
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 9,600 automobile allowance, 4,620 personal financial planning and
 club dues allowance, and 1,412 in Company-paid life insurance
 premiums. 

(23) 

Mr.
 Pinkerton deferred 10 of his base salary pursuant to our executive
 deferred compensation plan. 

(24) 

Consists
 of 5,923 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 12,023
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 9,600 automobile allowance, 4,394 in reimbursement for club dues
 and personal financial planning costs, and 1,346 in Company-paid life
 insurance premiums. 

(25) 

Consists
 of 6,600 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 12,433
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 9,600 automobile allowance, 4,224 in reimbursement for club dues
 and personal financial planning costs, and 839 in Company-paid life
 insurance premiums. 

(26) 

Mr.
 Stanley deferred 10 of his base salary pursuant to our executive deferred
 compensation plan. 

(27) 

Consists
 of 5,285 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 16,750
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan, 6,958 personal financial planning and club dues allowance 2,050 in
 Company-paid life insurance premiums, and 10,675 in relocation-related
 costs. 

(28) 

Mr.
 Stanley was hired July 9, 2007. Mr. Stanley deferred 10 of
 this amount pursuant to our executive deferred compensation
 plan. His full year annual base salary was
 335,000. 

(29) 

Consists
 of 1,392 Company matching contribution under our 401(k) Plan, 7,087
 Company matching contribution under our executive deferred compensation
 plan 3,350 in reimbursement for club dues and personal financial planning
 costs, 2,050 in Company-paid life insurance premiums, and 38,632 in
 relocation costs. 

We have a
written employment agreement with each of our NEOs. The agreement
with Mr. Johnson expires at our annual meeting in June 2009 while the agreement
with each of the other NEOs has a three-year term with unlimited automatic
annual renewals. 

Each
agreement provides for a base salary, participation in our various incentive and
benefit plans, and various perquisites, including an annual car allowance (for
2009: 10,126 for Mr. Johnson, 24,000 for Mr. Peters and 9,600 for other
executive officers except for Mr. Stanley, who is provided a drive-audit
vehicle), and reimbursement of the executive s expenses for financial planning,
club dues and similar matters (for 2009: capped at 8,438 for Mr. Johnson and a
percentage of annual base salary for other executives (3 in the case of Mr.
Peters and 2 in the case of other executive officers)). 

Each
agreement includes a noncompetition provision that runs for a specified period
after the executive ceases to be employed by ATC Technology
Corporation. The period is 24 months in the case of Messrs. Johnson
and Peters and 18 months in the case of the other executive
officers. Each agreement also contains a confidentiality provision
and a provision that prohibits the executive officer from soliciting our
employees for employment by other companies during a specified period after
leaving the Company. 

Each of
the employment agreements provides for severance payments to the executive
officer in certain circumstances. See Potential Payments Upon
Termination or Change-in-Control below. 

88 

Table of Contents 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding each grant of an award made in
2008 to the NEOs under our various incentive plans: 

Name 

Grant
 Date 

Estimated
 Future Payouts under 

 Non-equity
 Incentive Plan 

 Awards 

Estimated
 Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

All
 Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units 

 (#) 

All
 Other Option Awards: Number 

 of
 Securities Under- 

 lying
 Options 

 (#) 

Exercise 

 or
 Base Price of Option Awards /Share) 

Grant 

 Date
 Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards 

Threshold 

Target 

Maximum 

Threshold 

 # 

Target
 # 

Maximum
 # 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

(k) 

(l) 

Donald
 T. Johnson Jr., Chairman and CEO 

January
 1, 2008 

126,000 

504,000 

1,512,000 
 (1) 

January
 1, 2008 

453,600 

504,000 

756,000 
 (2) 

February
 6, 2008 

22,231 
 (3) 
 
 - 

- 

537,768 

February
 6, 2008 

- 

71,275 
 (3) 

24.19 

478,369 

Todd
 R. Peters 

 President
 and COO 

January
 1, 2008 

62,925 

251,700 

755,100 
 (1) 

January
 1, 2008 

288,900 

321,000 

481,500 
 (2) 

June
 3, 2008 

9,012 
 (4) 
 
 - 

- 

198,444 

June
 3, 2008 

- 

30,162 
 (3) 

22.02 

198,653 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

 Vice
 President and CFO 

December
 8, 2008 

73,800 

82,000 

123,000 
 (2) 

December
 8, 2008 

20,000 
 (3) 
 
 - 

- 

339,600 

December
 8, 2008 

- 

30,000 
 (3) 

16.98 

168,819 

F.
 Antony Francis 

 President,
 ATC Logistics 

January
 1, 2008 

33,275 

133,100 

399,300 
 (1) 

January
 1, 2008 

55,440 

61,600 

92,400 
 (2) 

June
 3, 2008 

5,364 
 (3) 
 
 - 

- 

118,115 

June
 3, 2008 

- 

17,953 
 (3) 

22.02 

118,242 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

 Vice
 President and CAO 

January
 1, 2008 

35,200 

140,800 

422,400 
 (1) 

January
 1, 2008 

79,560 

88,400 

132,600 
 (2) 

June
 3, 2008 

2,748 
 (4) 
 
 - 

- 

60,511 

June
 3, 2008 

- 

9,196 
 (3) 

22.02 

60,567 

December
 8, 2008 

7,500 
 (4) 
 
 - 

- 

127,350 

Richard
 L. Stanley President, ATC Drivetrain 

January
 1, 2008 

50,250 

201,000 

603,000 
 (1) 

January
 1, 2008 

113,040 

125,600 

188,400 
 (2) 

June
 3, 2008 

6,656 
 (3) 
 
 - 

- 

146,565 

June
 3, 2008 

- 

22,275 
 (3) 

22.02 

146,708 

_______________________ 

(1) 

Established
 under the annual Incentive Compensation Plan and payable if we achieve or
 exceed specified EPS and other financial targets for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 (provided that any bonus may be reduced by up to 20 if
 certain quality and service metrics are not
 achieved). The amounts shown in column (c) reflect the
 minimum payments under the Incentive Compensation Plan, which are 25 of
 the target amounts shown in column (d). The amounts shown in
 column (e) are 300 of such target amounts. These amounts are
 based on the individual's current salary, position and eligibility
 period. For 2009, the maximum payout has been reduced to 200 
 of such target amounts. 

89 

Table of Contents 

(2) 

Established
 under the Long-Term (3-year) Incentive Compensation Plan and payable if we
 achieve or exceed specified financial targets (CAGR - Revenue, CAGR -
 EBIT, ROIC) for the three-year period ending December 31,
 2010. The amounts shown in column (c) reflect the minimum
 payments under the Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, which are 90 of
 the target amounts shown in column (d). The amounts shown in
 column (e) are 150 of such target amounts. These amounts are
 based on the individual's salary, position and eligibility period as of
 January 1, 2008 or hire date, whichever is
 later. 

(3) 

Awarded
 under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. No consideration was paid
 for the award. 

(4) 

Awarded
 under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. No consideration was paid
 for the award. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised stock options,
unvested restricted stock, and equity incentive plan awards for each NEO
outstanding as of December 31, 2008: 

Name 

Options
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 

 (#) 

 Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 

 (#) 

 Unexercisable 

Equity
 Incentive 

 Plan
 Awards Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options
 (#) 

Option
 Exercise 

 Price 

 ) 

Option 

 Expira- 

 tion 

 Date 

Number
 of Shares 

 or
 Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

 (#) 

Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

 ) 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights
 That Have Not Vested 

 (#) 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or
 Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

48,081 
 (1) 

703,425 

108,146 
 
 0 

14.0000 

01/02/14 

75,000 
 
 0 

15.8500 

06/02/15 

37,500 
 
 18,750 
 (2) 

24.6900 

06/01/16 

29,234 
 
 58,466 
 (3) 

20.8000 

01/19/17 

0 
 
 71,275 
 (4) 

24.1900 

02/06/18 

Todd
 R. Peters 

14,119 
 (5) 

206,561 

11,250 
 
 5,625 
 (2) 

24.6900 

06/01/16 

5,196 
 
 10,392 
 (6) 

30.4400 

06/05/17 

0 
 
 30,162 
 (7) 

22.0200 

06/03/18 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

20,000 
 (8) 

292,600 

0 
 
 30,000 
 (8) 

16.9800 

12/08/18 

F.
 Antony Francis 

7,364 
 (9) 

107,735 

3,000 
 
 6,000 
 (10) 

31.6500 

09/25/17 

0 
 
 17,953 
 (7) 

22.0200 

06/03/18 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

12,449 
 (11) 

182,129 

2,667 
 
 0 

14.9000 

05/12/14 

5,625 
 
 2,812 
 (2) 

24.6900 

06/01/16 

2,030 
 
 4,060 
 (6) 

30.4400 

06/05/17 

0 
 
 9,196 
 (7) 

22.0200 

06/03/18 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

25,322 
 (12) 

370,461 

10,000 
 
 20,000 
 (13) 

30.1700 

07/09/17 

0 
 
 22,275 
 (7) 

22.0200 

06/03/18 

_______________________ 

1) 

9,800
 vested in January 2009; 7,411 vested in February 2009; 6,250 vest in June
 2009; 9,800 vest in January 2010; 14,820 vest in equal installments in
 February 2010 and February 2011. 

(2) 

Vest
 in June 2009. 

(3) 

29,233
 vested in January 2009; 29,233 vest in January
 2010. 

(4) 

23,758
 vested in February 2009; 47,516 vest in equal installments in February
 2010 and February 2011. 

(5) 

6,495
 vest in June 2009; 4,620 vest in June 2010; 3,040 vest in June
 2011. 

(6) 

Vest
 in equal installments in June 2009 and June
 2010. 

90 

Table of Contents 

(7) 

Vest
 in equal installments in June 2009, June 2010 and June
 2011. 

(8) 

Vest
 in equal installments in December 2009, December 2010 and December
 2011. 

(9) 

2,000
 vest in equal installments in September 2009 and September 2010; 5,364
 vest in equal installments in June 2009, June 2010 and June
 2011. 

(10) 

Vest
 in equal installments in September 2009 and September
 2010. 

(11) 

2,485
 vest in June 2009; 1,548 vest in June 2010; 916 vest in June 2011; 7,500
 vest in equal installments in December 2009, December 2010 and December
 2011. 

(12) 

18,666
 vest in equal installments in July 2009 and July 2010; 6,656 vest in equal
 installments in June 2009, June 2010 and June
 2011. 

(13) 

Vest
 in equal installments in July 2009 and July
 2010. 

Option
Exercise and Stock Vesting Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the exercise of stock options
and vesting of restricted stock in 2008 for the NEOs: 

Name 

Option
 Awards 

Restricted
 Stock Awards 

Number
 of Shares Acquired on Exercise 

 (#) 

Value
 Realized Upon Exercise 

 ) 

Number
 of Shares Acquired on Vesting 

 (#) 

Value
 Realized Upon Vesting 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

0 

0 

24,383 

578,595 

Todd
 R. Peters 

0 

0 

5,992 

134,815 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

0 

0 

0 

0 

F.
 Antony Francis 

0 

0 

1,000 

23,000 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

0 

0 

2,819 

63,268 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

0 

0 

9,334 

214,215 

Nonqualified
Defined Contribution and Other Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
Plans 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the NEOs participation in our
deferred compensation plan during 2008: 

Name 

Executive
 Contributions in Last FY 

 ) 

Registrant
 Contributions in 

 Last
 FY 

 ) (1)(2) 

Aggregate 

 Earnings
 in 

 Last
 FY 

 ) (3) 

Aggregate
 Withdrawals/ Distributions 

 ) 

Aggregate
 Balance at Last FYE 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

Donald
 T. Johnson Jr. 

1,770,076 
 (4) 

28,000 

72,062 

0 

3,569,233 

Todd
 R. Peters 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

57,462 
 (5) 

303 

1,921 

0 

59,685 

F.
 Antony Francis 

7,523 
 (5) 

3,762 

(2,393) 

0 

8,892 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

24,604 
 (5) 

13,613 
 (6) 

(7,357) 

0 

86,664 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

33,500 
 (5) 

16,750 

(15,860) 

0 

55,882 

_______________________ 

 (1) All
of these amounts are reported as "All Other Compensation" in the Summary
Compensation Table. 

 (2) In
2008, the Company provided a matching contribution of 0.50 on the first 10 of
base salary deferred. 

 (3) None of these
amounts are reported as 2008 compensation in the Summary Compensation
Table. 

91 

Table of Contents 

(4) 

Includes
 1,512,000 of 2007 compensation paid in 2008 and 258,076 of 2008
 compensation as reported in the Summary Compensation
 Table. 

(5) Reported
as 2008 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. 

 (6) Includes
special Company contribution of 1,311 to replace a forfeited 401(k) Plan
Company matching contribution. 

Our
nonqualified deferred compensation plan, which is designed to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, enables our
executive officers and directors to defer a portion of the cash compensation
payable to them. Officers may defer up to 75 of base salary and up
to 100 of annual incentive bonus and/or commission awards, and directors may
defer up to 100 of annual retainer. The plan provides for a Company
contribution of 50 cents for each dollar of the first 10 of base salary
deferred by an officer. Plan participants elect to invest
contributions in assorted mutual funds available under the
plan. Distributions from the plan can be made in a lump sum payment
or in annual payments over a period not to exceed 15
years. In-service distributions (i.e., distributions made while the
participant is still employed by us) may not be made prior to two years after
the establishment of the in-service account in
question. Post-separation distributions (i.e., distributions made
after the participant ceases to be employed by us) may not be made until six
months after the separation. A participant may also receive a
one-time distribution of some or all of such participant s deferred account in
the event of financial hardship caused by certain unforeseen emergencies (as
defined in the plan). 

The
following table shows the funds available under the deferred compensation plan
and their annual rate of return for the year ended December 31, 2008, as
reported by the administrator of the plan: 

Name of Fund 

Rate
 of 

 Return 

Name of Fund 

Rate
 of 

 Return 

American
 Century Equity Income Adv. Fund 

(20.25) 

Principal
 Investors Money Market R5 Fund 

2.43 

American
 Funds EuroPacific Growth R3 Fund 

(40.71) 

Jacobs
 Levy Equity Management MidCap Value II R5. Fund 

(42.47) 

American
 Funds Growth Fund of America R3 Fund 

(39.24) 

Principal
 Real Estate Investors Real Estate Securities R5 Fund 

(32.73) 

Calvert
 Social Investment Bond A Fund 

(5.03) 

Principal
 Global Investors SmallCap Blend R5 Fund 

(36.80) 

Lord
 Abbett All Value P Fund 

(28.84) 

Principal
 Global Investors SmallCap Value R5 Fund 

(27.99) 

Principal
 Global Investors International Growth R5 Fund 

(47.05) 

Russell
 LifePoints Balanced Strategy E Fund 

(29.92) 

Columbus
 Circle Investors LargeCap Growth R5 Fund 

(42.96) 

Russell
 LifePoints Equity Growth Strategy E Fund 

(42.07) 

Principal
 Global Investors MidCap Blend R5 Fund 

(33.92) 

92 

Table of Contents 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

Each of
the employment agreements with our NEOs provides that we will make severance
payments and provide severance benefits to the executive if his employment with
us terminates under certain circumstances. For purposes of the
following discussion, the termination date means the date the executive ceases
to be our employee, whether due to nonrenewal of the employment agreement,
termination by us, or the executive s resignation, death or
disability. 

The
agreement that was in effect during 2008 with Mr. Johnson as CEO provided for
severance equal to 24 months of base salary and 2.0 times his target bonus under
our annual IC Plan, plus a prorated portion of any cash bonus under our LTIP,
unless termination occurred within 18 months after a change in control (see
below), in which case his severance would have equaled 36 months of base salary,
3.0 times his target bonus under our annual IC Plan, and a prorated portion of
any cash bonuses under our annual IC Plan and our LTIP. In connection
with Mr. Johnson s retirement as CEO on January 1, 2009, his 2008 agreement
was cancelled and we entered into a new agreement with him that expires in June
2009. The new agreement provides that if Mr. Johnson is terminated
without cause, resigns for good reason (see below) or becomes disabled, he
would receive severance of 1,120,000 (which represents two times his annualized
salary for 2009). Mr. Johnson will continue to be covered under our
medical plan for a period of five years following the time he ceases to be
Chairman. 

Mr.
Johnson s unvested stock options and restricted stock as of the date he ceases
to be Chairman will continue to vest according to their vesting schedules after
the termination date under the following circumstances: (i) the expiration
of his employment agreement in June 2009; (ii) his termination without
cause (or resignation for good reason); (iii) his voluntary resignation if
the Board determines that Mr. Johnson has provided an orderly transition to
his successor; or (iv) his permanent disability. If
Mr. Johnson ceases to be Chairman due to his death, then all his unvested
stock options and restricted stock would immediately vest. If he
voluntarily resigns without providing an orderly transition or is terminated for
cause, then his stock options and restricted stock that are unvested as of the
termination date would terminate. His options that are vested on his
termination date or that subsequently vest will be exercisable until the tenth
anniversary of the date of their grant. 

Mr.
Johnson s severance payments are subject to a tax gross-up of up to 5,000,000
to offset the parachute excise tax under Internal Revenue Code
Section 4999 if a change in control occurs within 18 months prior to his
termination date. 

The
agreement that was in effect during 2008 with Mr. Peters as COO provided for
severance equal to 18 months of base salary and 1.5 times his target bonus under
our annual IC Plan, plus a prorated portion of any cash bonus under our LTIP,
unless termination occurred within 18 months after a change in control, in which
case his severance would have equaled 24 months of base salary, 2.0 times his
target bonus under our annual IC Plan, and a prorated portion of any cash
bonuses under our annual IC Plan and our LTIP. In connection with
Mr. Peters promotion to CEO on January 1, 2009, his 2008 agreement was
cancelled and we entered into a new agreement with him that runs for three years
with automatic annual renewals thereafter. The new agreement provides
that if he is terminated without cause (which includes a resignation for good
reason or our nonrenewal of the agreement), he would receive severance equal to
24 months of base salary and 2.0 times his target bonus under our annual IC Plan
for the year in which the termination occurs. If the termination
occurs within 18 months after a change in control, then the severance would also
include a prorated portion of the cash bonus that would be payable under our
annual IC Plan and our LTIP. The agreement contains a modified tax
 gross-up provision to offset the parachute excise tax under Internal Revenue
Code Section 4999 if the aggregate of all parachute payments exceeds 320 of the
 base amount (as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section
280G). Mr. Peters would continue to be covered under our medical
plan for a period of two years following the termination date. 

Severance
is payable to any executive officer other than Messrs. Johnson and Peters if the
officer is terminated without cause (which includes a resignation for good
reason or our nonrenewal of the officer s agreement). Severance would
equal 12 months of base salary (18 months for Mr. Achuthan) plus 1.0 times
the target bonus under our annual IC Plan (1.5 times for Mr. Achuthan) for the
year in which the termination date occurs. If the termination date
occurs within 18 months after a change in control, the executive officer
would instead receive severance equal to 18 months of base salary (24 months for
Mr. Achuthan), 1.5 times the target bonus under our annual IC Plan (2.0 times
for Mr. Achuthan), and a prorated portion of any cash bonuses under our annual
IC Plan and our LTIP. The executive officer would continue to be
covered under our medical plan during the severance period. 

93 

Table of Contents 

Severance
payments to an executive officer would ordinarily be made over the severance
period unless the termination date occurs within 18 months after a change
in control, in which case the severance would generally be made in a single
payment within ten days after the termination date. 

If the
employment of an executive officer (other than Mr. Johnson) terminates, all of
his unvested stock options and shares of restricted stock would terminate on the
termination date, unless either (i) a change in control has occurred within
18 months prior to the termination date or (ii) termination is due to the
executive s death or permanent disability, in which case all such unvested
options and restricted stock would vest on the termination
date. Generally an executive will have 30 days after his or her
termination date in which to exercise any stock options that vested on or before
the executive s termination date, except in the case of (x) termination without
cause within 18 months after a change in control, or upon death or disability,
in which case the executive (or his estate) would have one year from the
termination date in which to exercise such vested options, or (y) retirement, in
which case the executive (or his estate) would have the balance of the ten-year
option term in which to exercise such vested options. 

None of
the executive employment agreements provides for any payments or benefits upon a
change in control unless the executive s employment terminates at the time of
the change in control. 

None of
the executive employment agreements, other than those of Messrs. Johnson and
Peters, provide for a tax gross-up to offset the parachute excise tax under
Internal Revenue Code Section 4999. 

It is a
condition to receiving severance payments and benefits that the executive
officer release us from all legal claims of any nature that he or she has or may
have as of the termination date. 

Change
in control (CIC) occurs if (i) a reorganization, merger or consolidation
of ATC Technology Corporation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets
occurs unless after such transaction at least 85 of the total voting power of
the entity surviving or resulting from such transaction is beneficially owned by
persons who prior to the transaction beneficially owned 100 of the total voting
power of ATC Technology Corporation, (ii) any stockholder (or group of
stockholders) becomes the beneficial owner of more than 35 of the total voting
power of ATC Technology Corporation, or (iii) during any 12-month period
individuals who at the beginning of such 12-month period constituted our Board
of Directors (together with any new directors whose election by such Board or
whose nomination for election by our stockholders was approved by a vote of a
majority of the directors then still in office who were either directors at the
beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was
previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of our
Board of Directors. 

Good
reason means (i) a material diminution in the executive officer s
compensation, authority or responsibilities that is not justified by the
executive s performance, or (ii) our material breach of the employment
agreement, where such diminution or breach is not cured within 30 days after
notice from the executive officer. 

The
following tables show the payments and benefits that the NEOs could receive in
the event of certain termination events, based on their employment agreements as
in effect on December 31, 2008: 

94 

Table of Contents 

Donald
 T. Johnson Jr. 

Executive
 Benefits and 

 Payments
 Upon Termination 

Voluntary
 Termination Without Board- approved Transition 

Voluntary
 Termination With Board- approved Transition 

For
 Cause Termination 

Involuntary
 Termination Without 

 Cause (1) 

Involuntary
 Termination Without Cause Within 18 Months after 

 CIC (1) 

Death 

Disability 

Compensation: 

Severance
 Allowance 

- 

- 

- 

2,128,000 

3,192,000 

- 

2,128,000 

Short-term
 Incentive 

Earned
 Annual Incentive Award 

352,800 

352,800 

352,800 

352,800 

352,800 

352,800 

352,800 

Long-term
 Incentives 

3-year
 Incentive Award 

- 

168,000 

- 

168,000 

168,000 

168,000 

168,000 

Stock
 Options (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 Stock (3) 

- 

703,425 

- 

703,425 

703,425 

703,425 

703,425 

Benefits
 and Perquisites: 

Medical
 Plan Coverage (4) 

30,462 

30,462 

- 

30,462 

30,462 

- 

30,462 

Life
 Insurance Proceeds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,680,000 

- 

Vested
 Portion of Company Match
 of Deferred Comp. 

80,573 

80,573 

80,573 

80,573 

100,719 

100,719 

100,719 

Accrued
 Vacation Pay 

1,077 

1,077 

1,077 

1,077 

1,077 

1,077 

1,077 

Outplacement
 Assistance 

- 

- 

- 

25,000 

25,000 

- 

25,000 

280G
 Tax Gross Up 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

464,912 

1,336,337 

434,450 

3,489,337 

4,573,483 

3,006,021 

3,509,483 

_______________________ 

 (1) Includes resignation for
good reason. 

(2) 

Unvested
 awards that either (a) continue to vest according to its terms or (b)
 accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by (i) our closing stock
 price on December 31, 2008 minus (ii) the exercise price of such
 awards. 

(3) Unvested awards that
accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by our closing stock price on
December 31, 2008. 

 (4) Estimated employer
subsidy. 

95 

Table of Contents 

Todd
 R. Peters 

Executive
 Benefits and 

 Payments
 Upon Termination 

Voluntary
 Termination 

For
 Cause Termination 

Involuntary
 Termination Without 

 Cause (1) 

Involuntary
 Termination Without Cause Within 18 Months after 

 CIC (1) 

Death 

Disability 

Compensation : 

Severance
 Allowance 

- 

- 

992,250 

1,323,000 

- 

- 

Short-term
 Incentive 

Earned
 Annual Incentive Award 

176,158 

176,158 

176,158 

176,158 

176,158 

176,158 

Long-term
 Incentives 

3-year
 Incentive Award 

- 

- 

- 

93,240 

- 

- 

Stock
 Options (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 Stock (3) 

- 

- 

- 

206,561 

206,561 

206,561 

Benefits
 and Perquisites: 

Medical
 Plan Coverage (4) 

- 

- 

12,342 

12,342 

- 

- 

Life
 Insurance Proceeds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,134,000 

- 

Vested
 Portion of Company Match of Deferred Comp. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Accrued
 Vacation Pay 

3,634 

3,634 

3,634 

3,634 

3,634 

3,634 

Outplacement
 Assistance 

- 

25,000 

25,000 

- 

- 

280G
 Tax Gross Up 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

179,792 

179,792 

1,209,384 

1,839,935 

1,520,353 

386,353 

_______________________ 

 (1) Includes
nonrenewal of agreement and resignation for good reason. 

(2) 

Unvested
 awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by (i) our
 closing stock price on December 31, 2008 minus (ii) the exercise price of
 such awards. 

(3) Unvested
awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by our closing
stock price on December 31, 2008. 

 (4) Estimated
employer subsidy. 

96 

Table of Contents 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

Executive
 Benefits and 

 Payments
 Upon Termination 

Voluntary
 Termination 

For
 Cause Termination 

Involuntary
 Termination Without 

 Cause (1) 

Involuntary
 Termination Without Cause Within 18 

 Months
 after 

 CIC (1) 

Death 

Disability 

Compensation: 

Severance
 Allowance 

- 

- 

756,000 

1,008,000 

- 

- 

Short-term
 Incentive 

Earned
 Annual Incentive Award 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Long-term
 Incentives 

3-year
 Incentive Award 

- 

- 

- 

3,281 

- 

- 

Stock
 Options (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 Stock (3) 

- 

- 

- 

292,600 

292,600 

292,600 

Benefits
 and Perquisites: 

Medical
 Plan Coverage (4) 

- 

- 

12,342 

16,456 

- 

- 

Life
 Insurance Proceeds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Vested
 Portion of Company Match of Deferred Comp. 

- 

- 

- 

313 

313 

313 

Accrued
 Vacation Pay 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Outplacement
 Assistance 

- 

- 

25,000 

25,000 

- 

- 

280G
 Tax Gross Up 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

0 

0 

793,342 

1,345,650 

292,913 

292,913 

_______________________ 

 (1) Includes
nonrenewal of agreement and resignation for good reason. 

 (2) Unvested
awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by (i) our closing
stock price on December 31, 2008 minus (ii) the exercise price of such
awards. 

 (3) Unvested
awards that
accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by our closing stock
price on December 31, 2008. 

 (4) Estimated
employer subsidy. 

97 

Table of Contents 

F.
 Antony Francis 

Executive
 Benefits and 

 Payments
 Upon Termination 

Voluntary
 Termination 

For
 Cause Termination 

Involuntary
 Termination Without 

 Cause (1) 

Involuntary
 Termination 

 Without
 Cause 

 Within
 18 

 Months
 after 

 CIC (1) 

Death 

Disability 

Compensation: 

Severance
 Allowance 

- 

- 

432,000 

648,000 

- 

- 

Short-term
 Incentive 

Earned
 Annual Incentive Award 

181,298 

181,298 

181,298 

181,298 

181,298 

181,298 

Long-term
 Incentives 

3-year
 Incentive Award 

- 

- 

- 

48,345 

- 

- 

Stock
 Options (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 Stock (3) 

- 

- 

- 

107,735 

107,735 

107,735 

Benefits
 and Perquisites: 

Medical
 Plan Coverage (4) 

- 

- 

6,092 

9,139 

- 

- 

Life
 Insurance Proceeds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

810,000 

- 

Vested
 Portion of Company Match of Deferred Comp. 

573 

573 

573 

2,866 

2,866 

2,866 

Accrued
 Vacation Pay 

12,462 

12,462 

12,462 

12,462 

12,462 

12,462 

Outplacement
 Assistance 

- 

- 

25,000 

25,000 

- 

- 

280G
 Tax Gross Up 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

194,333 

194,333 

657,426 

1,034,845 

1,114,361 

304,361 

_______________________ 

 (1) Includes
nonrenewal of agreement and resignation for good reason. 

(2) 

Unvested
 awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by (i) our
 closing stock price on December 31, 2008 minus (ii) the exercise price of
 such awards. 

(3) Unvested
awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by our closing
stock price on December 31, 2008. 

 (4) Estimated
employer subsidy. 

98 

Table of Contents 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

Executive
 Benefits and 

 Payments
 Upon Termination 

Voluntary
 Termination 

For
 Cause Termination 

Involuntary
 Termination Without 

 Cause (1) 

Involuntary
 Termination Without Cause Within 18 

 Months
 after 

 CIC (1) 

Death 

Disability 

Compensation: 

Severance
 Allowance 

- 

- 

371,925 

557,888 

- 

- 

Short-term
 Incentive 

Earned
 Annual Incentive Award 

98,507 

98,507 

98,507 

98,507 

98,507 

98,507 

Long-term
 Incentives 

3-year
 Incentive Award 

- 

- 

- 

41,875 

- 

- 

Stock
 Options (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 Stock (3) 

- 

- 

- 

182,129 

182,129 

182,129 

Benefits
 and Perquisites: 

Medical
 Plan Coverage (4) 

- 

- 

8,228 

12,342 

- 

- 

Life
 Insurance Proceeds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

769,500 

- 

Vested
 Portion of Company Match of Deferred Comp. 

42,175 

42,175 

42,175 

42,175 

42,175 

42,175 

Accrued
 Vacation Pay 

887 

887 

887 

887 

887 

887 

Outplacement
 Assistance 

- 

- 

25,000 

25,000 

- 

- 

280G
 Tax Gross Up 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

141,569 

141,569 

546,722 

960,803 

1,093,198 

323,698 

_______________________ 

 (1) Includes
nonrenewal of agreement and resignation for good reason. 

(2) 

Unvested
 awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by (i) our
 closing stock price on December 31, 2008 minus (ii) the exercise price of
 such awards. 

(3) Unvested
awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by our closing
stock price on December 31, 2008. 

 (4) Estimated
employer subsidy. 

99 

Table of Contents 

Richard
 L. Stanley 

Executive
 Benefits and 

 Payments
 Upon Termination 

Voluntary
 Termination 

For
 Cause Termination 

Involuntary
 Termination Without 

 Cause (1) 

Involuntary
 Termination Without Cause Within 18 

 Months
 after 

 CIC (1) 

Death 

Disability 

Compensation: 

Severance
 Allowance 

- 

- 

536,000 

804,000 

- 

- 

Short-term
 Incentive 

Earned
 Annual Incentive Award 

42,210 

42,210 

42,210 

42,210 

42,210 

42,210 

Long-term
 Incentives 

3-year
 Incentive Award 

- 

- 

- 

17,288 

- 

- 

Stock
 Options (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 Stock (3) 

- 

- 

- 

370,461 

370,461 

370,461 

Benefits
 and Perquisites: 

Medical
 Plan Coverage (4) 

- 

- 

6,092 

9,139 

- 

- 

Life
 Insurance Proceeds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,005,000 

- 

Vested
 Portion of Company Match of Deferred Comp. 

3,725 

3,725 

3,725 

18,627 

18,627 

18,627 

Accrued
 Vacation Pay 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Outplacement
 Assistance 

- 

- 

25,000 

25,000 

- 

- 

280G
 Tax Gross Up 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

45,935 

45,935 

613,028 

1,286,724 

1,436,298 

431,298 

_______________________ 

 (1) Includes
nonrenewal of agreement and resignation for good reason. 

(2) 

Unvested
 awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by (i) our
 closing stock price on December 31, 2008 minus (ii) the exercise price of
 such awards. 

(3) Unvested
awards that accelerate upon the terminating event multiplied by our closing
stock price on December 31, 2008. 

 (4) Estimated
employer subsidy. 

100 

Table of Contents 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table sets forth the compensation for 2008 for those persons who
served as members of our Board of Directors during 2008 (other than the Chairman
of the Board, whose compensation is included in the above tables as a named
executive officer): 

Name 

Fees
 earned 

 or
 paid 

 in
 cash 

 ) 

Stock
 Awards 

 ) (1) 

Option
 Awards 

 ) (1) 

Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compen-sation 

 ) 

Change
 in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compen - 

 sation
 Earnings 

 ) 

All
 Other Compen- 

 sation 

 ) 

Total 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

Robert
 L. Evans 

50,000 
 (2) 

50,191 
 (3)(4) 

59,936 
 (5)(6) 

0 

0 

0 

160,126 

Curtland
 E. Fields 

50,000 

50,191 
 (3)(4) 

59,936 
 (5)(6) 

0 

0 

0 

160,126 

Michael
 J. Hartnett 

50,000 

50,191 
 (3)(4) 

59,936 
 (5)(7) 

0 

0 

0 

160,126 

Michael
 D. Jordan 

75,000 
 (2) 

50,191 
 (3)(4) 

59,936 
 (5)(6) 

0 

0 

0 

185,126 

S.
 Lawrence Prendergast 

50,000 

50,191 
 (3)(4) 

59,936 
 (5)(6) 

0 

0 

0 

160,126 

Edward
 Stewart 

75,000 
 (2) 

50,191 
 (3)(4) 

59,936 
 (5)(6) 

0 

0 

0 

185,126 

_______________________ 

(1) 

See
 Item 8. "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2
 - Stock-Based
 Compensation " for a description of the assumptions used in the
 computation of our stock/option award fair
 values. 

(2) 

Entire
 2008 cash retainer has been deferred in our Nonqualified Deferred
 Compensation Plan. 

(3) 

The
 grant date fair value of 2,000 shares of restricted stock granted in 2008
 is 45,180. 

(4) 

As
 of December 31, 2008, the director held 3,833 shares of restricted
 stock. 

(5) 

The
 grant date fair value of 6,000 options to purchase common stock granted in
 2008 is 50,391. 

(6) 

As
 of December 31, 2008, the director held 32,500 options to purchase common
 stock. 

(7) 

As
 of December 31, 2008, the director held 127,500 options to purchase common
 stock. 

We pay
our outside directors an annual fee of 50,000 for serving on the Board and we
reimburse them for their expenses in connection with attending Board and
committee meetings. In addition, Messrs. Jordan and Stewart received
a supplemental fee of 25,000 for serving on a special committee that worked
closely with Messrs. Johnson and Peters on the leadership transition process
during the second half of 2008. Directors do not receive any compensation for
serving on the Audit or Compensation and Nominating Committee or serving as lead
director or a committee chairman. In addition to the annual fee, each
outside director receives an annual grant of restricted stock and options to
purchase our common stock. For 2008 the grant was 2,000 shares of
restricted stock and 6,000 stock options. Each director s restricted
stock (for which no consideration was paid) vests in one-third increments on the
first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant. The
exercise price for the 2008 options is 22.59 (the closing price of our common
stock on Nasdaq on the date the options were granted), the options vest in
one-third increments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of
grant, and they expire in 2018. 

101 

Table of Contents 

Stock
Incentive Plans 

Pursuant
to our 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2006 stock incentive plans, officers, directors,
employees and consultants of ATC Technology Corporation and its affiliates are
eligible to receive stock options, annual incentive bonuses and incentive
stock. In addition, we have stock awards outstanding under 1996 and
1998 stock incentive plans under which awards may no longer be
made. 

The stock
incentive plans are administered by the Compensation and Nominating Committee of
our Board of Directors, although the Board of Directors makes decisions with
respect to awards for our Chief Executive Officer and may exercise any of the
Committee s other authority under the plans in lieu of the Committee s exercise
thereof. Subject to the express provisions of the stock incentive
plans, the Committee has broad authority in administering and interpreting the
plans. Awards to employees may include a provision terminating the
award upon termination of employment under certain circumstances or accelerating
the receipt of benefits upon the occurrence of specified
events. Restricted stock granted under the stock incentive plans are
subject to vesting provisions. Stock options are also subject to
vesting provisions and expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of
grant. 

As of
February 17, 2009 , there
were 233,982 shares of restricted stock issued to our directors, officers and
employees and 1,742,022 options to purchase common stock granted to our
directors, officers and employees pursuant to the plans, and the number of
shares available for future issuance pursuant to the plans was
492,173. 

For
information regarding the number of shares of restricted stock and stock options
held by our directors and officers, see Item 12. "Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters." 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
Compensation and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors is composed of
Robert L. Evans, Curtland E. Fields (Chairman) and Michael D.
Jordan, none of whom are or have ever been an officer or employee of ATC
Technology Corporation or its subsidiaries and each of whom is, and at all times
during 2008 was, independent as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and the
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. During 2008
none of our executive officers served on the board of directors or compensation
committee of any entity with which any of Messrs. Evans, Fields or Jordan or any
other member of our Board of Directors had any affiliation. 

The
Compensation and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors has reviewed and
discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis appearing elsewhere in this
Item 11 with our management and based on such review and discussions, the
Compensation and Nominating Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors
that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Compensation
and Nominating Committee 

 Curtland
E. Fields, Chairman 

 Robert L.
Evans 

 Michael
D. Jordan 

The
foregoing report of the Compensation and Nominating Committee shall not be
deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by
reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the
Securities Act of 1933 or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we
specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise
be deemed filed under such Acts. 

102 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock (the
only class of our issued and outstanding voting securities), as of
February 17, 2009 by each of our directors, our Chief Executive Officer as
of December 31, 2008, our former Chief Financial Officer (who is now our
Chief Executive Officer), our current Chief Financial Officer, each of our three
other most highly compensated executive officers as of December 31, 2008,
our directors and executive officers as a group, and each person who at
February 17, 2009 was known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our
outstanding common stock. 

Beneficial
 Owner (1) 

Number
 of 

 Shares (2) 

Voting 

 Percentage 

Daruma
 Asset Management, Inc. (3) 

1,703,000 
 
 8.6 

Barclays
 Global Investors, NA (4) 

1,530,126 
 
 7.7 

FMR
 Corp. (5) 

1,465,694 
 
 7.4 

First
 Manhattan Co. (6) 

1,217,293 
 
 6.2 

Wells
 Fargo Company (7) 

1,057,258 
 
 5.3 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. (8) 

378,829 
 
 1.9 

Todd
 R. Peters (9) 

66,804 

Ashoka
 Achuthan (10) 

20,000 

F.
 Antony Francis (11) 

11,709 

Richard
 L. Stanley (12) 

35,322 

John
 M. Pinkerton (13) 

26,742 

Robert
 L. Evans (14) 

40,500 

Curtland
 E. Fields (14) 

40,500 

Dr.
 Michael J. Hartnett (15) 

135,500 

Michael
 D. Jordan (14) 

40,500 

S.
 Lawrence Prendergast (14) 

41,500 

Edward
 Stewart (14) 

57,500 

All
 directors and officers as a group (15 persons) (16) 

1,108,770 
 
 5.4 

_______________ 

 Less
than 1 . 

(1) 

Unless
 otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is 1400 Opus Place,
 Suite 600, Downers Grove, IL
60515. 

(2) 

The
 shares of common stock underlying options granted under our stock
 incentive plans that are exercisable as of February 17, 2009 or that
 will become exercisable within 60 days thereafter (such options being
 referred to as exercisable are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
 of calculating the beneficial ownership of the holder of such options, but
 are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the
 beneficial ownership of any other
person. 

(3) 

Daruma
 Asset Management, Inc. s address is 80 West 40 th 
 Street, 9 th 
 Floor, New York, NY 10018. Mariko O. Gordon is President of
 Daruma and is the principal shareholder holding in excess of 50 of the
 outstanding voting stock. 

(4) 

Barclay
 Global Investors, NA s address is 400 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA
 94105. 

(5) 

FMR
 Corp. s address is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA
 02109. 

(6) 

First
 Manhattan Co. s address is 437 Madison Avenue, New York, NY
 10022. 

(7) 

Wells
 Fargo Company s address is 420 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA
 94104. 

(8) 

Includes
 30,870 shares of restricted stock and 302,872 shares subject to
 exercisable options. Excludes 95,499 shares subject to options
 that are not exercisable. 

(9) 

Includes
 24,119 shares of restricted stock and 16,446 shares subject to exercisable
 options. Excludes 46,179 shares subject to options that are not
 exercisable. 26,239 shares are pledged as security for a
 personal loan from The Northern
Trust. 

(10) 

Consists
 of shares of restricted stock. Excludes 30,000 shares subject
 to options that are not
exercisable. 

(11) 

Includes
 7,364 shares of restricted stock and 3,000 shares subject to exercisable
 options. Excludes 23,953 shares subject to options that are not
 exercisable. 

(12) 

Includes
 25,322 shares of restricted stock and 10,000 shares subject to exercisable
 options. Excludes 42,275 shares subject to options that are not
 exercisable. 

(13) 

Includes
 12,449 shares of restricted stock and 10,322 shares subject to exercisable
 options. Excludes 16,068 shares subject to options that are not
 exercisable. 3,971 shares are held in a margin
 account. 

(14) 

Includes
 3,833 shares of restricted stock and 32,500 shares subject to exercisable
 options. Excludes 11,500 shares subject to options that are not
 exercisable. 

103 

Table of Contents 

(15) 

Includes
 3,833 shares of restricted stock and 127,500 shares subject to exercisable
 options. Excludes 11,500 shares subject to options that are not
 exercisable. 

(16) 

Includes
 157,572 shares of restricted stock and 809,157 shares subject to
 exercisable options. Excludes 369,867 shares subject to options
 that are not exercisable. 30,210 shares are pledged as security
 for a personal loan or held in a margin
account. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2008: 

Plan
 category 

Number
 of securities 

 to
 be issued 

 upon
 exercise of 

 outstanding
 options, 

 warrants
 and rights 

Weighted-average 

 exercise
 price of 

 outstanding
 options, 

 warrants
 and rights 

Number
 of securities 

 remaining
 available for 

 future
 issuances under 

 equity
 compensation plans 

 (excluding
 securities 

 reflected
 in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved
 by security holders 

1,747,022 

21.87 
 
 493,728 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

1,747,022 

493,728 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our Board
of Directors at all times during 2008 consisted of Chairman Donald T.
Johnson, Jr., lead director Michael D. Jordan, and directors Robert L.
Evans, Curtland E. Fields, Dr. Michael J. Hartnett,
S. Lawrence Prendergast and Edward Stewart. On January 1, 2009,
Todd R. Peters joined the Board and Mr. Stewart succeeded Mr. Jordan as Lead
Director. The Board has determined that all of our directors, with
the exception of Messrs. Johnson and Peters (who are also employees of ATC
Technology Corporation), are independent as defined in the Nasdaq listing
standards and the regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Our Compensation and Nominating Committee and our Audit
Committee are composed entirely of independent directors. 

Since the
beginning of 2008, we have not engaged in, nor is there any current proposal
that we engage in, any transaction or series of related transactions with any of
our directors, executive officers, anyone known by us to own (of record or
beneficially) more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, or any member of the
immediate family of any of the foregoing. 

The Audit
Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and approving
all related party transactions (as defined in the applicable Nasdaq listing
standards). Before approving such a transaction, the Audit Committee
would take into account all relevant factors that it deems appropriate,
including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to
us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third party under the
same or similar circumstances, and the extent of the related person s interest
in the transaction. The Audit Committee s responsibility for related
party transactions is set forth in the Committee s written charter (a copy of
which was attached to the proxy statement for our 2006 annual meeting and is
available on our website at www.goATC.com ). The
Audit Committee s policy regarding related party transactions is not in writing,
but is the result of the oral consensus of the members of the
Committee. 

104 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

Our
principal outside accountant is Ernst Young LLP. Set forth
below are the fees and expenses for Ernst Young for each of the last
two years for the following services provided to us: 

2008 

2007 

Audit
 Fees (1) 

1,033,250 

1,078,263 

Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 

239,910 

359,907 

Tax
 Fees (3) 

65,000 

67,016 

Total
 Fees 

1,338,160 

1,505,186 

_______________ 

(1) 

The
 fees for 2007 are 53,698 higher than reported in our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 due to audit fees incurred
 but not communicated 

 until
 after the filing of the 2007 Annual Report on
 Form10-K. 

(2) 

Consists
 of fees and expenses for services relating to Statement of Auditing
 Standards No. 70 reviews 141,310 for 2008 and 134,907 for 2007) and
 fees related to certain due 

 diligence
 services 98,600 for 2008 and 225,000 for
 2007). 

(3) 

Consists
 of fees and expenses for assistance with state, federal and foreign tax
 returns 65,000 for 2008 and 67,016 for
2007). 

The Audit
Committee of our Board of Directors pre-approves each non-audit engagement or
service with or by our independent auditor. Prior to pre-approving
any such non-audit engagement or service, it is the Committee's practice to
first receive information regarding the engagement or service that (i) is
detailed as to the specific engagement or service, and (ii) enables the Audit
Committee to make a well-reasoned assessment of the impact of the engagement or
service on the auditor s independence. In addition, the Chairman of
the Audit Committee is authorized to pre-approve any non-audit service between
regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee provided that the fees for
such service do not exceed 50,000 and the Chairman s approvals are reported to
the full Audit Committee at the next Audit Committee meeting. The
Audit Committee or the Audit Committee Chairman pre-approved all non-audit
engagements with, and services provided by, our independent auditor during 2008
and 2007. 

105 

Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) 

Index
 to Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and
 Exhibits: 

1. 

Financial
 Statements Index 

See
 Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page
 43. 

2. 

Financial
 Statement Schedules Index 

II
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

S-1 

All
 other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
 regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required
 under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been
 omitted. 

3. 

Exhibit
 Index 

The
 following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 or are incorporated herein by reference: 

Exhibit 

 Number 

Description 

3.1 

Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of Aftermarket Technology Corp (previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 December 21, 2001 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

3.2 

Bylaws of ATC Technology
 Corporation 

3.3 

Certificate
 of Ownership and Merger Merging Autocraft Remanufacturing Corp. into
 Aftermarket Technology Corp. under the name ATC Technology Corporation
 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on June 3, 2008 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.1 

Amended
 and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of December 20, 1996,
 among Aftermarket Technology Holdings Corp., Aaron's Automotive
 Products, Inc., ATC Components, Inc., CRS Holdings Corp.,
 Diverco Acquisition Corp., H.T.P., Inc., Mamco Converters, Inc.,
 R.P.M. Merit, Inc. and Tranzparts Acquisition Corp. (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 1996 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.2 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 1996 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 1996 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.3 

Form
 of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the ATC
 Technology Corporation 1996 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 25, 1996, Commission File
 No. 333-5597, and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.4 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.55 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 1998 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.5 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.57 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2000 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.6 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.7 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 December 14, 2004 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

106 

Table of Contents 

10.8 

Standard
 Terms and Conditions Governing Nonemployee Director Stock Options Granted
 on or after May 12, 2004 under the ATC Technology Corporation 1998,
 2000, 2002, and 2004 Stock Incentive Plans (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 December 14, 2004 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.9 

Standard
 Terms and Conditions Governing Employee Non-Qualified Stock Options
 Granted on or after May 12, 2004 under the ATC Technology Corporation
 1998, 2000, 2002, and 2004 Stock Incentive Plans (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 December 14, 2004 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.10 

Standard
 Terms and Conditions Governing Nonemployee Director Stock Options under
 the ATC Technology Corporation 1998, 2000 and 2002 Stock Incentive
 Plans 
 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on December 14, 2004 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.11 

Standard
 Terms and Conditions Governing Employee Non-Qualified Stock Options under
 the ATC Technology Corporation 1998, 2000 and 2002 Stock Incentive
 Plans 
 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on December 14, 2004 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.12 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6,
 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference) 

10.13 

Standard Terms and
 Conditions Governing Nonemployee Director Stock Options under the ATC
 Technology Corporation 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
 6, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference) 

10.14 

Standard Terms and
 Conditions Governing Employee Non-Qualified Stock Options under the ATC
 Technology Corporation 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (previously filed
 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
 6, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference) 

10.15 

Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement for Nonemployee Directors under the ATC
 Technology Corporation 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2006 Stock Incentive
 Plans (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2006 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.16 

Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employee under the ATC
 Technology Corporation 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004 and 2006 Stock Incentive
 Plans (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2006 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.17 

ATC
 Technology Corporation Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan (previously
 filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 June 6, 2005 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.18 

ATC
 Technology Corporation Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan Adoption
 Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company's Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2006 and incorporated herein by
 this reference) 

10.19 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of
 January 1, 2009, between the Company and Donald T. Johnson,
 Jr. 

10.20 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of
 January 1, 2009, between the Company and Todd R.
 Peters 

10.21 

Form of Executive Employment Agreement between the
 Company and certain of its executive officers 

10.22 

Form
 of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and directors and
 executive officers (previously filed as Exhibit 10.46 to Amendment No. 1
 the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-35543)
 filed on October 1, 1997 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.23 

Stock
 Purchase Agreement dated as of September 1, 2000 between the Company
 and ATCDG Acquisition Corp., Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 27, 2000
 and incorporated herein by this reference) 

10.24 

Amendment
 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 27, 2000 between the
 Company Corporation and ATCDG Acquisition Corp., Inc. (previously filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
 October 27, 2000 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.25 

Amendment
 No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 25, 2001
 between the Company and ATC Distribution Group (as the successor to ATCDG
 Acquisition Corp., Inc.) (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2001 and
 incorporated herein by this reference) 

10.26 

Agreement
 dated as of July 2, 2001 between the Company and ATC Distribution
 Group (as the successor to ATCDG Acquisition Corp., Inc.) (previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 December 21, 2001 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.27 

Amendment
 No. 3 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 19, 2001
 between the Company and ATC Distribution Group (as the successor to ATCDG
 Acquisition Corp., Inc.) (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2001 and
 incorporated herein by this
reference) 

107 

Table of Contents 

10.28 

Amendment
 No. 4 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of December 28, 2001
 between the Company and ATC Distribution Group (as the successor to ATCDG
 Acquisition Corp., Inc.) (previously filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the
 Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2001 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.29 

Amendment
 No. 5 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 2, 2002 between
 the Company and ATC Distribution Group (as the successor to ATCDG
 Acquisition Corp., Inc.) (previously filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the
 Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by this
 reference) 

10.30 

Credit
 Agreement dated as of March 21, 2006 among the Company, Bank of America,
 N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other Lenders party thereto, Banc
 of America Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., JPMorgan Chase
 Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Charter One Bank, N.A. (previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended March 31, 2006 and incorporated herein by
 reference) 

10.31 

Guaranty
 and Collateral Agreement dated as of March 21, 2006 made by the Company
 and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as
 Administrative Agent (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 and
 incorporated herein by reference) 

10.32 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of
 December 8, 2008, between the Company and Ashoka
 Achuthan 

14 

Code
 of Ethics (previously filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company's Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 and
 incorporated herein by this reference) 

18.1 

Preferability letter of Ernst Young LLP,
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

21 

List of Subsidiaries 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
 Executive Officer 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
 Financial Officer 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer 

______________ 

 Filed
herewith. 

 Compensation
plan or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to
participate. 

(b) 

Refer
 to (a) 3 above. 

(c) 

Refer
 to (a) 2 above. 

108 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ATC
 TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/
 Todd R. Peters 

Todd
 R. Peters 

 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

February
 26, 2009 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Todd R. Peters 

Todd
 R. Peters 

 President,
 Chief Executive Officer 

 and
 Director 

 (principal
 executive officer) 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Ashoka Achuthan 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

 Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal
 financial officer) 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 John M. Pinkerton 

John
 M. Pinkerton 

 Vice
 President and Chief Accounting Officer 

 (principal
 accounting officer) 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Robert L. Evans 

Robert
 L. Evans, Director 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Curtland E. Fields 

Curtland
 E. Fields, Director 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Michael J. Hartnett 

Michael
 J. Hartnett, Director 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Donald T. Johnson, Jr. 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr., Chairman of the Board 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Michael D. Jordan 

Michael
 D. Jordan, Director 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 S. Lawrence Prendergast 

S.
 Lawrence Prendergast, Director 

February
 26, 2009 

/s/
 Edward Stewart 

Edward
 Stewart, Director 

109 

Table of Contents 

ATC
Technology Corporation 

Schedule
II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 (In
Thousands) 

Additions 

Balance
 at 

 Beginning 

 of
 Period 

Charge 

 (Income)
 to 

 Costs
 and 

 Expenses 

Adjustments 

 to
 Other 

 Accounts 

Deductions 

Balance
 at 

 End
 of Period 

Year
 ended December 31, 2006: 

Reserve
 and allowances deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance
 for uncollectible accounts 

963 

(23) 

69 
 (1) 

871 

Reserve
 for excess and obsolete inventory 

5,077 

1,667 

84 
 (2) 

1,638 

5,190 

Valuation
 allowance on deferred tax assets 

11,759 

484 

12,243 

Year
 ended December 31, 2007: 

Reserve
 and allowances deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance
 for uncollectible accounts 

871 

(217) 

71 
 (1) 

583 

Reserve
 for excess and obsolete inventory 

5,190 

4,369 

14 
 (2) 

3,479 

6,094 

Valuation
 allowance on deferred tax assets 

12,243 

(62) 

5,736 
 (3) 

6,445 

Year
 ended December 31, 2008: 

Reserve
 and allowances deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance
 for uncollectible accounts 

583 

15 

(20) (2) 

109 
 (1) 

469 

Reserve
 for excess and obsolete inventory 

6,094 

10,422 

(236) (2) 

9,337 

6,943 

Valuation
 allowance on deferred tax assets 

6,445 

111 
 (3) 

6,334 

______________ 

(1) 

Accounts
 written off, net of recoveries. 

(2) 

Currency
 translation adjustment. 

(3) 

Related
 to the expiration of capital loss
carryforwards. 

S-1 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 exhibit3_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2 BYLAWS

exhibit3_2.htm 

EXHIBIT
3.2 

BYLAWS 

OF 

ATC
TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

ATC
TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

(a
Delaware corporation) 

BYLAWS 

ARTICLE
I 

Offices 

SECTION 1.01 Registered
Office. The registered office of ATC Technology Corporation
(hereinafter called the Corporation) in the State of Delaware shall be at 1013
Centre Road, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the
registered agent in charge thereof shall be Corporation Service
Company. 

SECTION 1.02 Other Offices. The
Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places,
either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors
(hereinafter called the Board) may from time to time determine or as the
business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE
II 

Meetings
of Stockholders 

SECTION 2.01 Annual
Meetings. Annual meetings of the stockholders of the
Corporation for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of
such other proper business as may come before such meetings may be held at such
time, date and place as the Board shall determine by resolution. 

SECTION 2.02 Special Meetings. A
special meeting of the stockholders for the transaction of any proper business
may be called at any time by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or by the
Chief Executive Officer. 

SECTION 2.03 Place of
Meetings. All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at
such places, within or without the State of Delaware, as may from time to time
be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and
specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof. 

SECTION 2.04 Notice of
Meetings. Except as otherwise required by law, notice of each
meeting of the stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given not less
than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote at such meeting by delivering a typewritten or
printed notice thereof to him personally, or by depositing such notice in the
United States mail, in a postage prepaid envelope, directed to him at his post
office address furnished by him to the Secretary of the Corporation for such
purpose or, if he shall not have furnished to the Secretary his address for such
purpose, then at his post office address last known to the Secretary, or by

1 

transmitting a
notice thereof to him at such address by telegraph, cable, or
wireless. Except as otherwise expressly required by law, no
publication of any notice of a meeting of the stockholders shall be
required. Every notice of a meeting of the stockholders shall state
the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting,
shall also state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is
called. Notice of any meeting of stockholders shall not be required
to be given to any stockholder who shall have waived such notice and such notice
shall be deemed waived by any stockholder who shall attend such meeting in
person or by proxy, except as a stockholder who shall attend such meeting for
the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the
transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened. Except as otherwise expressly required by law, notice of
any adjourned meeting of the stockholders need not be given if the time and
place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is
taken. 

SECTION 2.05 Quorum. Except in
the case of any meeting for the election of directors summarily ordered as
provided by law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the
shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in
person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at
any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment
thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment
thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or
by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the
stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as secretary of,
such meeting may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any such
adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
called. 

SECTION
2.06 Voting. 

(a) Each stockholder shall,
at each meeting of the stockholders, be entitled to vote in person or by proxy
each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting
rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by him and
registered in his name on the books of the Corporation: 

(i) on
the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such
meeting, or 

(ii) if no such record date shall
have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the
meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the
day on which the meeting shall be held. 

(b) Shares of its own stock
belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the
shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation
is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled
to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes. Persons holding stock of
the Corporation in a fiduciary capacity shall be entitled to vote such
stock. Persons whose stock is pledged shall be entitled to vote,
unless in the transfer by the pledgor on the books of the Corporation

2 

he shall
have expressly empowered the pledgee to vote thereon, in which case only the
pledgee, or his proxy, may represent such stock and vote
thereon. Stock having voting power standing of record in the names of
two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint
tenants in common, tenants by entirety or otherwise, or with respect to which
two or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship, shall be voted in
accordance with the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware. 

(c) Any such voting rights
may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his proxy
appointed by an instrument in writing, subscribed by such stockholder or by his
attorney thereunto authorized and delivered to the secretary of the meeting;
provided, however, that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years
from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer
period. The attendance at any meeting of a stockholder who may
theretofore have given a proxy shall not have the effect of revoking the same
unless he shall in writing so notify the secretary of the meeting prior to the
voting of the proxy. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters,
except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, in these
Bylaws or by law, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest
of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat
and thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the
stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, unless so directed by the
chairman of the meeting. On a vote by ballot each ballot shall be
signed by the stockholder voting, or by his proxy, if there be such proxy, and
it shall state the number of shares voted. 

SECTION 2.07 List of
Stockholders. The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare
and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list
of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical
order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares
registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open
to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting,
during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the
meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held,
which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so
specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list
shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the
whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is
present. 

SECTION 2.08 Judges. If at any
meeting of the stockholders a vote by written ballot shall be taken on any
question, the chairman of such meeting may appoint a judge or judges to act with
respect to such vote. Each judge so appointed shall first subscribe
an oath faithfully to execute the duties of a judge at such meeting with strict
impartiality and according to the best of his ability. Such judges
shall decide upon the qualification of the voters and shall report the number of
shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on such question, shall
conduct and accept the votes, and, when the voting is completed, shall ascertain
and report the number of shares voted respectively for and against the
question. Reports of judges shall be in writing and subscribed and
delivered by them to the Secretary of the Corporation. The judges
need not be stockholders of the Corporation, and any officer of the Corporation
may be a judge on any question other than a vote for or against a proposal in
which he shall have a material interest. 

3 

ARTICLE
III 

Board
of Directors 

SECTION 3.01 General Powers. The
property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the
Board. 

SECTION 3.02 Number and Term of
Office. The number of directors shall be not less than one nor
more than 15 until changed in accordance with applicable law. The
exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits
specified, by resolutions of the Board or the stockholders. Subject
to the foregoing provisions for changing the exact number of directors, the
number of directors of the Corporation shall be eight. Directors need
not be stockholders. Each of the directors of the Corporation shall
hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and shall qualify
or until he shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter
provided. 

SECTION 3.03 Election of
Directors. The directors shall be elected annually by the
stockholders of the Corporation and the persons receiving the greatest number of
votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be the
directors. 

SECTION 3.04 Resignations. Any
director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice to
the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such
resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be
not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless
otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective. 

SECTION
3.05 Vacancies. Except
as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the
Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in
the number of directors, or any other cause, may be filled by vote of the
majority of the remaining directors, although less than a
quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office
until his successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until he shall
resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter
provided. 

SECTION 3.06 Place of Meeting,
Etc. The Board may hold any of its meetings at such place or
places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board may from time to
time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons
calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such
meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting
of the Board by means of conference telephone or similar communications
equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting of the
Board can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in
person at such meeting. 

SECTION 3.07 First Meeting. The
Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors
and notice of such first meeting shall not be required. 

SECTION 3.08 Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such
times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution
determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal
holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be
held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal
holiday. Except as provided by law, notice of regular meetings need
not be given. 

4 

SECTION 3.09 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board shall be held whenever
called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority
of the authorized number of directors. Except as otherwise provided
by law or by these Bylaws, notice of the time and place of each such special
meeting shall be given to each director in writing and delivered personally,
mailed to his or her address appearing on the records of the Corporation, or
given by telegram, cable, telephone, telecopy, facsimile or a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service. 

(i) Notice to directors by
mail shall be given at least two business days before the meeting and shall be
deemed to be given when mailed to the director at his or her address appearing
on the records of the Corporation. 

(ii) Notice
to directors by telegram, cable, personal delivery, telephone or wireless shall
be given a reasonable time before the meeting but in no event less than one hour
before the meeting. Notice by telegram or cable shall be deemed to be
given when the telegram or cable addressed to the director at his or her address
appearing on the records of the Corporation is delivered to the telegraph
company. Notice by telephone or wireless shall be deemed to be given
when transmitted by telephone or wireless to the telephone number or wireless
call designation appearing on the records of the Corporation for the director
(regardless of whether the director shall have personally received such
telephone call or wireless message), provided confirmation of transmission shall
be made promptly by telegram or cable in the manner specified
above. 

Except
where otherwise required by law or by these Bylaws, notice of the purpose of a
special meeting need not be given. Notice of any meeting of the Board
shall not be required to be given to any director who is present at such
meeting, except a director who shall attend such meeting for the express purpose
of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any
business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

SECTION 3.10 Quorum and Manner of
Acting. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by
law, the presence of a majority of the authorized number of directors shall be
required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting
of the Board, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum
being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors
present. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of directors present
at any meeting may adjourn the same from time to time until a quorum shall be
present. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be
given. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual
directors shall have no power as such. 

SECTION 3.11 Action by
Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting
if a written consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board or of such
committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the
minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. 

5 

SECTION
3.12 Removal of
Directors. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation, any director may be removed at any time, either with or without
cause, by the affirmative vote of the stockholders having a majority of the
voting power of the Corporation given at a special meeting of the stockholders
called for the purpose. 

SECTION 3.13 Compensation. The
directors shall receive only such compensation for their services as directors
as may be allowed by resolution of the Board. The Board may also
provide that the Corporation shall reimburse each such director for any expense
incurred by him on account of his attendance at any meetings of the Board or
Committees of the Board. Neither the payment of such compensation nor
the reimbursement of such expenses shall be construed to preclude any director
from serving the Corporation or its subsidiaries in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefor. 

SECTION 3.14 Committees. The
Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one
or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of
the Corporation. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution of the Board and except as otherwise limited by law, shall have and
may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the
business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Any
such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to
the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. In the absence or
disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or
they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to
act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified
member. 

SECTION 3.15 Election of
Chairman. The Board shall elect from its members a Chairman of
the Board. The Chairman shall have such powers and duties as shall be
assigned to or required of the Chairman by the Board. 

ARTICLE
IV 

Officers 

SECTION 4.01 Officers Elected by the
Board . The Board shall elect in its discretion the Chief
Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, one or more Vice
Presidents (the number thereof and their respective titles to be determined by
the Board), the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Corporation at
each annual meeting of the Board. The Board also may appoint such
other officers and agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem
necessary. The Board may assign such additional titles to one or more
of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any two or more offices
may be held by the same person, as determined by the Board. 

6 

SECTION 4.02 Term of
Office. Each officer shall hold office until his successor
shall have been duly chosen and shall qualify or until his resignation or
removal in the manner hereinafter provided. 

SECTION
4.03 Assistants, Agents and Employees,
Etc. In addition to the officers specified in Section 4.01,
the Board may appoint other assistants, agents and employees as it may deem
necessary or advisable, including one or more Assistant Secretaries, and one or
more Assistant Treasurers, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have
such authority, and perform such duties as the Board may from time to time
determine. The Board may delegate to any officer of the Corporation
or any committee of the Board the power to appoint, remove and prescribe the
duties of any such assistants, agents or employees. 

SECTION 4.04 Removal. Any
officer, assistant, agent or employee of the Corporation may be removed, with or
without cause, at any time: (i) in the case of an officer, assistant, agent or
employee appointed by the Board, only by resolution of the Board; and (ii) in
the case of an officer, assistant, agent or employee, by any officer of the
Corporation or committee of the Board upon whom or which such power of removal
may be conferred by the Board. 

SECTION 4.05 Resignations. Any
officer or assistant may resign at any time by giving written notice of his
resignation to the Board or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any
such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the
time be not specified, upon receipt thereof by the Board or the Secretary, as
the case may be; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

SECTION 4.06 Vacancies. A
vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification,
or other cause, may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term thereof in
the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments or elections to
such office. 

SECTION 4.07 The Chief Executive
Officer . The Chief Executive Officer, at the request of the
Chairman of the Board or upon his absence or disability, or in the event of a
vacancy in the office of Chairman of the Board, shall exercise all the powers of
Chairman of the Board as provided in Section 3.15. The Chief
Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board, exercise general
and active management and supervision over the property, business and affairs of
the Corporation and shall authorize officers of the Corporation to exercise such
powers as he, in his discretion, may deem to be in the best interests of the
Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall in general perform all
duties incident to general management and supervision of the Corporation and
such other duties as the Board shall designate from time to time, and shall see
that all resolutions and orders of the Board are carried into
effect. 

SECTION 4.08 The President. The
President, at the request of the Chief Executive Officer or upon his absence or
disability, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chief Executive
Officer, shall exercise all the powers of Chief Executive Officer as provided in
Section 4.07. The President shall, subject to the control of the
Chief Executive Officer and the Board, exercise general management and
supervision over the business and affairs of the Corporation, and shall
authorize officers of the Corporation, other than the Chief 

7 

Executive
Officer, to exercise such powers with respect to the operating function of the
Corporation as he, in his discretion, may deem to be in the best interests of
the Corporation. The President shall perform such other duties and
have such other powers as the Board shall designate from time to
time. 

SECTION 4.09 The Chief Operating
Officer. The Chief Operating Officer, if the Board shall
elect one, shall at the request of the President or upon his absence or
disability, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the President, shall
exercise all the powers of the President as provided in Section
4.08. The Chief Operating Officer shall, subject to the control of
the Chief Executive Officer, the President and the Board, exercise general
management and supervision over the operating functions of the Corporation, and
shall authorize officers of the Corporation, other than the Chief Executive
Officer and the President, to exercise such powers with respect to the operating
function of the Corporation as he, in his discretion, may deem to be in the best
interests of the Corporation. The Chief Operating Officer shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board shall
designate from time to time. 

SECTION 4.10 The Vice
Presidents. Each Vice President shall have such powers and
perform such duties as the Board may from time to time prescribe. At
the request of the President, or in case of the President's absence or inability
to act upon the request of the Board, a Vice President shall perform the duties
of the President and when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be
subject to all the restrictions upon, the President. 

SECTION 4.11 The Secretary. The
Secretary shall, if present, record the proceedings of all meetings of the
Board, of the stockholders, and of all committees of which a secretary shall not
have been appointed in one or more books provided for that purpose; he shall see
that all notices are duly given in accordance with these Bylaws and as required
by law; he shall be custodian of the seal of the Corporation and shall affix and
attest the seal to all documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation
under its seal; and, in general, he shall perform all the duties incident to the
office of Secretary and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned
to him by the Board. 

SECTION 4.12 The Chief Financial
Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the general
care and custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, and shall
deposit all such funds in the name of the Corporation in such banks, trust
companies or other depositories as shall be selected by the Board. He
shall receive, and give receipts for, moneys due and payable to the Corporation
from any source whatsoever. He shall exercise general supervision
over expenditures and disbursements made by officers, agents and employees of
the Corporation and the preparation of such records and reports in connection
therewith as may be necessary or desirable. He shall, in general,
perform all other duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and
such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the
Board. 

SECTION 4.13 Compensation. The
compensation of the officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time
by the Board. None of such officers shall be prevented from receiving
such compensation by reason of the fact that he is also a director of the
Corporation. Nothing contained herein shall preclude any
officer from serving the 

8 

Corporation,
or any subsidiary corporation, in any other capacity and receiving such
compensation by reason of the fact that he is also a director of the
Corporation. Nothing contained herein shall preclude any officer from
serving the Corporation, or any subsidiary corporation, in any other capacity
and receiving proper compensation therefor. 

ARTICLE
V 

Contracts,
Checks, Drafts, Bank Accounts, Etc. 

SECTION 5.01 Execution of
Contracts. The Board, except as in th ese Bylaws otherwise
provided, may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into
any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the
Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer,
agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by
any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for
any purpose or in any amount. 

SECTION 5.02 Checks, Drafts,
Etc. All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money,
notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the
Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such
manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the
Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give
such bond, if any, as the Board may require. 

SECTION 5.03 Deposits. All funds
of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time
to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other
depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or
officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of
the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the
Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection
for the account of the Corporation, the Chief Executive Officer, the President,
the Chief Operating Officer, any Vice President or the Chief Financial Officer
(or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or
attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be
determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and
other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the
Corporation. 

SECTION 5.04 General and Special Bank
Accounts. The Board may from time to time authorize the
opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust
companies or other depositories as the Board may select or as may be selected by
any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney
or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by
the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with
respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these
Bylaws, as it may deem expedient. 

9 

ARTICLE
VI 

Shares
and Their Transfer 

SECTION 6.01 Certificates for
Stock. Every owner of stock of the Corporation shall be
entitled to have a certificate or certificates, to be in such form as the Board
shall prescribe, certifying the number and class of shares of the stock of the
Corporation owned by him. The certificates representing shares of
such stock shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and
shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, the Chief Operating Officer or a Vice President, and by the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Chief Financial Officer or an
Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the
certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent
or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon,
any such certificate, shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or
registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may nevertheless
be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who
signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed
thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of
issue. A record shall be kept of the respective names of the persons,
firms or corporations owning the stock represented by such certificates, the
number and class of shares represented by such certificates, respectively, and
the respective dates thereof, and in case of cancellation, the respective dates
of cancellation. Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for
exchange or transfer shall be cancelled, and no new certificate or certificates
shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing
certificate shall have been so cancelled, except in cases provided for in
Section 6.04. 

SECTION 6.02 Transfers of
Stock. Transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall
be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof,
or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and
filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent appointed
as provided in Section 6.03, and upon surrender of the certificate or
certificates for such shares properly endorsed and the payment of all taxes
thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books
of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards
the Corporation. Whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for
collateral security, and not absolutely, such fact shall be so expressed in the
entry of transfer if, when the certificate or certificates shall be presented to
the Corporation for transfer, both the transferor and the transferee request the
Corporation to do so. 

SECTION 6.03 Regulations. The
Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not
inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration
of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may
appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer
clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may
require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of
them. 

SECTION 6.04 Lost, Stolen, Destroyed and Mutilated
Certificates. In any case of loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of any certificate of stock, another may be issued in its place upon
proof of such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation and upon the giving of a
bond of indemnity to the Corporation in such form and in such sum as the Board
may direct; provided, however, that a new certificate may be issued without
requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, it is proper so to
do. 

10 

SECTION
6.05 Fixing Date for Determination of
Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may
determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of
stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate
action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any
dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to
exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of
stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in
advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days
before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other
action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders
for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders or
expressing consent to corporate action without a meeting the Board shall not fix
such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such
purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt
the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any
adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new
record date for the adjourned meeting. 

ARTICLE
VII 

Indemnification 

SECTION 7.01 Action, Etc., Other Than by or in the
Right of the Corporation. The Corporation shall indemnify any
person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the
right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against
expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such
action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination
of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or
upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a
presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that he had
reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

SECTION 7.02 Actions, Etc., by or in the Right of
the Corporation. The Corporation shall indemnify any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to
procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint 

11 

venture, trust
or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and
reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such
action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, except that no
indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to
which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or
misconduct in the performance of his duty to the Corporation unless and only to
the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit
was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of
liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of
Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 

SECTION 7.03 Determination of Right of
Indemnification. Any indemnification under Section 7.01 or
7.02 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as
authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the
director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he
has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 7.01 and 7.02.
Such determination shall be made (i) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum
consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding,
or (ii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of
disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written
opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders. 

SECTION
7.04 Indemnification Against Expenses of
Successful Party. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this
Article, to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any
action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 7.01 or 7.02, or in defense of
any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses
(including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in
connection therewith. 

SECTION 7.05 Prepaid
Expenses. Expenses incurred by an officer or director in
defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the
Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or
proceeding as authorized by the Board in the specific case upon receipt of an
undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount
unless it shall ultimately be determined that he is entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation as authorized in this Article. Such expenses
incurred by other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and
conditions, if any, as the Board deems appropriate. 

SECTION 7.06 Other Rights and
Remedies. The indemnification provided by this Article shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking
indemnification may be entitled under any Bylaws, agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such
office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors and administrators of such a person. 

12 

SECTION 7.07 Insurance. Upon
resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against
him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as
such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him
against such liability under the provisions of this Article. 

SECTION 7.08 Constituent
Corporations. For the purposes of this Article, references to
"the Corporation" include all constituent corporations absorbed in a
consolidation or merger as well as the resulting or surviving corporation, so
that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such a
constituent corporation or is or was serving at the request of such constituent
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise shall stand in the same
position under the provisions of this Article with respect to the resulting or
surviving corporation as he would if he had served the resulting or surviving
corporation in the same capacity. 

SECTION 7.09 Other Enterprises, Fines and Serving
at Corporation's Request. For purposes of this Article,
references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans;
references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with
respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request
of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee
or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by,
such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit
plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith
and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a
manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in
this Article. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION 8.01 Seal. The Board
shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall
bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the
Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of
incorporation. 

SECTION 8.02 Waiver of
Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given by these
Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation or by law, the person entitled to
said notice may waive such notice in writing, either before or after the time
stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to
notice. 

SECTION 8.03 Amendments. These
Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may
be made, (i) by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then
in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board, or (ii) by the
stockholders, at any annual meeting of stockholders, without previous notice, or
at any special meeting of stockholders, provided that notice of such proposed
amendment, modification, repeal or adoption is given in the notice of special
meeting. Any Bylaws made or altered by the stockholders may be
altered or repealed by either the Board or the stockholders. 

13 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 exhibit10_19.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19 EXEC. EMPLOYMENT AGT.-D. JOHNSON

exhibit10_19.htm 

EXHIBIT
10.19 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Executive Employment Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of
January 1, 2009 by and between Donald T. Johnson Jr., a natural person
("Executive"), and ATC Technology Corporation, a Delaware corporation ATC ). As used herein, the Company refers to ATC and/or any
subsidiary of ATC. The parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment. 

(a) Best
Efforts . Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company
agrees to employ Executive as Chairman of ATC and Executive hereby accepts such
employment. While employed by the Company, Executive will devote his
best efforts and such time as is necessary to the performance of his duties
hereunder and to the business and affairs of ATC and its subsidiaries and will
not be employed by any other employer (other than an employer owned at least
50.1 by Executive), although Executive may serve on other boards of directors
so long as such service does not create a conflict of interest with the
Company. 

(b) Duties . Executive
shall perform such duties for the Company as are customarily associated with the
position of Chairman, consistent with the Bylaws of the Company and as required
by the Board of Directors of ATC. 

(c) Company
Policies . The employment relationship between the parties
shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the
Company, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in
conflict with such employment policies and practices, this Agreement shall
control. 

2. Compensation and
Benefits. 

(a) Salary . Executive
shall receive for services to be rendered hereunder a base salary of 236,274
payable on the Company s regular payroll dates, subject to standard withholdings
for taxes and social security and the like. 

(b) Incentive
Plans . Executive shall not participate in any of the Company s
incentive plans, provided that nothing in this Agreement shall affect
Executive s previously established participation in the 2008 Incentive
Compensation Plan or the cash award component of the 2008-2010 Long-Term
Incentive Plan. 

(c) Participation in Benefit
Plans . While employed by the Company, Executive shall be
entitled to participate in any group medical, dental, health and accident,
disability insurance, life insurance (at a minimum of 1.5 million in
Company-paid coverage), retirement income, deferred compensation or similar plan
or program of the Company to the extent that he is eligible under the general
provisions thereof. The Company may, in its discretion and from time
to time, establish additional management benefit programs as it deems
appropriate. Executive understands that any such plans may be
modified or eliminated in the Company's discretion in accordance with applicable
law. 

3. Perquisites . 

(a) Financial Planning/Club Dues
Allowance . Executive shall be entitled to a financial
planning/club dues allowance of 8,438, subject to applicable
withholding. 

(b) Automobile . Executive
shall be entitled to an automobile allowance of 10,126, subject to applicable
withholding. 

4. Business
Expenses . Executive shall
be reimbursed for documented and reasonable business travel expenses in
connection with the performance of his duties hereunder. 

5. Termination
of Employment . The date on which
Executive's employment by the Company ceases, under any of the circumstances
provided in Section 5(a)-(g), shall be defined herein as the "Termination
Date." All capitalized terms used in this Section 5 without
definition will have the meanings set forth in Section 5(l). 

(a) End of Employment
Term . Unless terminated earlier pursuant to
Section 5(b)-(g), Executive s employment will terminate on June 3,
2009. Within ten business days after the Termination Date, Executive
shall receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and
the Earned Benefits. Executive shall also receive the LTIP
Payment. Except as provided above, no compensation of any kind or
severance payment will be payable under this Agreement due to a termination
pursuant to this Section 5(a), except that if a Change in Control occurs
prior to Executive s termination pursuant to this Section 5(a), such
termination shall be treated as a Company termination without Cause and
Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits provided in
Section 5(f). 

(b) Termination for
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive's employment at any
time for Cause immediately upon written notice to Executive of the circumstances
leading to such termination for Cause. If Executive's employment is
terminated for Cause, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date (which in this event shall be the date upon which
notice of termination is given) and the Earned Benefits. The Company
shall have no obligation to pay severance of any kind nor to make any payment in
lieu of notice if Executive is terminated for Cause. 

(c) Voluntary
Termination . Executive may voluntarily terminate his
employment with the Company at any time upon 90 days prior written
notice. Within ten business days after the Termination Date,
Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination
Date and the Earned Benefits, after which no further compensation of any kind or
severance payment will be payable under this Agreement. If the Board
determines that Executive has provided all services and cooperation required by
the Board to transition Executive s position to a successor (regardless of
whether an orderly transition has actually occurred), Executive shall also
receive the LTIP Payment. 

(d) Termination Upon
Death . Executive s employment will terminate upon his
death. Within ten business days after the Termination Date,
Executive s Beneficiary shall receive payment for all accrued salary through the
Termination Date and the Earned Benefits. Executive s Beneficiary
shall also receive the LTIP Payment. Except as provided above, no
compensation of any kind or severance payment will be payable under this
Agreement due to a termination pursuant to this
Section 5(d). 

2 

(e) Termination Upon
Disability . The Company may terminate Executive's employment
in the event Executive suffers a disability that renders Executive unable to
perform the essential functions of his position, even with reasonable
accommodation in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, for three
consecutive months. A termination in such circumstances shall be
treated as a Company termination without Cause and Executive shall be entitled
to the payments and benefits provided in Section 5(f) and
Section 5(i)(i). The foregoing shall not affect any rights that
Executive may have under applicable workers compensation laws or any disability
plan of the Company. 

(f) Termination Without
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive's employment
without Cause at any time upon 30 days prior written notice. Within
ten business days after the Termination Date, Executive shall receive payment
for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the Earned
Benefits. Executive shall also receive the LTIP
Payment. In addition, the Company shall pay Executive as severance
 1,120,000 (i.e., 200 of Executive s annualized base
salary). Subject to Section 11, the severance shall be paid in
equal installments on each of the Company s regular payroll dates during the
two-year period following the Termination Date, unless the Termination Date
occurs after a Change in Control, in which case the severance will be paid in a
single lump sum within ten business days after the Termination
Date. The Company will pay up to 25,000 of the cost of an
executive level individualized career transition program through a professional
outplacement firm mutually selected by the Company and the Executive if such
program is initiated within 30 days after the Termination Date. If
Executive dies after the Termination Date, the payment or payments due
thereafter under this Section 5(f) shall be made to Executive s Beneficiary
but the career transition benefits shall terminate as of the date of
death. As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits provided
by this Section 5(f) (other than payment for all accrued salary through the
Termination Date and the Earned Benefits, which shall be payable in any case),
Executive shall execute and deliver to the Company on the Termination Date a
general release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

(g) Fundamental
Changes . If the Company (i) materially diminishes
Executive's duties, authority, responsibility or compensation without
performance justification, or (ii) breaches this Agreement in any material
respect, Executive may terminate his employment, provided that Executive has
given the Company 30 days written notice prior to such termination and the
Company has not cured such diminution or breach, as the case may be, by the end
of such 30-day period. A termination in such circumstances shall be
treated as a Company termination without Cause and Executive shall be entitled
to the payments and benefits provided in Section 5(f) and
Section 5(i)(i). 

(h) Medical
Coverage . Except in the case of Executive s death or
termination for Cause, until the fifth anniversary of the Termination Date (such
five-year period being the Coverage Period the Company will provide continued
medical-related insurance coverage to Executive and his spouse at the levels and
at the rates applicable from time to time to comparable active employees and
spouses of the Company. Medical-related insurance coverage includes
health, dental, vision and/or cancer. COBRA continuation coverage
eligibility 

3 

shall
commence as of the day following the end of the Coverage
Period. Notwithstanding the above, coverage under each of these plans
shall cease on the date (i) Executive (or his spouse in the event Executive
dies during the Coverage Period) fails to pay timely the premium required by
such plan, (ii) Executive (or his spouse in the event Executive dies during
the Coverage Period) becomes eligible for coverage under Medicare or the group
health plan of any other employer, or (iii) the Company terminates such
plan as to all its employees, provided, however, that if the Company terminates
such plan, the Company shall make a lump sum payment to Executive (or to his
spouse in the event Executive dies during the Coverage Period) equal to
(x) the Company s contribution to such plan with respect to Executive and
his spouse (or just his spouse if Executive is then no longer alive) for the
last full month during which coverage was provided under such plan multiplied by
(y) the number of months remaining in the Coverage Period. 

(i) Vesting of Restricted Stock
and Stock Options . All of Executive s restricted stock and
unvested stock options that are outstanding as of the Termination Date will be
treated as follows following the Termination Date: 

(i) In
the case of termination pursuant to Section 5(a) or Company termination
without Cause, such restricted stock and unvested options will continue to vest
after the Termination Date according to their vesting schedules notwithstanding
the fact that Executive has ceased to be an employee of the
Company. 

(ii) In the case of
Executive s death, such restricted stock and unvested options shall fully vest
as of the Termination Date. 

(iii) In
the case of voluntary resignation, such restricted stock and unvested options
will terminate on the Termination Date unless the Board determines that
Executive has provided prior to the termination of Executive s employment all
services and cooperation required by the Board to transition Executive s
position to a successor (regardless of whether an orderly transition has
actually occurred), in which case such restricted stock and unvested options
will continue to vest after the Termination Date according to their vesting
schedules notwithstanding the fact that Executive has ceased to be an employee
of the Company. 

(iv) In
the case of termination for Cause, restricted stock and unvested options will
terminate on the Termination Date. 

(v) Except
in the case of termination for Cause, options that are vested as of the
Termination Date or subsequently vest pursuant to this Section 5(i) shall
remain in effect and be exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the date of
grant. 

(j) No Other Payments or
Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, (i) after the Termination Date Executive will not be entitled to
any payments from the Company and (ii) on the Termination Date Executive s
participation in and coverage under the Company s benefit programs (including
the ATC Retirement Savings Plan i.e. , the 401(k) plan) and
the Company s group life and disability insurance plans) shall cease; provided
that Executive shall retain any right to convert to individual coverage as
permitted under these insurance plans and to any vested benefits under the
401(k) plan and the Company s stock option plans. 

4 

(k) Withholding . Any
amounts payable under this Section 5 shall be subject to standard withholdings
for taxes and social security and the like. 

(l) Definitions . 

(i) Beneficiary means a person,
trust or other entity (or any combination thereof) designated from time to time
by Executive in writing to receive compensation payable hereunder following
Executive s death. In the event Executive does not designate a
Beneficiary or there is no surviving Beneficiary, then Executive s estate will
be the Beneficiary. 

(ii) " Cause " means the occurrence
or existence of any of the following with respect to Executive, as determined by
the Company in its sole discretion: 

(A) a material breach by
Executive of (x) his duty not to engage in any transaction that represents,
directly or indirectly, self-dealing with the Company or any of its affiliates
that has not been approved by the Company, or (y) the terms of this
Agreement, if in any such case such material breach remains uncured after the
lapse of 30 days following the date that the Company has given Executive written
notice thereof; 

(B) the material breach by
Executive of any duty referred to in clause (A) above as to which at least one
written notice has been given pursuant to clause (A); 

(C) any act of dishonesty,
misappropriation, embezzlement, intentional fraud or similar conduct involving
the Company or any of its affiliates; 

(D) the conviction or the
plea of nolo contendere or the equivalent in respect of a felony involving moral
turpitude; 

(E) any intentional damage of
a material nature to any property of the Company or any of its affiliates;
or 

(F) the repeated
non-prescription use of any controlled substance or the repeated use of alcohol
or any other non-controlled substance that, in the reasonable determination of
the Company renders Executive unfit to serve in his capacity as an employee of
the Company or its affiliates. 

(iii) Change in Control means the
first to occur of the following: 

(A) any sale or transfer or
other conveyance, whether direct or indirect, of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, on a consolidated basis, in one transaction or a series
of related transactions, unless, immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power normally entitled to vote in
the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of the
transferee is beneficially owned by persons who, immediately prior to the
transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total voting power normally entitled
to vote in the election of directors of the Company; 

(B) any Person or Group is or
becomes the "beneficial owner," directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the
total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock of the
Company then outstanding normally entitled to vote in elections of
directors; 

5 

(C) during any period of 12
consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such 12-month period
constituted the Company s Board of Directors (together with any new directors
whose election by such Board or whose nomination for election by the
shareholders of the Company was approved by a vote of a majority of the
directors then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of
such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Company s Board
of Directors then in office; or 

(D) a reorganization, merger
or consolidation of the Company the consummation of which results in the
outstanding securities of any class of the Company s capital stock being
exchanged for or converted into cash, property and/or a different kind of
securities, unless, immediately after giving effect to such transaction, at
least 85 of the total voting power normally entitled to vote in the election of
directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of the entity surviving or
resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation is beneficially
owned by persons who, immediately prior to the transaction, beneficially owned
100 of the total voting power normally entitled to vote in the election of
directors of the Company. 

(iv) Earned Benefits means any
(A) bonus that is payable to Executive pursuant to the terms of the 2008
Incentive Compensation Plan that has not been paid prior to the Termination
Date, (B) vacation time that has accrued prior to 2009 and has not been
used or paid as of the Termination Date, (C) other entitlements to cash
payments that have accrued and not been paid as of the Termination Date, and (D)
deferred compensation earned by Executive prior to
termination. Notwithstanding other provisions of this Agreement
regarding the timing of payment of Earned Benefits, (x) the 2008 Incentive
Compensation Plan bonus will not be paid until the completion of the Company s
audited consolidated financial statements for 2008, and (y) deferred
compensation will be paid as provided in the Company s deferred compensation
plan. 

(v) LTIP Payment means the
amount, if any, that would have been payable to Executive under the cash award
component of the 2008-2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan if he had remained employed
by the Company through December 31, 2010 multiplied by a fraction
(x) the numerator of which is the number of days starting January 1,
2008 through the Termination Date and (y) the denominator of which is the
number of days in the 2008-2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The LTIP
Payment will be payable upon the completion of the Company s audited
consolidated financial statements for 2010. 

(vi) Person and Group have the meanings
used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, whether or not such sections apply to the transaction in
question. 

6. Proprietary
Information Obligations . Prior to and/or
while employed by the Company, Executive has had and/or will have access to and
has become and/or will become acquainted with the confidential and proprietary
information of the Business (as defined in Section 8) and the Company and
its affiliates, including but not limited to confidential and 

6 

proprietary
information or plans regarding customer relationships; personnel; sales,
marketing, and financial operations and methods; trade secrets; formulas;
devices; secret inventions; processes and other compilations of information,
records, and specifications (collectively "Proprietary
Information"). Executive shall not disclose any of the Proprietary
Information directly or indirectly, or use it in any way, either while employed
by the Company, or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of
his employment hereunder or as authorized in writing by the
Company. All files, records, documents, computer-recorded
information, drawings, specifications, equipment and similar items relating to
the Business or the Company or its affiliates, whether prepared by Executive or
otherwise coming into his possession prior to or while employed by the Company,
shall remain the exclusive property of the Company or such affiliate and shall
not be removed from the premises of the Company or its affiliate under any
circumstances whatsoever without the prior written consent of the Company,
except when (and only for the period) necessary to carry out Executive's duties
hereunder, and if removed shall be immediately returned upon any termination of
his employment and no copies thereof shall be kept by Executive. 

7. Noninterference . While employed by
the Company and for a period of 36 months thereafter, Executive shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Company, interfere with the Company or
any of its affiliates by directly or indirectly soliciting, attempting to
solicit, inducing, or otherwise causing or assisting any person who is then
employed by the Company or any of its affiliates to terminate such employment in
order to become an employee, consultant or independent contractor to or for any
employer other than the Company or such affiliate. 

8. Noncompetition . Executive agrees
that while employed by the Company and during the 24 months after the
Termination Date, he will not, without the prior consent of the Company,
directly or indirectly, have an interest in, be employed by, be connected with,
or have an interest in (as an employee (whether full-time, part-time or
temporary), consultant, officer, director, partner, stockholder, joint venturer,
promoter or lender), any person or entity owning, managing, controlling,
operating or otherwise participating or assisting in any business that is either
(i) similar to the Business (or any portion thereof) and would benefit from
the disclosure of the Company s trade secrets or (ii) in competition with
the Business (or any portion thereof) in any of the 50 states in the United
States of America; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent
Executive from being a stockholder of less than 1 of the issued and outstanding
securities of any class of a corporation listed on a national securities
exchange or designated as national market system securities on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a business
will be deemed to be in competition with the Business at a given point in time
if any of the customers of such business were customers of the Business at any
time during the 18 months preceding the time in question. As
used herein, Business means any and all of the businesses in which the Company
is engaged as of the Termination Date. 

9. Remedies . Executive
acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any the
provisions of Sections 6, 7 or 8 will result in the Business and the
Company and its affiliates suffering irreparable harm that cannot be calculated
or fully or adequately compensated by recovery of damages
alone. Accordingly, Executive agrees that the Company shall be
entitled to interim, interlocutory and permanent injunctive relief, specific
performance and other equitable remedies, in addition to any other relief to
which the Company may become entitled should there be such a breach or
threatened breach. 

7 

10. Excise
Tax Gross-Up Payment . If Executive s
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause after a Change in Control
and Executive becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by Internal Revenue Code Code Section 4999 (the Parachute Excise Tax with respect to any amounts
paid or payable to Executive under this Agreement, then the Company and
Executive agree that: 

(a) If the
aggregate of all parachute payments (as such term is used under Code Section
280G) exceeds 300 of the base amount (as such term is used under Code Section
280G), then the Company shall pay to Executive a tax gross-up payment so that
after payment by or on behalf of Executive of all federal, state and local
excise, income, employment, Medicare and any other taxes (including any related
penalties and interest) resulting from the payment of the parachute payments and
the tax gross-up payments to Executive by the Company, Executive retains on an
after-tax basis an amount equal to the amount that Executive would have retained
if Executive had not been subject to the Parachute Excise Tax; provided,
however, that the Company s maximum tax gross-up payment under this
Section 10 shall not exceed 5,000,000. 

(b) The
computation of the excess parachute payment in accordance with Code Section 280G
shall be done by a nationally recognized and reputable independent accounting or
valuation firm selected and paid for by the Company. 

(c) Executive
shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service
that, if successful, would require the payment by the Company of any tax
gross-up payments. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after Executive is informed in
writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim
and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which Executive gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter
period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim
is due). If the Company notifies Executive in writing prior to the
expiration of such period that it desires to contest such claim, Executive
shall: 

(i) give
the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to such
claim, 

(ii) take
such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall
reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without limitation,
accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an attorney
reasonably selected by the Company, 

(iii) cooperate
with the Company in good faith in order effectively to contest such claim,
and 

(iv) permit
the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such
claim; 

provided,
however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses
(including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such
contest and shall indemnify and hold Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis,
for any excise tax or income tax (including interest and penalties with respect
thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and payment of costs and
expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this
Section 10, the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection

8 

with such
contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forego any and all administrative
appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing authority in
respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct Executive to
pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or contest the claim in any permissible
manner, and Executive agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before
any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or
more appellate courts, as the Company shall determine; provided, however, that
if the Company directs Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the
Company shall advance the amount of such payment to Executive, on an
interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, from any excise tax or income tax (including interest or
penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with
respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance; and further provided
that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes
for the taxable year of Executive with respect to which such contested amount is
claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested
amount. Furthermore, the Company s control of the contest shall be
limited to issues with respect to which a gross-up payment would be payable
hereunder and Executive shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may
be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing
authority. 

(d) If,
after the receipt by Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to
this Section 10, Executive becomes entitled to receive any refund with respect
to such claim, Executive shall (subject to the Company s complying with the
requirements of this Section 10) promptly pay to the Company the amount of such
refund (together with any interest paid or credited thereon after taxes
applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by Executive of an amount
advanced by the Company pursuant to this Section 10, a determination is made
that Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such claim
and the Company does not notify Executive in writing of its intent to contest
such denial of refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after such
determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and shall not be required to
be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset, to the extent thereof,
the amount of gross-up payment required to be paid. 

11. Code
Section 409A . Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary: 

(a) If
payment or provision of any amount or other benefit that is deferred
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code at the time otherwise
specified in this Agreement or elsewhere would subject such amount or benefit to
additional tax pursuant to Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code, and if payment or
provision thereof at a later date would avoid any such additional tax, then the
payment or provision thereof shall be postponed to the earliest date on which
such amount or benefit can be paid or provided without incurring any such
additional tax. In the event this Section 11 requires a deferral of
any payment, such payment shall be accumulated and paid in a single lump sum on
such earliest date without interest. 

9 

(b) If
any payment or benefit permitted or required under this Agreement, or otherwise,
is reasonably determined by either party to be subject for any reason to a
material risk of additional tax pursuant to Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code,
including when final regulations are issued thereunder, then the parties shall
negotiate in good faith on appropriate provisions to avoid such risk without
materially changing the economic value of this Agreement to either
party. 

12. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Notices . Any
notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon
the earlier of (i) personal delivery (including personal delivery by
telecopy, if a copy is sent by mail or overnight delivery), (ii) the
business day following being sent through an overnight delivery service, or
(iii) the third business day after mailing by first class mail to the
recipient at the address indicated below: 

To the
Company: 

ATC
Technology Corporation 

 1400 Opus
Place, Suite 600 

 Downers
Grove, IL 60515 

 Attention: 
General Counsel 

 Facsimile: 
(630) 663-8221 

To
Executive: 

Donald T.
Johnson Jr. 

 3643
White Eagle Drive 

 Naperville,
IL 60564 

With a
copy to 

Jeffrey
B. Rock 

 Hasselberg,
Rock, Bell Kuppler LLP 

 4600
Brandywine Drive, Suite 200 

 Peoria,
IL 61614-5591 

 Facsimile: 
(309) 688-9430 

or to
such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient
party will have specified by prior written notice to the sending
party. 

(b) Severability . The
provisions of this Agreement are severable and, if any court of competent
jurisdiction determines that any provision contained in this Agreement shall,
for any reason, be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that
such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision would be valid, legal and
enforceable to the maximum extent possible. 

(c) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the full and complete
understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written
understandings and agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof,
including, without limitation, that certain Amended and
Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 8, 2008
between Executive and ATC, which shall be of no further force and effect as of
the date of this Agreement. 

10 

(d) Counterparts . This
Agreement may be executed on separate counterparts, any one of which need not
contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will
constitute one and the same agreement. 

(e) Successors and
Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their respective
successors and assigns, except that Executive may not delegate any of his duties
hereunder and he may not assign any of his rights hereunder without the prior
written consent of the Company. 

(f) Attorney's
Fees . If any legal proceeding is necessary to enforce or
interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach
therefore, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney's fees,
as well as costs and disbursements, in addition to any other relief to which he
or it may be entitled. 

(g) Amendments; No
Waivers . Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or
waived if such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by all parties hereto, and in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective. No waiver by a party of
any breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
subsequent breach or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior
or subsequent breach. No failure or delay by a party in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
law. 

(h) Governing Law and
Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws (without reference to choice or
conflict of laws) of the State of Illinois. The parties to this
Agreement hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Illinois for any matter or
controversy concerning either the existence or enforcement of this Agreement and
hereby waive any contention that Illinois is an improper or inconvenient
forum. 

(i) Construction . The
captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be
ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. Neither party
hereto, nor its respective counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this
Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance
with their fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party
hereto. 

[signature
page follows] 

11 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated Agreement
effective as of the date first above written. 

/s/
 Donald T. Johnson, Jr. 

Donald
 T. Johnson
Jr. 

ATC
 TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

By:

/s/ Joseph
 Salamunovich 

Joseph
 Salamunovich 

Vice
 President 

12 

GENERAL
RELEASE 

THIS
GENERAL RELEASE is entered into by the undersigned Employee as of the date
appearing next to Employee s signature hereto. 

WHEREAS,
Employee s employment with ATC Technology Corporation and/or one of its
subsidiaries (ATC and its subsidiaries being referred to collectively as the
 Company is being terminated and the Company will provide Employee with
certain benefits upon the termination of employment provided that, among other
things, Employee executes and delivers this General Release; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, Employee agrees as follows: 

1. General
Release . Employee
hereby 

(a) releases
and discharges the Company and its officers, directors, employees, benefit plan
administrators and trustees, and agents (collectively, the Released Parties from any and all claims, liabilities, demands and causes of action, whether
known or unknown, fixed or contingent, that Employee may have or claim to have
against any of the Released Parties relating to, or arising out of, Employee s
employment with the Company or the termination thereof, and 

(b) covenants
not to initiate or participate in (except pursuant to a lawful subpoena) any
lawsuit or other legal proceeding asserting any such claims, liabilities,
demands or causes of action. 

This
General Release shall be broadly construed to include, but not be limited to,
all claims under any federal, state, or local laws, statutes, regulations, or
ordinances (including those prohibiting employment discrimination, such as the
federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act), and all claims in contract or
tort including, but not limited to, claims for breach of contract, negligence,
defamation, and wrongful or retaliatory discharge. This General
Release does not include any claim Employee may have (i) based upon facts
occurring after the date that Employee executes this General Release or (ii)
relating to benefits or payments to which Employee is entitled after the
Termination Date (as defined in that certain Executive Employment Agreement
dated as of January 1, 2009 between Employee and the Company) pursuant to
the Executive Employment Agreement. 

2. Knowing
and Voluntary . Employee
acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Employee has read and understands this
General Release in its entirety; (b) Employee has been advised in writing
to consult with an attorney concerning this General Release before signing it;
(c) Employee has 21 calendar days after receipt of this General
Release to consider its terms before signing it; (d) Employee has the right
to revoke this General Release in full within seven calendar days of signing it
and that none of the terms and provisions of this General Release shall become
effective or be enforceable until such revocation period has expired;
(e) nothing contained in this General Release waives any claim that may
arise after the date of its execution; and (f) Employee is executing this
General Release knowingly and voluntarily, without duress or reservation of any
kind, and after giving the matter full and careful consideration. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this General Release as of the
date set forth below. 

Executed: 
 __________________, 20___ 

EMPLOYEE: 

[NAME] 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 exhibit10_20.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20 EXEC. EMPLOYMENT AGT.-T. PETERS

exhibit10_20.htm 

EXHIBIT
10.20 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement Agreement is entered into as of January 1, 2009 by and
between Todd R. Peters, a natural person Executive ), and ATC Technology
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ATC ). As used herein, the
 Company refers to ATC and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of
ATC. The parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment and
Term . 

(a) Full Time and Best
Efforts . Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company
agrees to employ Executive in a management capacity and Executive hereby accepts
such employment. During the term of employment, Executive will devote
Executive s full time, best efforts and attention to the performance of
Executive s duties hereunder and to the business and affairs of the
Company. 

(b) Duties . Executive
shall perform such duties for the Company as are customarily associated with a
management position, consistent with the Bylaws of the Company and as required
by the officer or officers to whom Executive reports. 

(c) Company
Policies . The employment relationship between the parties
shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the
Company, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in
conflict with such employment policies and practices, this Agreement shall
control. 

(d) Term . The
initial term of employment of Executive under this Agreement shall begin as of
the date hereof and end on the third anniversary the date hereof, subject to the
provisions for termination contained in Section 5 and renewal contained in
Section 1(e). 

(e) Renewal . Unless
the Company shall have given Executive notice that this Agreement shall not be
renewed at least 30 days prior to the end of the initial term referred to in
Section 1(d), the term of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for a
period of one year, such procedure to be followed in each such successive
period. 

2. Compensation and
Benefits . 

(a) Salary . Executive
shall receive for services to be rendered hereunder an annual base salary of
 450,000, payable on the Company s regular payroll dates, subject to increase at
the discretion of the Company, and subject to standard withholdings for taxes
and social security and the like. The Company shall review
Executive s salary on a periodic basis and may, in its sole discretion, increase
Executive s salary. 

(b) Incentive
Plans . During the term hereof, Executive shall be eligible to
participate in any annual incentive bonus plan and long-term incentive plan
(including, without limitation, any stock incentive plan) of the Company
generally available to Company employees of a level comparable to
Executive. Such participation shall be subject to and on a basis
consistent with the terms, conditions and administration of any such
plan. Executive understands that (i) the Company shall have
discretion to determine Executive s level of participation in any such plan,
 and
(ii) any such plan may be modified or eliminated in the Company s sole
discretion in accordance with applicable law and the terms of such
plan. 

1 

(c) Participation in Benefit
Plans . During the term hereof, Executive shall be entitled to
participate in any group insurance, hospitalization, medical, dental, health and
accident, disability, retirement income or similar plan or program of the
Company to the extent that Executive is eligible under the general provisions
thereof. The Company may, in its discretion and from time to time,
establish additional management benefit programs as it deems
appropriate. Executive understands that any such plans may be
modified or eliminated in the Company s discretion in accordance with applicable
law. 

(d) Vacation . Executive
shall be entitled to an initial period of annual paid vacation time of five
weeks and hereafter the annual period will be adjusted based on the Company s
policies and procedures. The days selected for Executive s vacation
must be mutually agreeable to the Company and Executive. 

3. Perquisites . 

(a) Financial Planning/Club Dues
Allowance . During each calendar year during the term hereof,
Executive will receive an annual financial planning/club dues allowance equal to
3 of Executive s base salary paid during such year, subject to applicable
withholding. 

(b) Automobile . Executive
shall be entitled to an annual automobile allowance of 18,000, subject to
applicable withholding. 

4. Business
Expenses . Executive shall
be reimbursed for documented and reasonable business expenses in connection with
the performance of duties hereunder. 

5. Termination
of Employment . The date on which
Executive s employment by the Company ceases, under any of the following
circumstances, shall be defined herein as the Termination Date. All
capitalized terms used in this Section 5 without definition will have the
meanings set forth in Section 5(j). 

(a) Termination for
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any
time for Cause immediately upon written notice to Executive of the circumstances
leading to such termination for Cause. If Executive s employment is
terminated for Cause, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date (which in this event shall be the date upon which
notice of termination is given) and the Earned Benefits. The Company
shall have no obligation to pay severance of any kind nor to make any payment in
lieu of notice if Executive is terminated for Cause. 

(b) Voluntary
Termination . Executive may voluntarily terminate employment
with the Company at any time upon 30 days prior written
notice. Within ten days after the Termination Date, Executive shall
receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the
Earned Benefits, after which no further compensation of any kind or severance
payment will be payable under this Agreement. 

2 

(c) Termination Upon
Disability . The Company may terminate Executive s employment
in the event Executive suffers a disability that renders Executive unable to
perform the essential functions of Executive s position, even with reasonable
accommodation in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, for three
consecutive months within any six-month period. Within ten days after
the Termination Date, which in this event shall be the date upon which notice of
termination is given, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date and the Earned Benefits, after which no further
compensation will be payable under this Agreement. The foregoing
shall not affect any rights that Executive may have under applicable workers 
compensation laws or any disability plan of the Company. 

(d) Termination Without
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment
without Cause at any time upon 30 days prior written
notice. Executive will be deemed to have been terminated without
Cause if the Company elects not to renew this Agreement pursuant to Section
1(e). Within ten days after the Termination Date, Executive shall
receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the
Earned Benefits. In addition 

(i) Through
the second anniversary of the Termination Date the Company will offer continued
medical-related insurance coverage (including, as applicable, health, dental,
vision and/or cancer) to Executive at the levels and at the rates applicable
from time to time to comparable active employees of the
Company. COBRA continuation coverage eligibility shall commence as of
the day following the second anniversary of the Termination
Date. Notwithstanding the above, coverage under the Company s group
medical plan shall cease on the date (A) Executive fails to pay the required
premium on time, (B) Executive becomes eligible for coverage under Medicare or
the group health plan of any other employer, or (C) the Company terminates its
group medical plan as to all its employees. 

(ii) The
Company shall pay Executive as severance the following: 

(A) If the Termination Date
occurs other than within 18 months after a Change in Control, an amount equal to
200 of the sum of (x) Executive s annual base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the Termination Date plus (y) Executive s target bonus
under the IC Plan for the Termination Year. The severance shall be
paid in equal installments on each of the Company s regular payroll dates during
the 24-month period commencing on the first such payroll date following the
Termination Date (subject to Section 5(h)). 

(B) If
the Termination Date occurs within 18 months after a Change in Control, an
amount equal to (x) 200 of the sum of (1) Executive s annual base salary
as in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date plus (2) Executive s
target bonus under the IC Plan for the Termination Year, plus (y) the Pro Forma
Bonus. The severance shall be paid in a single lump sum within ten
days after the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Change in
Control is not also a change in control event (as defined in Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) with respect to ATC, the Company will pay the
severance described in this Section 5(d)(ii)(B) in substantially equal
installments during the 24-month period immediately following the Termination
Date in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. 

3 

(iii) The Company will pay up
to 25,000 of the cost of an executive level individualized career transition
program through a professional outplacement firm selected by the Company if such
program is initiated within 30 days after the Termination Date. 

If
Executive dies after the Termination Date, the payment or payments due
thereafter under Section 5(d)(ii)(A) or (B) shall be made to Executive s estate
but the benefits provided in Sections 5(d)(i) and (iii) shall terminate as of
the date of death. As a condition to receiving the payments and
benefits provided by this Section 5(d) (other than payment for all accrued
salary through the Termination Date and the Earned Benefits, which shall be
payable in any case), Executive shall execute and deliver to the Company on the
Termination Date a general release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A. 

(e) Good
Reason . If the Company (i) materially diminishes Executive s
duties, authority, responsibility or base salary without performance
justification, or (ii) materially breaches this Agreement (any such event being
a Good Reason Event ), Executive may terminate employment if (A) Executive has
given written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good Reason Event no
later than 90 days after its initial existence, (B) the Company has not remedied
such Good Reason Event in all material respects within 30 days after its receipt
of such written notice, and (C) Executive terminated employment within one year
following the initial existence of such Good Reason Event. A
termination in such circumstances shall be treated as a Company termination
without Cause and Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits
provided in Section 5(d). 

(f) No Other Payments or
Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, (i) after the Termination Date Executive will not be entitled to any
payments from the Company and (ii) on the Termination Date Executive s
participation in and coverage under the Company s benefit programs (including
the ATC Retirement Savings Plan (i.e., the 401(k) plan) and the Company s group
life and disability insurance plans) shall cease; provided that Executive shall
retain any right to convert to individual coverage as permitted under these
insurance plans and to any vested benefits under the 401(k) plan and the
Company s stock incentive plans. 

(g) Withholding . Any
amounts payable under this Section 5 shall be subject to standard withholdings
for taxes and social security and the like. 

(h) Payments to a Specified
 Employee . If
Executive is a specified employee of the Company (as defined in Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)) and 

(i) if
amounts payable under this Section 5 are on account of an involuntary
separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(m))
and if all amounts payable under this Section 5 will not be paid on or before
March 15th of the year immediately following the Termination Date, then the
amounts payable during the six-month period immediately following the
Termination Date shall equal the lesser of (A) the amount otherwise payable
under this Section 5 for such six-month period or (B) two 

4 

times the
compensation limit in effect under IRC Section 401(a)(17) for the calendar year
in which the Termination Date occurs, and any amounts that otherwise would have
been payable under this Section 5 during such six-month period shall be paid on
the first regular payroll date following the end of such six-month period;
or 

(ii) if
the Company reasonably determines that such termination is not an involuntary
separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-1(m)), amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month
period immediately following the Termination Date (including any lump sum
payments) shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following
the end of such six-month period. 

(i) IRC Section
409A . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, in the event that any amounts payable (or benefits provided) under
this Agreement are subject to the provisions of IRC Section 409A, to the extent
determined necessary, the parties agree to amend this Agreement in the least
restrictive manner necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition on Executive under IRC Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and
Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder. 

(j) Definitions . 

(i) Cause 
means the occurrence or existence of any of the following with respect to
Executive, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

(A) a material breach by
Executive of (x) Executive s duty not to engage in any transaction that
represents, directly or indirectly, self-dealing with the Company or any of its
affiliates that has not been approved by the Company, or (y) the terms of
Executive s employment, if in any such case such material breach remains uncured
after the lapse of 30 days following the date that the Company has given
Executive written notice thereof; 

(B) the material breach by
Executive of any duty referred to in clause (A) above as to which at least one
written notice has been given pursuant to clause (A); 

(C) any act of dishonesty,
misappropriation, embezzlement, intentional fraud or similar conduct involving
the Company or any of its affiliates; 

(D) the conviction or the
plea of nolo contendere or the equivalent in respect of a felony involving moral
turpitude; 

(E) any intentional damage of
a material nature to any property of the Company or any of its
affiliates; 

(F) the repeated
non-prescription use of any controlled substance or the repeated use of alcohol
or any other non-controlled substance that, in the reasonable determination of
the Company, renders Executive unfit to serve as an employee of the Company;
or 

(G) failure to perform
Executive s duties in a reasonably satisfactory manner where such failure has
continued for 30 days following written notice thereof; provided, however,
that this Section 5(j)(i)(G) shall cease to be of effect upon and after a Change
in Control. 

5 

(ii) Change
in Control means the first to occur of the following: 

(A) any
sale or transfer or other conveyance, whether direct or indirect, of all or
substantially all of the assets of ATC, on a consolidated basis, in one
transaction or a series of related transactions, unless, immediately after
giving effect to such transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as
applicable, of the transferee is beneficially owned by persons who,
immediately prior to the transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total
voting power normally entitled to vote in the election of directors of
ATC; 

(B) any Person or Group is or
becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the
total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock of ATC then
outstanding normally entitled to vote in elections of directors; 

(C) during any period of 12
consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such 12-month period
constituted ATC s Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose
election by such Board or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of
ATC was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office
who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to
constitute a majority of ATC s Board of Directors then in office;
or 

(D) a reorganization, merger
or consolidation of ATC the consummation of which results in the outstanding
securities of any class of ATC s capital stock being exchanged for or converted
into cash, property and/or a different kind of securities, unless, immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as
applicable, of the entity surviving or resulting from such reorganization,
merger or consolidation is beneficially owned by persons who, immediately
prior to the transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors of ATC. 

(iii) Earned Benefits 
means any (A) bonus that is payable to Executive under the IC Plan with respect
to the calendar year preceding the Termination Year but that has not been paid
prior to the Termination Date, (B) vacation time that has accrued as of the
Termination Date, and (C) other entitlements to cash payments that have accrued
as of the Termination Date. 

(iv) IC Plan means the
Company s annual incentive compensation plan or similar plan instituted in place
of the incentive compensation plan. 

(v) IRC 
means the Internal Revenue Code. 

6 

(vi) Person and Group have
the meanings used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, whether or not such sections apply to the transaction in
question. 

(vii) Pro
Forma Bonus means (A) the greater of (x) Executive s bonus under the IC Plan
for the Termination Year based on the Company s projected performance for the
Termination Year, such projection to be determined by annualizing the
performance for those months of the Termination Year that are completed prior to
the Termination Date, or (y) Executive s target bonus under the IC Plan for the
Termination Year, multiplied by (B) a fraction (x) the numerator of which
is the number of days that have elapsed in the Termination Year through the
Termination Date and (y) the denominator of which is 365. 

(viii) Termination
Year means the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 

6. Excise
Tax Gross-Up Payment . If Executive s
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause within 18 months after a
Change in Control and Executive becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by IRC
Section 4999 (the Parachute Excise Tax with respect to any amounts paid or
payable to Executive under this Agreement, then the Company and Executive agree
that: 

(a) If
the aggregate of all parachute payments (as such term is used under IRC
Section 280G) does not exceed 320 of the base amount (as such term is used
under IRC Section 280G), then the parachute payment shall be reduced to 299.99 
of such base amount; 

(b) If
the aggregate of all parachute payments exceeds 320 of the base amount, then
the Company shall pay to Executive a tax gross-up payment so that after payment
by or on behalf of Executive of all federal, state and local excise, income,
employment, Medicare and any other taxes (including any related penalties and
interest) resulting from the payment of the parachute payments and the tax
gross-up payments to Executive by the Company, Executive retains on an after-tax
basis an amount equal to the amount that Executive would have retained if
Executive had not been subject to the Parachute Excise Tax; 

(c) The
computation of the excess parachute payment in accordance with IRC Section 280G
shall be done by a nationally recognized and reputable independent accounting or
valuation firm selected and paid for by the Company. 

(d) Executive
shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service
that, if successful, would require the payment by the Company of any tax
gross-up payments. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after Executive is informed in
writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim
and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which Executive gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter
period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim
is due). If the Company notifies Executive in writing prior to the
expiration of such period that it desires to contest such claim, Executive
shall: 

7 

(i) give
the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to such
claim, 

(ii) take
such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall
reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without limitation,
accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an attorney
reasonably selected by the Company, 

(iii) 
cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively to contest such
claim, and 

(iv) permit
the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such
claim; 

provided,
however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses
(including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such
contest and shall indemnify and hold Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis,
for any excise tax or income tax (including interest and penalties with respect
thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and payment of costs and
expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this
Section 6, the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection with
such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forego any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or contest the claim in
any permissible manner, and Executive agrees to prosecute such contest to a
determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial
jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs Executive to pay such
claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such payment
to Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold Executive
harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any excise tax or income tax (including
interest or penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance
or with respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance; and further
provided that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of
taxes for the taxable year of Executive with respect to which such contested
amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested
amount. Furthermore, the Company s control of the contest shall be
limited to issues with respect to which a gross-up payment would be payable
hereunder and Executive shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may
be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing
authority. 

(e) If,
after the receipt by Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to
this Section 6, Executive becomes entitled to receive any refund with respect to
such claim, Executive shall (subject to the Company s complying with the
requirements of this Section 6) promptly pay to the Company the amount of such
refund (together with any interest paid or credited thereon after taxes
applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by Executive of an amount
advanced by the Company pursuant to this Section 6, a determination is made that
Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such claim and the
Company does not notify Executive in writing of its intent to contest such
denial of refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after such determination,
then such advance shall be forgiven and shall not be required to be repaid and
the amount of such advance shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of
gross-up payment required to be paid. 

8 

7. Proprietary
Information Obligations . Prior to and/or
during the term of employment under this Agreement, Executive has had and/or
will have access to and has become and/or will become acquainted with the
confidential and proprietary information of the Business (as defined in Section
9) and the Company and its affiliates and customers, including but not limited
to confidential and proprietary information or plans regarding customer
relationships; personnel; sales, marketing, and financial operations and
methods; trade secrets; formulas; devices; secret inventions; processes and
other compilations of information, records, and specifications (collectively
 Proprietary Information ). Executive shall not disclose any of the
Proprietary Information directly or indirectly, or use it in any way, either
during the term of this Agreement, or at any time thereafter, except as required
in the course of employment hereunder or as authorized in writing by the
Company. All files, records, documents, computer-recorded
information, drawings, specifications, equipment and similar items relating to
the Business or the Company or its affiliates, whether prepared by Executive or
otherwise coming into Executive s possession prior to or during the term of this
Agreement, shall remain the exclusive property of the Company or such affiliate
or customer and shall not be removed from the premises of the Company or its
affiliate under any circumstances whatsoever without the prior written consent
of the Company, except when (and only for the period) necessary to carry out
Executive s duties hereunder, and if removed shall be immediately returned upon
any termination of Executive s employment and no copies thereof shall be kept by
Executive. 

8. Noninterference . While employed by
the Company and for a period of 36 months thereafter, Executive shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Company, interfere with the Company by
directly or indirectly soliciting, attempting to solicit, inducing, or otherwise
causing or assisting any person who is then employed by the Company to terminate
such employment in order to become an employee, consultant or independent
contractor to or for any employer other than the Company. 

9. Noncompetition . Executive agrees
that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of 24 months after the
termination hereof, Executive will not, without the prior consent of the
Company, directly or indirectly, have an interest in, be employed by, be
connected with, or have an interest in (as an employee (whether full-time,
part-time or temporary), consultant, officer, director, partner, stockholder,
joint venturer, promoter or lender), any person or entity owning, managing,
controlling, operating or otherwise participating or assisting in any business
that is either (a) similar to the Business (or any portion thereof) and would
benefit from the disclosure of the Company s trade secrets or (b) in competition
with the Business (or any portion thereof) in any of the 50 states in the United
States of America; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent
Executive from being a stockholder of less than 1 of the issued and outstanding
securities of any class of a corporation listed on a national securities
exchange or designated as national market system securities on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a business
will be deemed to be in competition with the Business at a given point in time
if any of the customers of such business were customers of the Business at any
time during the 18 months preceding the time in question. As used
herein, Business means the Company s businesses of remanufacturing and
distributing drive train and electronic products used in the repair of vehicles,
and 

9 

providing
value-added warehouse, distribution and order fulfillment services, return
material reclamation and disposition services, and electronic equipment testing
and refurbishment and repair services. 

10. Remedies . Executive
acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any the
provisions of Sections 7, 8 or 9 will result in the Business and the Company and
its affiliates suffering irreparable harm that cannot be calculated or fully or
adequately compensated by recovery of damages alone. Accordingly,
Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled to interim, interlocutory
and permanent injunctive relief, specific performance and other equitable
remedies, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may become
entitled should there be such a breach or threatened breach. 

11. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Notices . Any
notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon
the earlier of (i) personal delivery (including personal delivery by telecopy,
if a copy is sent by mail or overnight delivery), (ii) the business day
following being sent through an overnight delivery service, or (iii) the third
business day after mailing by first class mail to the recipient at the address
indicated below: 

To
 the Company: 

ATC
 Technology Corporation 

1400
 Opus Place, Suite 600 

Downers
 Grove, IL 6015 

Attention: 
 General Counsel

Facsimile: 
 (630) 663-8221

To
 Executive: 

Todd
 R. Peters 

12570
 Buno Road 

Milford,
 Michigan 48380 

or to
such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient
party will have specified by prior written notice to the sending
party. 

(b) Severability . The
provisions of this Agreement are severable and, if any court of competent
jurisdiction determines that any provision contained in this Agreement shall,
for any reason, be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that
such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision would be valid, legal and
enforceable to the maximum extent possible. 

(c) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the full and complete
understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written and contemporaneous oral
understandings and agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof,
including, without limitation, that certain Executive Employment Agreement
dated as of March 9, 2004 between ATC and Executive, which shall be of no
further force and effect as of the date of this Agreement. 

10 

(d) Counterparts . This
Agreement may be executed on separate counterparts, any one of which need not
contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will
constitute one and the same agreement. 

(e) Successors and
Assigns . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their respective
successors and assigns, except that Executive may neither delegate any of
Executive s duties hereunder nor assign any of Executive s rights hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Company. 

(f) Attorney s
Fees . If any legal proceeding is necessary to enforce or
interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach
therefore, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney s fees,
as well as costs and disbursements, in addition to any other relief to which
such party may be entitled. 

(g) Amendments; No
Waivers . Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or
waived if such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by all parties hereto, and in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective. No waiver by a party of
any breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
subsequent breach or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior
or subsequent breach. No failure or delay by a party in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
law. 

(h) Governing Law and
Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws (without reference to choice or
conflict of laws) of the State of Illinois. The parties to this
Agreement hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Illinois for any matter or
controversy concerning either the existence or enforcement of this Agreement and
hereby waive any contention that Illinois is an improper or inconvenient
forum. 

(i) Construction . The
captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be
ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. Neither party
hereto, nor its respective counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this
Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance
with their fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party
hereto. 

[signature
page follows] 

11 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the
date first above written. 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Todd R.
 Peters 

Todd
 R. Peters 

ATC
 TECHNOLOGY COR PORATION 

By: 

/s/ Joseph Salamunovich 

Joseph
 Salamunovich 

 Vice
 President 

12 

EXHIBIT
A 

GENERAL
RELEASE 

THIS
GENERAL RELEASE is entered into by the undersigned Employee as of the date
appearing next to Employee s signature hereto. Employee agrees as
follows: 

1. Termination
of Employment . Employee s
employment with ATC Technology Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries (ATC
and its subsidiaries being referred to collectively as the Company is being
terminated and the Company will provide Employee with certain benefits upon the
termination of employment provided that, among other things, Employee executes
and delivers this General Release. 

2. General
Release . Employee
hereby 

(a) releases
and discharges the Company and its officers, directors, employees, benefit plan
administrators and trustees, and agents (collectively, the Released Parties from any and all claims, liabilities, demands and causes of action, whether
known or unknown, fixed or contingent, that Employee may have or claim to have
against any of the Released Parties relating to, or arising out of, Employee s
employment with the Company or the termination thereof, and 

(b) covenants
not to initiate or participate in (except pursuant to a lawful subpoena) any
lawsuit or other legal proceeding asserting any such claims, liabilities,
demands or causes of action. 

This
General Release shall be broadly construed to include, but not be limited to,
all claims under any federal, state, or local laws, statutes, regulations, or
ordinances (including those prohibiting employment discrimination, such as the
federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act), and all claims in contract or
tort including, but not limited to, claims for breach of contract, negligence,
defamation, and wrongful or retaliatory discharge. This General
Release does not include any claim Employee may have based upon facts occurring
after the date that Employee executes this General Release. 

3. Knowing and
Voluntary . Employee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Employee
has read and understands this General Release in its entirety; (b) Employee has
been advised in writing to consult with an attorney concerning this General
Release before signing it; (c) Employee has 21 calendar days after receipt of
this General Release to consider its terms before signing it; (d) Employee has
the right to revoke this General Release in full within seven calendar days of
signing it and that none of the terms and provisions of this General Release
shall become effective or be enforceable until such revocation period has
expired; (e) nothing contained in this General Release waives any claim that may
arise after the date of its execution; and (f) Employee is executing this
General Release knowingly and voluntarily, without duress or reservation of any
kind, and after giving the matter full and careful consideration. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this General Release as of the
date set forth below. 

Executed: ________________,
 20__ 

EMPLOYEE: 

[NAME] 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 5
 exhibit10_21.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.21 EXEC. EMPLOYMENT AGT.-OFFICER FORM

exhibit10_21.htm 

EXHIBIT
10.21 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement Agreement is entered into as of ______ by and between
_________, a natural person Executive ), and ATC Technology Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ATC ). As used herein, the Company refers to
ATC and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of ATC. The parties
hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment and
Term . 

(a) Full Time and Best
Efforts . Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company
agrees to employ Executive in a management capacity and Executive hereby accepts
such employment. During the term of employment, Executive will devote
Executive s full time, best efforts and attention to the performance of
Executive s duties hereunder and to the business and affairs of the
Company. 

(b) Duties . Executive
shall perform such duties for the Company as are customarily associated with a
management position, consistent with the Bylaws of the Company and as required
by the officer or officers to whom Executive reports. 

(c) Company
Policies . The employment relationship between the parties
shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the
Company, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in
conflict with such employment policies and practices, this Agreement shall
control. 

(d) Term . The
initial term of employment of Executive under this Agreement shall begin as of
the date hereof and end on the third anniversary the date hereof, subject to the
provisions for termination contained in Section 5 and renewal contained in
Section 1(e). 

(e) Renewal . Unless
the Company shall have given Executive notice that this Agreement shall not be
renewed at least 30 days prior to the end of the initial term referred to in
Section 1(d), the term of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for a
period of one year, such procedure to be followed in each such successive
period. 

2. Compensation and
Benefits . 

(a) Salary . Executive
shall receive for services to be rendered hereunder an annual base salary of
 ___,___, payable on the Company s regular payroll dates, subject to increase at
the discretion of the Company, and subject to standard withholdings for taxes
and social security and the like. The Company shall review
Executive s salary on a periodic basis and may, in its sole discretion, increase
Executive s salary. 

(b) Incentive
Plans . During the term hereof, Executive shall be eligible to
participate in any annual incentive bonus plan and long-term incentive plan
(including, without limitation, any stock incentive plan) of the Company
generally available to Company employees of a level comparable to
Executive. Such participation shall be subject to and on a basis
consistent with the terms, conditions and administration of any such
plan. Executive understands that (i) the Company shall have
discretion to determine Executive s level of participation in any such plan, and
(ii) any such plan may be modified or eliminated in the Company s sole
discretion in accordance with applicable law and the terms of such
plan. 

1 

(c) Participation in Benefit
Plans . During the term hereof, Executive shall be entitled to
participate in any group insurance, hospitalization, medical, dental, health and
accident, disability, retirement income or similar plan or program of the
Company to the extent that Executive is eligible under the general provisions
thereof. The Company may, in its discretion and from time to time,
establish additional management benefit programs as it deems
appropriate. Executive understands that any such plans may be
modified or eliminated in the Company s discretion in accordance with applicable
law. 

(d) Vacation . Executive
shall be entitled to a period of annual paid vacation time equal to the period
provided to employees of a comparable level by the Company s policies and
procedures. The days selected for Executive s vacation must be
mutually agreeable to the Company and Executive. 

3. Perquisites . 

(a) Financial Planning/Club Dues
Allowance . Executive will receive an annual financial
planning/club dues allowance equal to 2.0 of Executive s base salary paid
during such year, which may be increased based on the Company s policies and
procedures. Such allowance shall be paid in substantially equal
installments per the Company s regular payroll dates and shall be subject to
applicable withholding. 

(b) Automobile . Executive
shall be entitled to either (i) a monthly automobile allowance, subject to
applicable withholding, or (ii) the use of a Company automobile, as the Company
shall decide. 

4. Business
Expenses . Executive shall
be reimbursed for documented and reasonable business expenses in connection with
the performance of duties hereunder. 

5. Termination
of Employment . The date on which
Executive s employment by the Company ceases, under any of the following
circumstances, shall be defined herein as the Termination Date. All
capitalized terms used in this Section 5 without definition will have the
meanings set forth in Section 5(j). 

(a) Termination for
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any
time for Cause immediately upon written notice to Executive of the circumstances
leading to such termination for Cause. If Executive s employment is
terminated for Cause, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date (which in this event shall be the date upon which
notice of termination is given) and the Earned Benefits. The Company
shall have no obligation to pay severance of any kind nor to make any payment in
lieu of notice if Executive is terminated for Cause. 

(b) Voluntary
Termination . Executive may voluntarily terminate employment
with the Company at any time upon 30 days prior written
notice. Within ten days after the Termination Date, Executive shall
receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the
Earned Benefits, after which no further compensation of any kind or severance
payment will be payable under this Agreement. 

2 

(c) Termination Upon
Disability . The Company may terminate Executive s employment
in the event Executive suffers a disability that renders Executive unable to
perform the essential functions of Executive s position, even with reasonable
accommodation in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, for three
consecutive months within any six-month period. Within ten days after
the Termination Date, which in this event shall be the date upon which notice of
termination is given, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date and the Earned Benefits, after which no further
compensation will be payable under this Agreement. The foregoing
shall not affect any rights that Executive may have under applicable workers 
compensation laws or any disability plan of the Company. 

(d) Termination Without
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment
without Cause at any time upon 30 days prior written
notice. Executive will be deemed to have been terminated without
Cause if the Company elects not to renew this Agreement pursuant to Section
1(e). Within ten days after the Termination Date, Executive shall
receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the
Earned Benefits. In addition 

(i) During
the Termination Benefits Period, the Company will offer continued
medical-related insurance coverage (including, as applicable, health, dental,
vision and/or cancer) to Executive at the levels and at the rates applicable
from time to time to comparable active employees of the
Company. COBRA continuation coverage eligibility shall commence as of
the day following the Termination Benefits Period. Notwithstanding
the above, coverage under the Company s group medical plan shall cease on the
date (A) Executive fails to pay the required premium on time, (B) Executive
becomes eligible for coverage under Medicare or the group health plan of any
other employer, or (C) the Company terminates its group medical plan as to all
its employees. 

(ii) The
Company shall pay Executive as severance the following: 

(A) If the Termination Date
occurs other than within 18 months after a Change in Control, an amount equal to
100 of the sum of (x) Executive s annual base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the Termination Date plus (y) Executive s target bonus
under the IC Plan for the Termination Year. The severance shall be
paid in equal installments on each of the Company s regular payroll dates during
the 12-month period commencing on the first such payroll date following the
Termination Date (subject to Section 5(h)). 

(B) If the Termination Date
occurs within 18 months after a Change in Control, an amount equal to the sum of
(x) 150 of the sum of (1) Executive s annual base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the Termination Date plus (2) Executive s target bonus
under the IC Plan for the Termination Year, plus (y) the Pro Forma
Bonus. The severance shall be paid in a single lump sum within ten
days after the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Change in
Control is not also a change in control event (as defined in Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) with respect to ATC, the Company will pay the
severance described in this Section 5(d)(ii)(B) in substantially equal
installments during the 18-month period immediately following the Termination
Date in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. 

3 

(iii) The
Company will pay up to 25,000 of the cost of an executive level individualized
career transition program through a professional outplacement firm selected by
the Company if such program is initiated within 30 days after the Termination
Date. 

If
Executive dies after the Termination Date, the payment or payments due
thereafter under Section 5(d)(ii)(A) or (B) shall be made to
Executive s Beneficiary but the benefits provided in Sections 5(d)(i) and
(iii) shall terminate as of the date of death. As a condition to
receiving the payments and benefits provided by this Section 5(d) (other than
payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the Earned
Benefits, which shall be payable in any case), Executive shall execute and
deliver to the Company, within 21 days after the Termination Date, a general
release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

(e) Good
Reason . If the Company (i) materially diminishes Executive s
duties, authority, responsibility or base salary without performance
justification, or (ii) materially breaches this Agreement (any such event being
a Good Reason Event ), Executive may terminate employment if (A) Executive has
given written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good Reason Event no
later than 90 days after its initial existence, (B) the Company has not remedied
such Good Reason Event in all material respects within 30 days after its receipt
of such written notice, and (C) Executive terminated employment within one year
following the initial existence of such Good Reason Event. A
termination in such circumstances shall be treated as a Company termination
without Cause and Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits
provided in Section 5(d). 

(f) No Other Payments or
Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, (i) after the Termination Date Executive will not be entitled to any
payments from the Company and (ii) on the Termination Date Executive s
participation in and coverage under the Company s benefit programs (including
the ATC Retirement Savings Plan (i.e., the 401(k) plan) and the Company s group
life and disability insurance plans) shall cease; provided that Executive shall
retain any right to convert to individual coverage as permitted under these
insurance plans and to any vested benefits under the 401(k) plan and the
Company s stock incentive plans. 

(g) Withholding . Any
amounts payable under this Section 5 shall be subject to standard withholdings
for taxes and social security and the like. 

(h) Payments
to a Specified Employee . If Executive is a specified
employee of the Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i))
and 

(i) if
amounts payable under this Section 5 are on account of an involuntary
separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(m))
and if all amounts payable under this Section 5 will not be paid on or before
March 15th of the year immediately following the Termination Date, then the
amounts payable during the six-month period immediately following the
Termination Date shall equal the lesser of (A) the amount otherwise payable
under this Section 5 for such six-month period or (B) two 

4 

times the
compensation limit in effect under IRC Section 401(a)(17) for the calendar year
in which the Termination Date occurs, and any amounts that otherwise would have
been payable under this Section 5 during such six-month period shall be paid on
the first regular payroll date following the end of such six-month period;
or 

(ii) 
if the Company reasonably determines that such termination is not an
 involuntary separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-1(m)), amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month
period immediately following the Termination Date (including any lump sum
payments) shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following
the end of such six-month period. 

(i) IRC Section
409A . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, in the event that any amounts payable (or benefits provided) under
this Agreement are subject to the provisions of IRC Section 409A, to the extent
determined necessary, the parties agree to amend this Agreement in the least
restrictive manner necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition on Executive under IRC Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and
Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder. 

(j) Definitions . 

(i) Beneficiary means a person,
trust or other entity (or any combination thereof) designated from time to time
by Executive in writing to receive compensation payable hereunder following
Executive s death. In the event Executive does not designate a
Beneficiary or there is no surviving Beneficiary, then Executive s estate will
be the Beneficiary. 

(ii) Cause 
means the occurrence or existence of any of the following with respect to
Executive, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

(A) a material breach by
Executive of (x) Executive s duty not to engage in any transaction that
represents, directly or indirectly, self-dealing with the Company or any of its
affiliates that has not been approved by the Company, or (y) the terms of
Executive s employment, if in any such case such material breach remains uncured
after the lapse of 30 days following the date that the Company has given
Executive written notice thereof; 

(B) the material breach by
Executive of any duty referred to in clause (A) above as to which at least one
written notice has been given pursuant to clause (A); 

(C) any act of
misappropriation, embezzlement, fraud, material dishonesty or similar conduct
involving the Company or any of its affiliates; 

(D) the conviction or the
plea of nolo contendere or the equivalent in respect of a felony involving moral
turpitude; 

(E) any intentional damage of
a material nature to any property of the Company or any of its
affiliates; 

5 

(F) the repeated
non-prescription use of any controlled substance or the repeated use of alcohol
or any other non-controlled substance that, in the reasonable determination of
the Company, renders Executive unfit to serve as an employee of the Company;
or 

(G) material failure to
perform Executive s duties in a reasonably satisfactory manner where such
failure has continued for 30 days following written notice thereof; provided,
however, that this Section 5(j)(ii)(G) shall cease to be of effect upon and
after a Change in Control. 

(iii) Change
in Control means the first to occur of the following: 

(A) any sale or transfer or
other conveyance, whether direct or indirect, of all or substantially all of the
assets of ATC, on a consolidated basis, in one transaction or a series of
related transactions, unless, immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power normally entitled to vote in
the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of the
transferee is beneficially owned by persons who, immediately prior to the
transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total voting power normally entitled
to vote in the election of directors of ATC; 

(B) any Person or Group is or
becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the
total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock of ATC then
outstanding normally entitled to vote in elections of directors; 

(C) during any period of 12
consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such 12-month period
constituted ATC s Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose
election by such Board or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of
ATC was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office
who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to
constitute a majority of ATC s Board of Directors then in office;
or 

(D) a reorganization, merger
or consolidation of ATC the consummation of which results in the outstanding
securities of any class of ATC s capital stock being exchanged for or converted
into cash, property and/or a different kind of securities, unless, immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as
applicable, of the entity surviving or resulting from such reorganization,
merger or consolidation is beneficially owned by persons who, immediately
prior to the transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors of ATC. 

(iv) Earned
Benefits means any (A) bonus that is payable to Executive under the IC Plan
with respect to the calendar year preceding the Termination Year but that has
not been paid prior to the Termination Date, (B) vacation time that has accrued
as of the Termination Date, and (C) other entitlements to cash payments that
have accrued as of the Termination Date. 

6 

(v) IC
Plan means any of the Company s annual incentive compensation plans (or similar
plans instituted in place of the annual incentive compensation
plans). 

(vi) IRC 
means the Internal Revenue Code. 

(vii) LTIP 
means any of the Company s long-term incentive plans (or similar plans
instituted in place of the long-term incentive plans) that are in effect as of
the Termination Date, and LTIP Period means, with respect to any LTIP, the
period of time over which such LTIP is measured (e.g., the three years ending
December 31, 2010 in the case of the 2008-2010 LTIP). 

(viii) Person 
and Group have the meanings used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether or not such sections apply to the
transaction in question. 

(ix) Pro
Forma Bonus means the sum of 

(A) the product of
(x) the greater of (1) Executive s bonus that would be payable under
the IC Plan for the Termination Year based on the Company s projected
performance for the Termination Year, such projection to be calculated from the
Company s performance for the portion of the Termination Year that is completed
prior to the Termination Date, or (2) Executive s target bonus under the IC
Plan for the Termination Year, multiplied by (y) a fraction (1) the
numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the Termination
Year through the Termination Date and (2) the denominator of which is 365,
plus 

(B) the product of
(x) the greater of (1) Executive s cash award component that would be
payable under each LTIP based on the Company s projected performance for the
LTIP Period, such projection to be calculated from the Company s performance for
the portion of the LTIP Period that is completed prior to the Termination Date,
or (2) Executive s target bonus under each LTIP, multiplied by (y) a
fraction (1) the numerator of which is the number of days starting
January 1 of the first year of each LTIP Period (e.g., January 1, 2008
in the case of the 2008-2010 LTIP) through the Termination Date and (2) the
denominator of which is 1,095. 

(x) Termination
Benefits Period means the period ending on the first anniversary of the
Termination Date, unless the Termination Date occurs with 18 months after a
Change in Control, in which case it means the period ending 18 months after the
Termination Date. 

(xi) Termination
Year means the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 

6. Proprietary
Information Obligations . Prior to and/or
during the term of employment under this Agreement, Executive has had and/or
will have access to and has become and/or will become acquainted with the
confidential and proprietary information of the Business (as defined in Section
8) and the Company and its affiliates and customers, including but not limited
to confidential and proprietary information or plans regarding customer
relationships; personnel; sales, marketing, and financial operations and
methods; trade secrets; formulas; 

7 

devices; secret
inventions; processes and other compilations of information, records, and
specifications (collectively Proprietary Information ). Executive
shall not disclose any of the Proprietary Information directly or indirectly, or
use it in any way, either during the term of this Agreement, or at any time
thereafter, except as required in the course of employment hereunder or as
authorized in writing by the Company. All files, records, documents,
computer-recorded information, drawings, specifications, equipment and similar
items relating to the Business or the Company or its affiliates, whether
prepared by Executive or otherwise coming into Executive s possession prior to
or during the term of this Agreement, shall remain the exclusive property of the
Company or such affiliate or customer and shall not be removed from the premises
of the Company or its affiliate under any circumstances whatsoever without the
prior written consent of the Company, except when (and only for the period)
necessary to carry out Executive s duties hereunder, and if removed shall be
immediately returned upon any termination of Executive s employment and no
copies thereof shall be kept by Executive. 

7. Noninterference . While employed by
the Company and for a period of 36 months thereafter, Executive shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Company, interfere with the Company by
directly or indirectly soliciting, attempting to solicit, inducing, or otherwise
causing or assisting any person who is then employed by the Company to terminate
such employment in order to become an employee, consultant or independent
contractor to or for any employer other than the Company. 

8. Noncompetition . Executive agrees
that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of 18 months after the
termination hereof, Executive will not, without the prior consent of the
Company, directly or indirectly, have an interest in, be employed by, be
connected with, or have an interest in (as an employee (whether full-time,
part-time or temporary), consultant, officer, director, partner, stockholder,
joint venturer, promoter or lender), any person or entity owning, managing,
controlling, operating or otherwise participating or assisting in any business
that is either (a) similar to the Business (or any portion thereof) and would
benefit from the disclosure of the Company s trade secrets or (b) in competition
with the Business (or any portion thereof) in any of the 50 states in the United
States of America; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent
Executive from being a stockholder of less than 1 of the issued and outstanding
securities of any class of a corporation listed on a national securities
exchange or designated as national market system securities on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a business
will be deemed to be in competition with the Business at a given point in time
if any of the customers of such business were customers of the Business at any
time during the 18 months preceding the time in question. As used
herein, Business means the Company s businesses of remanufacturing and
distributing drive train and electronic products used in the repair of vehicles,
and providing value-added warehouse, distribution and order fulfillment
services, return material reclamation and disposition services, and electronic
equipment testing and refurbishment and repair services. 

9. Remedies . Executive
acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any the
provisions of Sections 6, 7 or 8 will result in the Business and the Company and
its affiliates suffering irreparable harm that cannot be calculated or fully or
adequately compensated by recovery of damages alone. Accordingly,
Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled to interim, interlocutory
and permanent injunctive relief, specific performance and other equitable
remedies, in addition to any other relief to which the Company may become
entitled should there be such a breach or threatened breach. 

8 

10. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Notices . Any
notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon
the earlier of (i) personal delivery (including personal delivery by telecopy,
if a copy is sent by mail or overnight delivery), (ii) the business day
following being sent through an overnight delivery service, or (iii) the third
business day after mailing by first class mail to the recipient at the address
indicated below: 

To the
Company: 

ATC
Technology Corporation 

 1400 Opus
Place, Suite 600 

 Downers
Grove, IL 6515 

 Attention: 
Chief Executive Officer 

 Facsimile: 
(630) 663-8210 

To
Executive: 

[Name] 

 [Address] 

 [City,
State, Zip Code] 

or to
such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient
party will have specified by prior written notice to the sending
party. 

(b) Severability . The
provisions of this Agreement are severable and, if any court of competent
jurisdiction determines that any provision contained in this Agreement shall,
for any reason, be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that
such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision would be valid, legal and
enforceable to the maximum extent possible. 

(c) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the full and complete
understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written and contemporaneous oral
understandings and agreements with respect to the subject matter
hereof. 

(d) Counterparts . This
Agreement may be executed on separate counterparts, any one of which need not
contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will
constitute one and the same agreement. 

(e) Successors and
Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of
and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their respective successors
and assigns, except that
Executive may neither delegate any of Executive s duties hereunder nor assign
any of Executive s rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Company. 

9 

(f) Attorney s
Fees . If any legal proceeding is necessary to enforce or
interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach
therefore, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney s fees,
as well as costs and disbursements, in addition to any other relief to which
such party may be entitled. 

(g) Amendments; No
Waivers . Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or
waived if such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by all parties hereto, and in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective. No waiver by a party of
any breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
subsequent breach or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior
or subsequent breach. No failure or delay by a party in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
law. 

(h) Governing Law and
Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws (without reference to choice or
conflict of laws) of the State of Illinois. The parties to this
Agreement hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Illinois for any matter or
controversy concerning either the existence or enforcement of this Agreement and
hereby waive any contention that Illinois is an improper or inconvenient
forum. 

(i) Construction . The
captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be
ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. Neither party
hereto, nor its respective counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this
Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance
with their fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party
hereto. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the
date first above written. 

Name 

ATC
 TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

By: 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

10 

EXHIBIT
A 

GENERAL
RELEASE 

THIS
GENERAL RELEASE is entered into by the undersigned Employee as of the date
appearing next to Employee s signature hereto. Employee agrees as
follows: 

1. Termination
of Employment . Employee s
employment with ATC Technology Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries (ATC
and its subsidiaries being referred to collectively as the Company is being
terminated and the Company will provide Employee with certain benefits upon the
termination of employment provided that, among other things, Employee executes
and delivers this General Release. 

2. General
Release . Employee
hereby 

(a) releases
and discharges the Company and its officers, directors, employees, benefit plan
administrators and trustees, and agents (collectively, the Released Parties from any and all claims, liabilities, demands and causes of action, whether
known or unknown, fixed or contingent, that Employee may have or claim to have
against any of the Released Parties relating to, or arising out of, Employee s
employment with the Company or the termination thereof, and 

(b) covenants
not to initiate or participate in (except pursuant to a lawful subpoena) any
lawsuit or other legal proceeding asserting any such claims, liabilities,
demands or causes of action. 

This
General Release shall be broadly construed to include, but not be limited to,
all claims under any federal, state, or local laws, statutes, regulations, or
ordinances (including those prohibiting employment discrimination, such as the
federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act), and all claims in contract or
tort including, but not limited to, claims for breach of contract, negligence,
defamation, and wrongful or retaliatory discharge. This General
Release does not include any claim Employee may have based upon facts occurring
after the date that Employee executes this General Release. 

3. Knowing and
Voluntary . Employee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Employee
has read and understands this General Release in its entirety; (b) Employee has
been advised in writing to consult with an attorney concerning this General
Release before signing it; (c) Employee has 21 calendar days after receipt of
this General Release to consider its terms before signing it; (d) Employee has
the right to revoke this General Release in full within seven calendar days of
signing it and that none of the terms and provisions of this General Release
shall become effective or be enforceable until such revocation period has
expired; (e) nothing contained in this General Release waives any claim that may
arise after the date of its execution; and (f) Employee is executing this
General Release knowingly and voluntarily, without duress or reservation of any
kind, and after giving the matter full and careful consideration. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this General Release as of the
date set forth below. 

Executed: ________________,
 20__ 

EMPLOYEE: 

[NAME] 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.32>
 6
 exhibit10_32.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.32 EXEC. EMPLOYMENT AGT.-A.ACHUTHAN

exhibit10_32.htm 

EXHIBIT
10.32 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement Agreement is entered into as of December 8, 2008 by and
between Ashoka Achuthan, a natural person Executive ), and ATC Technology
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ATC ). As used herein, the
 Company refers to ATC and/or any direct or indirect subsidiary of
ATC. The parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment and
Term . 

(a) Full Time and Best
Efforts . Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company
agrees to employ Executive in a management capacity and Executive hereby accepts
such employment. During the term of employment, Executive will devote
Executive s full time, best efforts and attention to the performance of
Executive s duties hereunder and to the business and affairs of the
Company. 

(b) Duties . Executive
shall perform such duties for the Company as are customarily associated with a
management position, consistent with the Bylaws of the Company and as required
by the officer or officers to whom Executive reports. 

(c) Company
Policies . The employment relationship between the parties
shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the
Company, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in
conflict with such employment policies and practices, this Agreement shall
control. 

(d) Term . The
initial term of employment of Executive under this Agreement shall begin as of
the date hereof and end on the third anniversary the date hereof, subject to the
provisions for termination contained in Section 5 and renewal contained in
Section 1(e). 

(e) Renewal . Unless
the Company shall have given Executive notice that this Agreement shall not be
renewed at least 30 days prior to the end of the initial term referred to in
Section 1(d), the term of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for a
period of one year, such procedure to be followed in each such successive
period. 

2. Compensation and
Benefits . 

(a) Salary . Executive
shall receive for services to be rendered hereunder an annual base salary of
 315,000, payable on the Company s regular payroll dates, subject to increase at
the discretion of the Company, and subject to standard withholdings for taxes
and social security and the like. The Company shall review
Executive s salary on a periodic basis and may, in its sole discretion, increase
Executive s salary. 

(b) Incentive
Plans . During the term hereof, Executive shall be eligible to
participate in any annual incentive bonus plan and long-term incentive plan
(including, without limitation, any stock incentive plan) of the Company
generally available to Company employees of a level comparable to
Executive. Such participation shall be subject to and on a basis
consistent with the terms, conditions and administration of any such
plan. Executive understands that (i) the Company shall have
discretion to determine Executive s level of participation in any such plan,
 and (ii)
any such plan may be modified or eliminated in the Company s sole discretion in
accordance with applicable law and the terms of such plan. 

1 

(c) Participation in Benefit
Plans . During the term hereof, Executive shall be entitled to
participate in any group insurance, hospitalization, medical, dental, health and
accident, disability, retirement income or similar plan or program of the
Company to the extent that Executive is eligible under the general provisions
thereof. The Company may, in its discretion and from time to time,
establish additional management benefit programs as it deems
appropriate. Executive understands that any such plans may be
modified or eliminated in the Company s discretion in accordance with applicable
law. 

(d) Vacation . Executive
shall be entitled to a period of annual paid vacation time equal to the period
provided to employees of a comparable level by the Company s policies and
procedures. The days selected for Executive s vacation must be
mutually agreeable to the Company and Executive. 

3. Perquisites . 

(a) Financial Planning/Club Dues
Allowance . Executive will receive an annual financial
planning/club dues allowance equal to 2.0 of Executive s base salary paid
during such year, which may be increased based on the Company s policies and
procedures. Such allowance shall be paid in substantially equal
installments per the Company s regular payroll dates and shall be subject to
applicable withholding. 

(b) Automobile . Executive
shall be entitled to either (i) a monthly automobile allowance, subject to
applicable withholding, or (ii) the use of a Company automobile, as the Company
shall decide. 

4. Business
Expenses . Executive shall
be reimbursed for documented and reasonable business expenses in connection with
the performance of duties hereunder. 

5. Termination
of Employment . The date on which
Executive s employment by the Company ceases, under any of the following
circumstances, shall be defined herein as the Termination Date. All
capitalized terms used in this Section 5 without definition will have the
meanings set forth in Section 5(j). 

(a) Termination for
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any
time for Cause immediately upon written notice to Executive of the circumstances
leading to such termination for Cause. If Executive s employment is
terminated for Cause, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date (which in this event shall be the date upon which
notice of termination is given) and the Earned Benefits. The Company
shall have no obligation to pay severance of any kind nor to make any payment in
lieu of notice if Executive is terminated for Cause. 

(b) Voluntary
Termination . Executive may voluntarily terminate employment
with the Company at any time upon 30 days prior written
notice. Within ten days after the Termination Date, Executive shall
receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the
Earned Benefits, after which no further compensation of any kind or severance
payment will be payable under this Agreement. 

2 

(c) Termination Upon
Disability . The Company may terminate Executive s employment
in the event Executive suffers a disability that renders Executive unable to
perform the essential functions of Executive s position, even with reasonable
accommodation in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, for three
consecutive months within any six-month period. Within ten days after
the Termination Date, which in this event shall be the date upon which notice of
termination is given, Executive shall receive payment for all accrued salary
through the Termination Date and the Earned Benefits, after which no further
compensation will be payable under this Agreement. The foregoing
shall not affect any rights that Executive may have under applicable workers 
compensation laws or any disability plan of the Company. 

(d) Termination Without
Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment
without Cause at any time upon 30 days prior written
notice. Executive will be deemed to have been terminated without
Cause if the Company elects not to renew this Agreement pursuant to Section
1(e). Within ten days after the Termination Date, Executive shall
receive payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the
Earned Benefits. In addition 

(i) During
the Termination Benefits Period, the Company will offer continued
medical-related insurance coverage (including, as applicable, health, dental,
vision and/or cancer) to Executive at the levels and at the rates applicable
from time to time to comparable active employees of the
Company. COBRA continuation coverage eligibility shall commence as of
the day following the Termination Benefits Period. Notwithstanding
the above, coverage under the Company s group medical plan shall cease on the
date (A) Executive fails to pay the required premium on time, (B) Executive
becomes eligible for coverage under Medicare or the group health plan of any
other employer, or (C) the Company terminates its group medical plan as to all
its employees. 

(ii) The
Company shall pay Executive as severance the following: 

(A) If the Termination Date
occurs other than within 18 months after a Change in Control, an amount equal to
150 of the sum of (x) Executive s annual base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the Termination Date plus (y) Executive s target bonus
under the IC Plan for the Termination Year. The severance shall be
paid in equal installments on each of the Company s regular payroll dates during
the 18-month period commencing on the first such payroll date following the
Termination Date (subject to Section 5(h)). 

(B) If the Termination Date
occurs within 18 months after a Change in Control, an amount equal to the sum of
(x) 200 of the sum of (1) Executive s annual base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the Termination Date plus (2) Executive s target bonus
under the IC Plan for the Termination Year, plus (y) the Pro Forma
Bonus. The severance shall be paid in a single lump sum within ten
days after the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Change in
Control is not also a change in control event (as defined in Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) with respect to ATC, the Company will pay the
severance described in this Section 5(d)(ii)(B) in substantially equal
installments during
the 24-month period immediately following the Termination Date in accordance
with the Company s regular payroll practices. 

3 

(iii) The
Company will pay up to 25,000 of the cost of an executive level individualized
career transition program through a professional outplacement firm selected by
the Company if such program is initiated within 30 days after the Termination
Date. 

If
Executive dies after the Termination Date, the payment or payments due
thereafter under Section 5(d)(ii)(A) or (B) shall be made to
Executive s Beneficiary but the benefits provided in Sections 5(d)(i) and
(iii) shall terminate as of the date of death. As a condition to
receiving the payments and benefits provided by this Section 5(d) (other than
payment for all accrued salary through the Termination Date and the Earned
Benefits, which shall be payable in any case), Executive shall execute and
deliver to the Company, within 21 days after the Termination Date, a general
release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

(e) Good
Reason . If the Company (i) materially diminishes Executive s
duties, authority, responsibility or base salary without performance
justification, or (ii) materially breaches this Agreement (any such event being
a Good Reason Event ), Executive may terminate employment if (A) Executive has
given written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good Reason Event no
later than 90 days after its initial existence, (B) the Company has not remedied
such Good Reason Event in all material respects within 30 days after its receipt
of such written notice, and (C) Executive terminated employment within one year
following the initial existence of such Good Reason Event. A
termination in such circumstances shall be treated as a Company termination
without Cause and Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits
provided in Section 5(d). 

(f) No Other Payments or
Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, (i) after the Termination Date Executive will not be entitled to any
payments from the Company and (ii) on the Termination Date Executive s
participation in and coverage under the Company s benefit programs (including
the ATC Retirement Savings Plan (i.e., the 401(k) plan) and the Company s group
life and disability insurance plans) shall cease; provided that Executive shall
retain any right to convert to individual coverage as permitted under these
insurance plans and to any vested benefits under the 401(k) plan and the
Company s stock incentive plans. 

(g) Withholding . Any
amounts payable under this Section 5 shall be subject to standard withholdings
for taxes and social security and the like. 

(h) Payments to a
Specified Employee . If Executive is a specified
employee of the Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i))
and 

(i) if
amounts payable under this Section 5 are on account of an involuntary
separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(m))
and if all amounts payable under this Section 5 will not be paid on or before
March 15th of the year immediately following the Termination Date, then the
amounts payable during the six-month period immediately following the
Termination Date shall equal the lesser of (A) the amount otherwise payable
under this Section 5 for such six-month period or (B) two 

4 

times the
compensation limit in effect under IRC Section 401(a)(17) for the calendar year
in which the Termination Date occurs, and any amounts that otherwise would have
been payable under this Section 5 during such six-month period shall be paid on
the first regular payroll date following the end of such six-month period;
or 

(ii) if
the Company reasonably determines that such termination is not an involuntary
separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-1(m)), amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month
period immediately following the Termination Date (including any lump sum
payments) shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following
the end of such six-month period. 

(i) IRC Section
409A . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, in the event that any amounts payable (or benefits provided) under
this Agreement are subject to the provisions of IRC Section 409A, to the extent
determined necessary, the parties agree to amend this Agreement in the least
restrictive manner necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition on Executive under IRC Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and
Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder. 

(j) Definitions . 

(i) Beneficiary means a person,
trust or other entity (or any combination thereof) designated from time to time
by Executive in writing to receive compensation payable hereunder following
Executive s death. In the event Executive does not designate a
Beneficiary or there is no surviving Beneficiary, then Executive s estate will
be the Beneficiary. 

(ii) Cause 
means the occurrence or existence of any of the following with respect to
Executive, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

(A) a material breach by
Executive of (x) Executive s duty not to engage in any transaction that
represents, directly or indirectly, self-dealing with the Company or any of its
affiliates that has not been approved by the Company, or (y) the terms of
Executive s employment, if in any such case such material breach remains uncured
after the lapse of 30 days following the date that the Company has given
Executive written notice thereof; 

(B) the material breach by
Executive of any duty referred to in clause (A) above as to which at least one
written notice has been given pursuant to clause (A); 

(C) any act of
misappropriation, embezzlement, fraud, material dishonesty or similar conduct
involving the Company or any of its affiliates; 

(D) the conviction or the
plea of nolo contendere or the equivalent in respect of a felony involving moral
turpitude; 

(E) any intentional damage of
a material nature to any property of the Company or any of its
affiliates; 

5 

(F) the repeated
non-prescription use of any controlled substance or the repeated use of alcohol
or any other non-controlled substance that, in the reasonable determination of
the Company, renders Executive unfit to serve as an employee of the Company;
or 

(G) material failure to
perform Executive s duties in a reasonably satisfactory manner where such
failure has continued for 30 days following written notice thereof; provided,
however, that this Section 5(j)(ii)(G) shall cease to be of effect upon and
after a Change in Control. 

(iii) Change
in Control means the first to occur of the following: 

(A) any sale or transfer or
other conveyance, whether direct or indirect, of all or substantially all of the
assets of ATC, on a consolidated basis, in one transaction or a series of
related transactions, unless, immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power normally entitled to vote in
the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of the
transferee is beneficially owned by persons who, immediately prior to the
transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total voting power normally entitled
to vote in the election of directors of ATC; 

(B) any Person or Group is or
becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the
total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock of ATC then
outstanding normally entitled to vote in elections of directors; 

(C) during any period of 12
consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such 12-month period
constituted ATC s Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose
election by such Board or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of
ATC was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office
who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to
constitute a majority of ATC s Board of Directors then in office;
or 

(D) a reorganization, merger
or consolidation of ATC the consummation of which results in the outstanding
securities of any class of ATC s capital stock being exchanged for or converted
into cash, property and/or a different kind of securities, unless, immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, at least 85 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as
applicable, of the entity surviving or resulting from such reorganization,
merger or consolidation is beneficially owned by persons who, immediately
prior to the transaction, beneficially owned 100 of the total voting power
normally entitled to vote in the election of directors of ATC. 

(iv) Earned
Benefits means any (A) bonus that is payable to Executive under the IC Plan
with respect to the calendar year preceding the Termination Year but that has
not been paid prior to the Termination Date, (B) vacation time that has accrued
as of the Termination Date, and (C) other entitlements to cash payments that
have accrued as of the Termination Date. 

6 

(v) IC
Plan means any of the Company s annual incentive compensation plans (or similar
plans instituted in place of the annual incentive compensation
plans). 

(vi) IRC 
means the Internal Revenue Code. 

(vii) LTIP 
means any of the Company s long-term incentive plans (or similar plans
instituted in place of the long-term incentive plans) that are in effect as of
the Termination Date, and LTIP Period means, with respect to any LTIP, the
period of time over which such LTIP is measured (e.g., the three years ending
December 31, 2010 in the case of the 2008-2010 LTIP). 

(viii) Person 
and Group have the meanings used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether or not such sections apply to the
transaction in question. 

(ix) Pro
Forma Bonus means the sum of 

(A) the product of
(x) the greater of (1) Executive s bonus that would be payable under
the IC Plan for the Termination Year based on the Company s projected
performance for the Termination Year, such projection to be calculated from the
Company s performance for the portion of the Termination Year that is completed
prior to the Termination Date, or (2) Executive s target bonus under the IC
Plan for the Termination Year, multiplied by (y) a fraction (1) the
numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the Termination
Year through the Termination Date and (2) the denominator of which is 365,
plus 

(B) the product of
(x) the greater of (1) Executive s cash award component that would be
payable under each LTIP based on the Company s projected performance for the
LTIP Period, such projection to be calculated from the Company s performance for
the portion of the LTIP Period that is completed prior to the Termination Date,
or (2) Executive s target bonus under each LTIP, multiplied by (y) a
fraction (1) the numerator of which is the number of days starting
January 1 of the first year of each LTIP Period (e.g., January 1, 2008
in the case of the 2008-2010 LTIP) through the Termination Date and (2) the
denominator of which is 1,095. 

(x) 
 Termination Benefits Period means the period ending on the first anniversary
of the Termination Date, unless the Termination Date occurs with 18 months after
a Change in Control, in which case it means the period ending 18 months after
the Termination Date. 

(xi) 
 Termination Year means the calendar year in which the Termination Date
occurs. 

6. Proprietary
Information Obligations . Prior to and/or
during the term of employment under this Agreement, Executive has had and/or
will have access to and has become and/or will become acquainted with the
confidential and proprietary information of the Business (as defined in Section
8) and the Company and its affiliates and customers, including but not limited
to confidential and proprietary information or plans regarding customer
relationships; personnel; sales, marketing, and financial operations and
methods; trade secrets; formulas; 

7 

devices; secret
inventions; processes and other compilations of information, records, and
specifications (collectively Proprietary Information ). Executive
shall not disclose any of the Proprietary Information directly or indirectly, or
use it in any way, either during the term of this Agreement, or at any time
thereafter, except as required in the course of employment hereunder or as
authorized in writing by the Company. All files, records, documents,
computer-recorded information, drawings, specifications, equipment and similar
items relating to the Business or the Company or its affiliates, whether
prepared by Executive or otherwise coming into Executive s possession prior to
or during the term of this Agreement, shall remain the exclusive property of the
Company or such affiliate or customer and shall not be removed from the premises
of the Company or its affiliate under any circumstances whatsoever without the
prior written consent of the Company, except when (and only for the period)
necessary to carry out Executive s duties hereunder, and if removed shall be
immediately returned upon any termination of Executive s employment and no
copies thereof shall be kept by Executive. 

7. Noninterference . While employed by
the Company and for a period of 36 months thereafter, Executive shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Company, interfere with the Company by
directly or indirectly soliciting, attempting to solicit, inducing, or otherwise
causing or assisting any person who is then employed by the Company to terminate
such employment in order to become an employee, consultant or independent
contractor to or for any employer other than the Company. 

8. Noncompetition . Executive agrees
that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of 18 months after the
termination hereof, Executive will not, without the prior consent of the
Company, directly or indirectly, have an interest in, be employed by, be
connected with, or have an interest in (as an employee (whether full-time,
part-time or temporary), consultant, officer, director, partner, stockholder,
joint venturer, promoter or lender), any person or entity owning, managing,
controlling, operating or otherwise participating or assisting in any business
that is either (a) similar to the Business (or any portion thereof) and would
benefit from the disclosure of the Company s trade secrets or (b) in competition
with the Business (or any portion thereof) in any of the 50 states in the United
States of America; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent
Executive from being a stockholder of less than 1 of the issued and outstanding
securities of any class of a corporation listed on a national securities
exchange or designated as national market system securities on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a business
will be deemed to be in competition with the Business at a given point in time
if any of the customers of such business were customers of the Business at any
time during the 18 months preceding the time in question. As used
herein, Business means the Company s businesses of remanufacturing and
distributing drive train and electronic products used in the repair of vehicles,
and providing value-added warehouse, distribution and order fulfillment
services, return material reclamation and disposition services, and electronic
equipment testing and refurbishment and repair services. 

9. Remedies . Executive
acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any the
provisions of Sections 6, 7 or 8 will result in the Business and the Company and
its affiliates suffering irreparable harm that cannot be calculated or fully or
adequately compensated by recovery of damages alone. Accordingly,
Executive agrees that the Company 

8 

shall be
entitled to interim, interlocutory and permanent injunctive relief, specific
performance and other equitable remedies, in addition to any other relief to
which the Company may become entitled should there be such a breach or
threatened breach. 

10. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Notices . Any
notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon
the earlier of (i) personal delivery (including personal delivery by telecopy,
if a copy is sent by mail or overnight delivery), (ii) the business day
following being sent through an overnight delivery service, or (iii) the third
business day after mailing by first class mail to the recipient at the address
indicated below: 

To
 the Company: 

ATC
Technology Corporation 

 1400 Opus
Place, Suite 600 

 Downers
Grove, IL 6515 

 Attention: Chief
Executive Officer 

 Facsimile: (630)
663-8210 

To
 Executive: 

Ashoka
Achuthan 

 4467
North Lake Drive 

 Shorewood,
Wisconsin 53211 

or to
such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient
party will have specified by prior written notice to the sending
party. 

(b) Severability . The
provisions of this Agreement are severable and, if any court of competent
jurisdiction determines that any provision contained in this Agreement shall,
for any reason, be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed so that
such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision would be valid, legal and
enforceable to the maximum extent possible. 

(c) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the full and complete
understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written and contemporaneous oral
understandings and agreements with respect to the subject matter
hereof. 

(d) Counterparts . This
Agreement may be executed on separate counterparts, any one of which need not
contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will
constitute one and the same agreement. 

(e) Successors and
Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of
and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their respective successors
and assigns, except that Executive may neither delegate any of Executive s
duties hereunder nor assign any of Executive s rights hereunder without the
prior written consent of the Company. 

9 

(f) Attorney s
Fees . If any legal proceeding is necessary to enforce or
interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach
therefore, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney s fees,
as well as costs and disbursements, in addition to any other relief to which
such party may be entitled. 

(g) Amendments; No
Waivers . Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or
waived if such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by all parties hereto, and in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective. No waiver by a party of
any breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
subsequent breach or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior
or subsequent breach. No failure or delay by a party in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
law. 

(h) Governing Law and
Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws (without reference to choice or
conflict of laws) of the State of Illinois. The parties to this
Agreement hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Illinois for any matter or
controversy concerning either the existence or enforcement of this Agreement and
hereby waive any contention that Illinois is an improper or inconvenient
forum. 

(i) Construction . The
captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be
ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. Neither party
hereto, nor its respective counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this
Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance
with their fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party
hereto. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the
date first above written. 

/s/
 Ashoka Achuthan 

Ashoka
 Achuthan 

ATC
 TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/
 Donald T. Johnson, Jr. 

Donald
 T. Johnson, Jr. 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

10 

EXHIBIT
A 

GENERAL
RELEASE 

THIS
GENERAL RELEASE is entered into by the undersigned Employee as of the date
appearing next to Employee s signature hereto. Employee agrees as
follows: 

1. Termination
of Employment . Employee s
employment with ATC Technology Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries (ATC
and its subsidiaries being referred to collectively as the Company is being
terminated and the Company will provide Employee with certain benefits upon the
termination of employment provided that, among other things, Employee executes
and delivers this General Release. 

2. General
Release . Employee
hereby 

(a) releases
and discharges the Company and its officers, directors, employees, benefit plan
administrators and trustees, and agents (collectively, the Released Parties from any and all claims, liabilities, demands and causes of action, whether
known or unknown, fixed or contingent, that Employee may have or claim to have
against any of the Released Parties relating to, or arising out of, Employee s
employment with the Company or the termination thereof, and 

(b) covenants
not to initiate or participate in (except pursuant to a lawful subpoena) any
lawsuit or other legal proceeding asserting any such claims, liabilities,
demands or causes of action. 

This
General Release shall be broadly construed to include, but not be limited to,
all claims under any federal, state, or local laws, statutes, regulations, or
ordinances (including those prohibiting employment discrimination, such as the
federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act), and all claims in contract or
tort including, but not limited to, claims for breach of contract, negligence,
defamation, and wrongful or retaliatory discharge. This General
Release does not include any claim Employee may have based upon facts occurring
after the date that Employee executes this General Release. 

3. Knowing and
Voluntary . Employee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Employee
has read and understands this General Release in its entirety; (b) Employee has
been advised in writing to consult with an attorney concerning this General
Release before signing it; (c) Employee has 21 calendar days after receipt of
this General Release to consider its terms before signing it; (d) Employee has
the right to revoke this General Release in full within seven calendar days of
signing it and that none of the terms and provisions of this General Release
shall become effective or be enforceable until such revocation period has
expired; (e) nothing contained in this General Release waives any claim that may
arise after the date of its execution; and (f) Employee is executing this
General Release knowingly and voluntarily, without duress or reservation of any
kind, and after giving the matter full and careful consideration. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this General Release as of the
date set forth below. 

Executed: _______________,
 20__ 

EMPLOYEE: 

[NAME] 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-18.1>
 7
 exhibit18_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 18.1 E&Y PREFERABILITY LETTER

exhibit18_1.htm 

EXHIBIT
18.1 

February 25, 2009 

Mr. John
M. Pinkerton 

 Vice
President and Chief Accounting Officer 

 ATC
Technology Corporation 

 1400 Opus
Place, Suite 600 

 Downers
Grove, Illinois 60515 

Dear Mr.
Pinkerton: 

Note 2 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of ATC Technology Corporation,
included in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, describes an
accounting change regarding the date of the Company s annual goodwill and other
indefinite lived intangibles impairment assessment from the last day of the
third quarter to the first day of the fourth quarter. There are no
authoritative criteria for determining which date is preferable based on the
particular circumstances, however, we conclude that such change in the method of
accounting is to an acceptable alternative method which, based on your business
judgment to make this change and for the stated reasons, is preferable in your
circumstances. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Ernst Young
LLP 

</EX-18.1>

<EX-21>
 8
 exhibit21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

exhibit21.htm 

EXHIBIT
21 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The
direct and indirect subsidiaries of ATC Technology Corporation are: 

Name 

Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 

Name
 Under Which 

 Business
 is Conducted 

ATC
 Custom Services, Inc. 

Delaware 

Not
 Applicable 

ATC
 Drivetrain, Inc. 

Delaware 

Aaron s
 Automotive Products, Inc. 

 Autocraft
 Industries, Inc. 

ATC
 Logistics Electronics, Inc. 

Delaware 

ATC
 Logistics 

 Autocraft
 Electronics 

 Logistics
 Services 

 Material
 Recovery 

ATC
 Information Services, Inc. 

Delaware 

ATCIS 

 ATC
 Information Services 

ATS
 Remanufacturing Corp. 

Delaware 

Not
 Applicable 

Autocraft
 Developments Limited 

England 

Not
 Applicable 

ATC
 Drivetrain s.r.o. 

Czech
 Republic 

Not
 Applicable 

Autocraft
 Industries Limited 

England 

Not
 Applicable 

Automotive
 Developments Limited 

England 

Not
 Applicable 

Aftermarket
 Technology (U.K.) Holding Limited 

England 

Not
 Applicable 

Elbar
 Industrial Limited 

England 

Not
 Applicable 

Elbar
 Industrial (Trading) Limited 

England 

ATC
 Drivetrain 

 Autocraft
 UK 

 Autocraft
 Industries 

 South
 East Lincs Engineering 

ZZYZX,
 S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 

Mexico 

Not
 Applicable 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 exhibit23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23 E&Y CONSENT

exhibit23.htm 

EXHIBIT
23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements, (Form
S-8 No. 333-18495, 333-77473, 333-37426, 333-88528, 333-115925, 333-126074, and
333-134644) pertaining to the Stock Incentive Plans and Executive Nonqualified
Excess Plan of ATC Technology Corporation of our reports dated February 25,
2009, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of ATC
Technology Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting of ATC Technology Corporation, included in the Annual Report (Form
10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

/s/ Ernst
 Young LLP 

Chicago,
Illinois 

 February
25, 2009 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 RULE 13A-14(A) CEO CERTIFICATION

exhibit31_1.htm 

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive
Officer 

I, Todd
R. Peters, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ATC Technology
Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
February 26, 2009 

/s/
 Todd R. Peters 

Todd
 R. Peters, Chief Executive
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 RULE 13A-14(A) CFO CERTIFICATION

exhibit31_2.htm 

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial
Officer 

I, Ashoka
Achuthan, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ATC Technology
Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
February 26, 2009 

/s/
 Ashoka Achuthan 

Ashoka
 Achuthan, Chief Financial
Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 1350 CEO CERTIFICATION

exhibit32_1.htm 

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002),
I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of ATC Technology Corporation (the
"Company"), hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2008 (the "Report")
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

Date: February
26, 2009 

/s/
 Todd R. Peters 

Todd
 R. Peters, Chief Executive
Officer 

This
certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that
section. This certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except
to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by
reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 1350 CFO CERTIFICATION

exhibit32_2.htm 

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002),
I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of ATC Technology Corporation (the
"Company"), hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2008 (the "Report")
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

Date: February
26, 2009 

/s/
 Ashoka Achuthan 

Ashoka
 Achuthan, Chief Financial
Officer 

This
certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that
section. This certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except
to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by
reference. 

</EX-32.2>

