<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090129_10-K_edgar_data_1076682_0000950123-09-001565.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>695857</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241760</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>306855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950123-09-001565.hdr.sgml : 20090129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090129160532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-09-001565
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001076682
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				061529524
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32404
		FILM NUMBER:		09554612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 RARITAN CENTER PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			EDISON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08837
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7328727490

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 6570
		CITY:			EDISON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08818

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAJESCO HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040416

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONNECTIVCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010815

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPINROCKET COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 M+CkIca9oTQfPMKFt+OJqrmzKayDD5qEHvVTt5ld35KXE66/iiWLMSSKNg3KeVTg
 4iWdRYufXakZJ54FVDKvBg==

 0000950123-09-001565.txt : 20090129

10-K
 1
 y01018e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One)

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2008 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from to 

Commission File No. 000-51128 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 

06-1529524 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

160 Raritan Center Parkway 
Edison, New Jersey 08837 
 (Address of principal executive office) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 732) 225-8910 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common Stock, Par Value 0.001 
(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and, (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein and, will not be contained, to the best of
registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates as of April 30, 2008 was
 15.2 million.

The
outstanding number of shares of common stock as of January 28, 2009 was 30,210,037.

The Registrant s proxy or information statement is incorporated by reference into Part III of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

11 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

21 

Item 2. Properties 

21 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

21 

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

23 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

25 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

38 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

38 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

39 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

39 

Item 9B. Other Information 

39 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

40 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

40 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters 

40 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 

40 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

40 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

40 

EX-10.23: AMENDMENT TO THE FACTORING AGREEMENT 
 EX-21.1: SUBSIDIARIES 
 EX-23.1: CONSENT OF MCGLADREY & PULLEN, LLP 
 EX-23.2: CONSENT OF GOLDSTEIN GOLUB KESSLER LLP 
 EX-31.1: CERTIFICATION 
 EX-31.2: CERTIFICATION 
 EX-32.1: CERTIFICATION 

i 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business. 

Forward-looking Statements 

Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts constitute
forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements relate to future events or our future
financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Those factors include, among other
things, those listed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. In some cases, you
can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as
 may, will, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements
are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. Moreover, neither we nor any
other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of these statements. We are
under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report
to conform these statements to actual results.

Introduction 

We are a provider of video game products primarily for the family oriented, mass market
consumer. Our products allow us to capitalize on the large and growing installed base of
interactive entertainment enthusiasts on a variety of different console, PC and handheld platforms.
We sell our products primarily to large retail chains, specialty retail stores, video game rental
outlets and distributors. We also sell our products internationally through distribution agreements
with international publishers. We have developed our retail and distribution network relationships
over our 22-year history.

We publish video games for almost all major current generation interactive entertainment
hardware platforms, including Nintendo s DS and Wii, Sony s PlayStation 2, or PS2, PlayStation 3,
or PS3, and PlayStation Portable, or PSP , Microsoft s Xbox and Xbox 360 and the
personal computer, or PC. In addition, we have manufactured and marketed stand alone plug and play
video game systems and peripheral devices targeted at the mass-market.

Our video game titles are targeted at various demographics at a range of price points, from
lower-priced value titles to more expensive
 premium titles. In some instances, these titles
are based on licenses of well known properties and, in other cases based on original properties. We
collaborate and enter into agreements with content providers and video game development studios for
the creation of our video games.

Due to the larger budget requirements for developing and marketing premium console titles for
core gamers, we focus on publishing more casual games targeting mass market consumers. In
particular, we have focused on the Nintendo DS and Wii, which have, focused on attracting similar
demographics and we currently have 15 Wii and 16 DS games in development.

Revised Business Model Update 

During the second half of fiscal year 2005, we had several major developments that ultimately
led us to revise our business model and shift our product strategy away from capital intensive
premium console games to a focus on games for handheld systems and value products. During the
latter half of 2005 the interactive entertainment industry experienced a sales slowdown related to
the transition to the next generation of game consoles. At the same time, the prevalence of MP3
players and other devices providing digital entertainment led to increased competition for
consumers discretionary spending. As a result, we experienced weak sales across all of our product
lines and subsequently decided to sell off our rights to and/or cancel a number of our big budget
video games in development. For our fiscal year ended October 31, 2005, we recorded impairment
charges related to capitalized software development costs and prepaid license fees of 36.8 million
and inventory of 5.1 million. This contributed to an operating loss of 70.2 million.

1 

Table of Contents 

Subsequently, we revised our strategy and business model to focus product development efforts
on quality games that are easy to ''pick-up-and-play, priced affordably and targeted for the mass
market.

Throughout fiscal 2008, we continued to execute on this business model and product strategy.
Key accomplishments include:

Reached 3.4 million units sold domestically of the Cooking Mama franchise; 

Cooking Mama: Cook Off won the 2008 ALSC Great Interactive Software for Kids (Midwinter
List) award; 

Published 12 titles for the Nintendo DS, nine titles for Wii and one title for the Sony
PlayStation Portable; 

Launched Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum 2009, featuring expert advice from
Michaels, the strength trainer and life coach on the popular television series The
Biggest Loser, the game was a top holiday seller on the Nintendo Wii. 

Corporate Background 

Majesco Sales Inc. was incorporated in 1986 under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On
December 5, 2003, Majesco Sales Inc. completed a reverse merger with Majesco Holdings Inc.
(formerly ConnectivCorp), then a publicly traded company with no active operations. Majesco
Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 1998 under the laws of the State of Delaware. As a result of the
merger, Majesco Sales Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary and the sole operating business of the
public company. On April 4, 2005, Majesco Sales Inc. was merged into Majesco Holdings Inc., and, in
connection with the merger, Majesco Holdings Inc. changed its name to Majesco Entertainment
Company. Our principal executive offices are located at 160 Raritan Center Parkway, Edison, NJ
08837, and our telephone number is (732) 225-8910. Our web site address is
www.majescoentertainment.com.

Industry Overview 

The interactive entertainment industry is mainly comprised of video game hardware platforms,
video game software and peripherals. Within this industry, North American combined sales of video
game hardware, video game software and video game peripherals were approximately 21.3 billion in
2008 according to the NPD Group. Of that total, video game software sales accounted for nearly
 11.0 billion, and hardware and accessories sales accounted for 10.3 billion.

Video Game Hardware Platforms 

Video game hardware platforms are comprised of home game consoles, or consoles, and portable
handheld game devices, or handhelds, as well as multi-functional devices such as PCs, Personal
Digital Assistants, or PDAs, and mobile phones. The current generation of consoles includes
Nintendo s Wii, Sony s PlayStation 3 and Microsoft s Xbox 360. On November 22, 2005, Microsoft
launched the first of the next-generation consoles, the Xbox 360. According to the NPD Group, a
global provider of consumer and retail market research information, the installed base for the Xbox
360 as of December 2008 was approximately 13.8 million. Sony s PlayStation 3 and Nintendo s Wii,
were released in North America on November 17, 2006 and November 19, 2006, respectively. According
to the NPD Group, the installed base for the Wii and PlayStation 3 as of December 2008 are
approximately 17.5 million and 6.9 million, respectively. These advanced consoles feature improved
graphics capabilities, increased storage capacity and incremental online, wireless and multi-media
entertainment functionality intended to attract a wider audience.

2 

Table of Contents 

The current generation of handhelds is dominated by Nintendo s DS which launched in November
2004 and features a dual screen, wi-fi capability, higher capacity storage media than its
predecessor Game Boy Advance, and is backward compatible with GBA cartridges. According to the NPD
Group, the North American Nintendo DS installed base is 27.6 million as of December 2008. In March
2005, Sony launched the Sony PlayStation Portable system. According to the NPD Group, the North
American PSP installed base was approximately 14.3 million as of December 2008.

The ability of multi-functional devices, such as PCs, PDAs and mobile phones, to serve as
video game platforms has also been greatly enhanced. This is due to periodic advances in
microprocessors, graphics chips, storage capacity, operating systems and media and digital rights
management. These advances have enabled developers to introduce video games for multi-functional
devices with enhanced game play technology and high resolution graphics.

Video Game Software 

Video game software is created by the console and handheld manufacturers and by independent
publishers and developers. Console and handheld manufacturers license publishers to develop video
games for their platforms and retain a significant degree of control over the content, quality and
manufacturing of these products. Most manufacturers also receive a royalty for every software title
manufactured for their platform. The publishers, subject to the approval of the platform
manufacturers, determine the types of games they will create. Publishers either utilize their own
in-house development teams or outsource game development to third party developers. Following
development, publishers then market and sell these products to retailers, either directly or
through resellers.

Premium games are often based on licensed popular content or original content with strong
characters and storylines. Premium games for consoles generally receive extensive development and
marketing investments. Premium games are also higher priced than value titles.

Value titles are generally priced at or below a suggested retail price of 20.00. Success in
the value category is largely based on the ability to cost-effectively bring value titles to market
quickly, capitalize on current trends and place these titles with major retailers.

Traditionally, video games and video content have been delivered using CDs, DVDs or
cartridges. More recently, full games and other supplemental content, including additional levels,
weapons, vehicles and more, can now be delivered via the Internet through game portals, such as
Xbox Live, and various Internet sites, such as Yahoo!. The popularity of this emerging download
category is expected to increase, especially within the large-scale multiplayer game segment and
among the user bases of the next generation consoles, PDAs and mobile phones.

Peripherals 

Most video game hardware platforms have a variety of peripherals that are designed to enhance
the functionality of the device and the experience of the user. For instance, DS users can purchase
headphone peripherals that enable private listening. New peripherals have also been developed that
enable users to play video games on their televisions without the need for dedicated home game
consoles.

Strategy 

Our objective is to be an innovative provider of video games for the mass market with a focus
on developing and publishing a wide range of casual and family oriented video games. Specifically,
we strive to:

Focus product development efforts on quality games that are easy to
 pick-up-and-play, 
priced affordably and targeted for the mass-market. 

Video game development of casual games is generally less expensive and simpler than
development of games for the core gamer demographic, particularly on the PS3 and Xbox 360, where
expectations for graphic

3 

Table of Contents 

quality and depth of play are very high. As such, we are focusing our game
development efforts on products
for the Nintendo DS and Wii systems, which have appealing price points and unique play
mechanics that continue to resonate with the mainstream gamer and have experienced significant
installed base growth over the past two years. As such, we have a
number of games in development
for the Wii system. In general, from a game
play/content perspective, we are focusing on publishing games that are relatively easy to play and
whose subject matter will appeal to as wide an audience as possible.

Create our own intellectual property. 

During the past year, we have increased the number of titles we have published for which we
own the intellectual property rights. During 2008, the titles we published for which we owned the
intellectual property rights include: Blastworks, Wonderworld Amusement Park and Zoo Hospital.
Owning these rights can substantially improve the profitability of the titles we publish by
significantly reducing licensing costs for sequels. We believe that, over the long term, owning
these rights for games that we publish best positions us financially and competitively. As part of
this strategy, we opened our own studio this year which will develop a small percentage of our
games.

Leverage our long-term success in the value category. 

Publishing software for the value category (suggested price point at or below 20), which
requires a relatively low investment in development and marketing, has historically been one of our
strengths. We have published a strong portfolio of value titles for the GBA platform that includes
products based on well known licensed properties, such as Frogger, Cartoon Network and Strawberry
Shortcake, as well as for popular mass market interests/trends (Monster Trucks, Quad Desert Fury,
Texas Hold Em Poker, The New York Times Crosswords). We were one of the first publishers to
develop a line of high-quality value titles for the Nintendo DS handheld system and, to date, have
launched 38 such titles priced at or below 20.00. We have also opportunistically published console
titles that offer a quality game play experience at value price points, such as Cake Mania 2 , Nancy
Drew: The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society and the Humongous line of games for Wii: Freddi Fish,
Spy Fox and Pajama Sam . Going forward, we intend to capitalize on our ability to quickly create or
obtain high-quality products to sell at value prices and expand our value product line to other
platforms, genres and distribution outlets.

Strategically pursue alternative distribution channels for existing and new products. 

Over the last two years, we have continued to pursue partnerships in the digital download
arena. Psychonauts was recently added to Microsoft s Xbox Originals program which lets Xbox 360
owners download classic Xbox titles for play on the 360. We also licensed out non-exclusive digital
rights for back catalog PC games, such as BloodRayne 2, Psychonauts and Advent Rising, to some of
the leading players in this area including Turner s GameTap Network, Valve s Steam broadband gaming
platform, TryMedia s digital download network and Boonty. We view these initiatives as incremental
revenue with little to no cost. We are in discussions with additional partners in order to maximize
this revenue stream and further participate in the digital download and fast-growing online gaming
market.

Increase our market share in Europe and Pacific Rim territories. 

As the global gaming market continues to grow, we believe that international markets represent
a significant growth opportunity for us. Over the last two years, we have expanded our
international presence and, in late fiscal year 2005, we established an office in the United
Kingdom and have entered into license and distribution agreements with leading international
publishers for distribution in European and PAL territories. Under these agreements, the
distributor fulfills all sales, marketing and distribution needs for our multi-format product
line-up. Our first sales under this agreement were realized in early 2006. We have generated net
revenues of approximately 23.3 million during the three year period ended October 31, 2008. We are
also

4 

Table of Contents 

developing distribution relationships in Asia Pacific and Japan and, are targeting new
territories, such as China, for expansion.

Leverage our industry relationships and entrepreneurial environment to enter new categories
and bring innovative products to market. 

In the past, we have leveraged our experience, entrepreneurial environment and industry
relationships with developers, manufacturers, content providers, retailers and resellers to create
and distribute new and innovative products. We will continue to capitalize on current market trends
and pursue new product opportunities in categories related to our core business.

Products 

We offer our customers a wide selection of interactive entertainment products for a variety of
platforms.

Our most successful franchise to date has been Cooking Mama that, through January 19, 2009,
has sold approximately 3.4 million units across four SKU s. In North America, Cooking Mama for the
DS was first introduced in September 2006 at a 19.99 value price and has sold more than 1.8
million units. The Wii version, Cooking Mama: Cook Off , launched in March 2007 and Cooking Mama 2:
Dinner with Friends for DS was released in November 2007 at a 29.99 price point. The most recent
installment is Cooking Mama World Kitchen for Wii that was released in November 2008 at 49.99.

Games 

As of November 2008, our active catalog included more than 40 SKUs, which we categorize as
either value or premium titles.

Value Titles 

We believe we are a leading publisher of value titles and will continue to expand our value
product line to other platforms, genres and distribution outlets. Value titles are typically sold
at suggested retail prices at or below 20. Examples of products in this category include:

Titles based on emerging consumer fads or trends where we rapidly develop a quality
title to capitalize on such interest, such as our two Brain Boost titles, ATV Quad Frenzy 
and Texas Hold Em ; 

Titles based on well known downloadable games, such as Cake Mania and Fish Tycoon ;
and 

Titles that were once our premium titles but over time have become part of our value
line, including: The New York Times Crosswords , Holly Hobbie Friends and Age of Empires 
for DS. 

Selected value titles, their compatible platforms and launch dates include:

Selected Titles 
 
 Platform 
 
 Launch Date 

Super Black Bass Fishing

DS

March 2006 

3-1 Sports Pack

GBA

March 2006 

Bust-A-Move Deluxe

PSP

April 2006 

Dino Master

DS

May 2006 

Strawberry Shortcake Sweet Dreams

GBA

September 2006 

Cooking Mama

DS

September 2006 

Monster Bomber

DS

November 2006 

Brain Boost: Beta Gamma

DS

November 2006 

F-24 Stealth Fighter

GBA

November 2006 

F-24 Stealth Fighter

DS

February 2007 

Cake Mania

DS

April 2007 

Toon-Doku

DS

April 2007 

5 

Table of Contents 

Selected Titles 
 
 Platform 
 
 Launch Date 

Operation Vietnam

DS

August 2007 

Turn It Around

DS

August 2007 

The Wild West

DS

August 2007 

Fish Tycoon

DS

October 2007 

Left Brain Right Brain

DS

December 2007 

Furu Furu Park

Wii

January 2008 

Mega Brain Boost

DS

January 2008 

Pet Pals: Animal Doctor

DS

February 2008 

Blokus Portable: Steambot Championship

PSP

February 2008 

Toy Shop

DS

April 2008 

Cake Mania 2

DS

June 2008 

Nancy Drew: The Mystery of the Clue Bender
Society

DS

July 2008 

Freddi Fish: Kelp Seed Mystery

Wii

August 2008 

Pajama Sam: Don t Fear the Dark

Wii

August 2008 

Spy Fox in Dry Cereal

Wii

August 2008 

Air Traffic Chaos

DS

September 2008 

Babysitting Mania

DS

September 2008 

Premium Titles 

Our most successful proprietary premium title has been BloodRayne which, since its launch in
October 2002, has generated significant consumer interest and worldwide retail sales of nearly a
million units. As a result of this success, we developed a sequel, BloodRayne 2 which, was released
in October 2004, and entered into a number of licensing agreements including a strategy guide, a
comic book series, apparel, resin statues, WallSkinz, a feature film that was released in January
2006 and a sequel film that was released in September 2007. In addition to intellectual properties
that we own, we also license the rights to content from developers or media entertainment
companies, as in the cases of Age of Empires, Cake Mania, Cooking Mama, Nacho Libre, Teen Titans
and the classic action-suspense film, Jaws.

Selected premium titles, their compatible platforms and launch dates include:

Selected Titles 
 
 Platform 
 
 Launch Date 

BloodRayne

Xbox, PS2, GC, PC

October 2002 

BloodRayne 2

Xbox, PS2, PC

October 2004 

Advent Rising

Xbox, PC

May 2005 

Psychonauts

Xbox, PS2, PC

April, July 2005 

Teen Titans

GBA

October 2005 

Infected

PSP

November 2005 

Aeon Flux

Xbox, PS2

November 2005 

Teen Titans

GBA

February 2006 

Age of Empires: The Age of Kings

DS

February 2006 

Guilty Gear Dust Strikers

DS

April 2006 

JAWS Unleashed 

Xbox, PS2, PC

May 2006 

MechAssault: Phantom War

DS

September 2006 

Guilty Gear Judgment

PSP

September 2006 

Teen Titans 2

GBA

October 2006 

Nacho Libre

DS

October 2006 

Cooking Mama: Cook Off

Wii

March 2007 

Bust-A-Move Bash!

Wii

April 2007 

6 

Table of Contents 

Selected Titles 
 
 Platform 
 
 Launch Date 

The New York Times Crosswords

DS

May 2007 

Nancy Drew: Deadly Secret of Olde World Park

DS

September 2007 

Holly Hobbie Friends

DS

October 2007 

Zoo Hospital

DS

October 2007 

Kengo: Legend of the 9

Xbox 360

September 2007 

Cooking Mama 2: Dinner with Friends

DS

November 2007 

Nanostray 2

DS

March 2008 

Eco-Creatures: Save the Forest

DS

March 2008 

Wild Earth: African Safari

Wii

April 2008 

BlastWorks: Build, Trade, Destroy

Wii

June 2008 

Wonder World Amusement Park

Wii

July 2008 

Zoo Hospital

Wii

September 2008 

Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum 2009

Wii

October 2008 

Away: Shuffle Dunegon

DS

October 2008 

Peripheral Products 

While we are no longer actively engaged in this category, our peripheral products in the past
consisted principally of our back catalog TV Arcade plug-and-play products. These products were
stand-alone games that connect directly into television sets with standard RCA cables. These are
battery operated and require no additional hardware or software. In 2006, we acted as a developer
and manufacturer of Konami s Strawberry Shortcake , Dance Dance Revolution and Dance
Dance Revolution Disney Mix for Konami. These Plug N Play products combine the
high-energy dance gameplay of Konami s hit Dance Dance Revolution (DDR) video game
franchise with characters and music from each property.

Product Development 

Prior to initiating the development of a video game title, we perform market research, studio
due diligence and financial analyses. A title must then be approved by our green
light 
committee comprised of members from our executive, product development, finance, sales and
marketing and legal/business affairs teams before being accepted for publication. Once accepted,
the title is evaluated at regular milestones to ensure it is progressing on time, according to
specifications and on budget. In accordance with our current strategy, we will concentrate on
procuring handheld products, reasonably-priced Wii products, value products and opportunistically
pursuing console titles.

We primarily use third party development studios to create our video game products. We
carefully select third parties to develop video games based on their capabilities, suitability,
availability and cost. We usually have broad rights to commercially utilize products created by the
third party developers we work with. Development contracts are structured to provide developers
with incentives to provide timely and satisfactory performance by associating payments with the
achievement of substantive development milestones, and by providing for the payment of royalties to
them based on sales of the developed product, only after we recoup development costs. We have
worked, and continue to work, with independent third party developers, such as:

Legacy Interactive; 

Budcat Creations; 

Double Fine Productions; 

Gorilla Systems Inc.; 

Shin En Multimedia;

7 

Table of Contents 

Torus Games; and 

Taito Corporation. 

On November 7, 2007, we announced the creation of an internal development facility to be based
in Los Angeles. The studio adds technical and design skills to the company s overall operation and
specifically focuses on products and properties for the casual gamer. We estimate that this studio
will develop a small number of our titles annually.

The development process for video games involves working with platform manufacturers from the
initial game concept phase through approval of the final product. During this process, we work
closely with manufacturers to ensure that the title undergoes careful quality assurance testing.
Each platform manufacturer requires that the software and a prototype of each title, together with
all related artwork and documentation, be submitted for its pre-publication approval. This approval
is generally discretionary.

Intellectual Property 

Platform Licenses 

Hardware platform manufacturers require that publishers obtain a license from them to publish
titles for their platforms. We currently have non-exclusive licenses from Nintendo for DS, GBA,
GameCube and Wii, from Sony for PS2 and PSP and from Microsoft for Xbox and Xbox 360. Each license
generally extends for a term of between two to four years and is terminable under a variety of
circumstances. Each license allows us to create one or more products for the applicable system, and
requires us to pay a per-unit license fee and/or royalty payment from the title produced and may
include other compensation or payment terms. Publishers are not required to obtain licenses for
publishing video game software for PCs. All of the hardware manufacturers approve each of the
titles we submit for approval on a title-by-title basis, at their discretion.

Licenses From Third Parties 

While we develop original titles, most of our titles are based on rights, licenses and
properties, including copyrights and trademarks, owned by third parties. Even our original titles
usually include some rights or properties from third parties. License agreements with third parties
generally extend for a term of between two to three years, are limited to specific territories or
platforms and are terminable under a variety of events. Several of our licenses are exclusive
within particular territories or platforms. The licensors often have strict approval and quality
control rights. Typically, we are obligated to make minimum guaranteed royalty payments over the
term of these licenses and advance payments against these guarantees, but other compensation or
payment terms, such as milestone payments, are also common. From time to time, we may also license
other technologies from third party developers for use in our products, which also are subject to
royalties and other types of payment.

Licenses To Third Parties 

As we create original titles we may decide to license rights to third parties, sometimes on an
exclusive basis, in order to generate publicity or market demand for our titles, to generate
additional revenue related to complementary products or a combination of these factors. For
example, in regards to our BloodRayne franchise, we have sold the movie rights, entered into a
strategy guide deal and licensed a comic book series, resin statues and an apparel line.

Manufacturing 

Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft control the manufacturing of our products that are compatible
with their respective video game consoles, as well as the manuals and packaging for these products,
and ship the finished products to us for distribution. Video games for Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony
game consoles consist of proprietary format CD-ROMs or DVD-ROMs and are typically delivered to us
within the relatively short lead

8 

Table of Contents 

time
of approximately two to three weeks. Sony PSP products adhere
to a similar production time frame, but use a proprietary media format called a Universal Media
Disc, or UMD.

With respect to GBA and DS products, which use a cartridge format, Nintendo typically delivers
these products to us within 45 to 60 days after receipt of a purchase order. For our peripheral
offerings, we use third party manufacturers who typically deliver these products to us within three
to five weeks from the time production commences.

Initial production quantities of individual titles are based upon estimated retail orders and
consumer demand. At the time a product is approved for manufacturing, we must generally provide the
platform manufacturer with a purchase order for that product, and either cash in advance or an
irrevocable letter of
credit for the entire purchase price. To date, we have not experienced any material
difficulties or delays in the manufacture and assembly of our products. However, manufacturers 
difficulties, which are beyond our control, could impair our ability to bring products to the
marketplace in a timely manner.

Sales and Marketing 

North America 

Historically, our marketing programs principally supported our premium game titles. While we
support most of our titles in some manner, those with the most potential will have long lead time,
multi-faceted marketing programs designed to generate enthusiasm and demand. Specific consumer
marketing strategies we may employ include: TV, radio and print advertising; web site and online
marketing; demo distribution; promotions and cross-promotions with third parties; and
point-of-purchase advertising.

Additionally, we customize public relations programs that are designed to create awareness
with all relevant audiences, including core gamers and mass entertainment consumers. To date, our
public relations efforts have resulted in significant coverage for our company and individual
titles in computer and video game publications, such as Game Informer, GamePro, Nintendo Power,
PlayStation Magazine and Official Xbox Magazine, as well as major newspapers, magazines and
broadcast outlets, such as CNN, USA Today, Wired, Maxim, Newsweek, The New York Times and TV Guide,
among others. We also host media events throughout the year at which print, broadcast and online
journalists can preview, review and evaluate our products prior to their release.

In addition to regular face-to-face meetings and communications with our sales force, we
employ extensive trade marketing efforts including: direct marketing to buyers and store managers;
trade shows; various store manager shows; and distribution and sales incentive programs.

We sell our products primarily to large retail chains, specialty retail stores, video game
rental outlets and distributors. Our sales team has strong relationships with major retailers and
communicates with them frequently. To supplement our sales team, we currently utilize six sales
representative organizations located throughout the United States. The firms we use were chosen
based on their performance and retailer relationships. On average, two sales representatives per
organization are assigned to our accounts. It is customary for the sales representatives and
resellers of our games who are assigned specific customers to also distribute games produced by
other manufacturers. Distribution channels are dominated by a select group of companies, and a
publisher s access to retail shelf space is a significant competitive factor.

International 

As the global gaming market continues to grow, we believe that international markets represent
a significant growth opportunity for our business. Over the last three years, we have expanded our
international presence and, in late fiscal year 2005, we established a new office in the United
Kingdom and entered into license and distribution agreements with leading international publishers
for distribution in Europe and the PAL territories. Under these agreements the publisher fulfills
all sales, marketing and distribution needs for

9 

Table of Contents 

our multi-format product line-up. Our first sales
under these agreements were realized in early 2006 and have generated net revenues of 23.3 million
through October 31, 2008. We are also looking to develop similar distribution relationships in the Asia Pacific region
and Japan.

In 2009, we are planning to move to a direct distribution
model for the United Kingdom market,
whereby we will sell direct to our retail
customers using local distributors to ship our product.
We believe this model offers the potential to get better placement of our products at retail and
we also expect to improve margins by reducing the distribution fee incurred under our existing distribution
agreements. We will incur some increase in overhead as we will add positions in sales and
marketing. While we believe this model offers more potential for growth and profitability, we will
bear the credit risk associated with these customers, and will be responsible for various
promotional allowances to which we did not have exposure under our previous distribution model. We
may also not achieve the improved growth and profitability we expect.

Distribution 

We also act as a publisher/distributor of certain video games developed by another company.
We provide warehousing, shipping and invoicing and charge the company a distribution fee based on a
percentage of sales, for our services.

Customers 

Our customers are comprised of national and regional retailers, specialty retailers and video
game rental outlets. We believe we have developed close relationships with a number of retailers,
including Best Buy, GameStop, Target, Wal-Mart and Toys ''R Us. We also have strong
relationships with Cokem, Jack of All Games, a subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.,
Ingram and SVG, who act as resellers of our products to smaller retail outlets. For the fiscal year
ended 2008, our most significant customers were GameStop, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Target and Cokem,
which accounted for approximately 17 , 13 , 13 11 and 10 of our net revenue, respectively.

Competition 

In general, our products compete with other forms of entertainment for the leisure time and
discretionary spending of consumers. These other forms of entertainment include motion pictures,
television and music. More specifically, the market for interactive entertainment products is
highly competitive and relatively few products achieve significant market acceptance. We continue
to face significant competition with respect to our products, which may also result in price
reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. Many of our competitors have
significantly greater financial, marketing and product development resources than we do.

With respect to our video game products, we compete with many other third party publishers in
the handheld, console and value segments. We expect that competition may increase in the future.

Current and future competitors may be able to:

respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer
preferences; 

carry larger inventories; 

gain access to wider distribution channels; 

undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; 

adopt more aggressive pricing policies; 

devote greater resources to securing the rights to valuable licenses and
relationships with leading software developers; 

10 

Table of Contents 

maintain better relationships with licensors and secure more valuable licenses; 

make higher royalty payments; and 

secure more and better shelf space. 

Competitive factors such as the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business.

Seasonality 

The interactive entertainment business is highly seasonal, with sales typically higher during
the peak holiday selling season during the fourth quarter of the calendar year. Traditionally, the
majority of our sales for this key selling period ship in our fiscal fourth and first quarters,
which end on October 31 and January 31, respectively. Significant working capital is
required to finance the manufacturing of inventory of products that ship during these quarters.

Employees 

We
had 90 full-time employees in the United States and 6 full-time employees in the United
Kingdom as of January 26, 2009. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our
relations with our employees to be good.

Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties as described
below. However, the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we may currently deem
immaterial, may become important factors that could harm our business, financial condition or
results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could suffer. 

We have experienced recent net losses and we may incur future net losses, which may cause a
decrease in our stock price. 

We incurred net losses of 4.8 million and 5.4 million in fiscal years 2007 and 2006,
respectively. In 2007 and 2006, the losses were primarily the result of revenues and resulting
gross margins that were not sufficient to meet operating expenses. The 2006 loss was also the
result of impairment charges and higher than normal legal expenses. Going forward, we may not be
able to generate revenues sufficient to offset our costsand may sustain further net losses in
future periods. In addition, although we were profitable in 2008, we may not be able to sustain or
increase our profitability. Continued losses, or an inability to sustain profitability, may have an
adverse effect on our future operating prospects and stock price.

We have experienced volatility in the price of our stock. 

The price of our common stock has experienced significant volatility over the last four years,
and such prices may be higher or lower than the price paid for our shares, depending on many
factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating
performance. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following:

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

actual or anticipated changes in our earnings or fluctuations in our operating
results or changes in the expectations of securities analysts; 

our, or a competitor s, announcement of new products, services or technological
innovations; 

departures of key personnel; 

general economic, political and market conditions and trends; 

11 

Table of Contents 

risks associated with possible disruption in our operations due to terrorism; or 

other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public
announcements and Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 

For example, the market price of our stock has fluctuated widely over the last fiscal year.
Between November 1, 2007, and October 31, 2008, the closing sale price of our common stock ranged
between a high of 1.57 and a low of 0.50, experiencing significant volatility. The historic
market price of our common stock may not be indicative of future market prices. We may not be able
to sustain or increase the value of our common stock. Further declines in the market price of our
stock could adversely affect our ability to retain personnel with stock incentives, to acquire
businesses or assets in exchange for stock and/or to conduct future financing activities with or
involving our common stock.

In addition, purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock could have an unusual effect
on our stock price.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence
in our financial reporting, which could have a negative impact on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to include in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting. Although we believe that we currently have adequate internal controls
procedures in place, we cannot be certain that our internal controls over financial reporting will
remain effective. If we cannot adequately maintain the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting, we may be subject to liability and/or sanctions or investigation by regulatory
authorities, such as the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any such action could adversely affect
our financial results and the market price of our common stock.

Our business activities may require additional financing that might not be obtainable on acceptable
terms, if at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity
and our ability to operate going forward. 

Although there can be no assurance, our management believes that based on our current plan
there are sufficient capital resources from operations, including our factoring and purchase order
financing arrangements, to finance our operational requirements through at least the next twelve
months. If we are unable to maintain profitability, or if unforeseen events occur that would
require additional funding, we may need to raise additional capital or incur debt to fund our
operations. We would expect to seek such capital through sales of additional equity or debt
securities and/or loans from financial institutions, but there can be no assurance that funds will
be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and any sales of additional securities will be
dilutive to investors.

Failure to obtain financing or obtaining financing on unfavorable terms could result in a
decrease in our stock price and could have a material adverse effect on future operating prospects,
or require us to significantly reduce operations.

We may be unable to complete the settlement of our class action and other shareholder litigation. 

In October 2007, we reached agreements to settle the following litigations pending in the
United States District Court, District of New Jersey: (i) a securities class action brought on
behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the Company s securities, (ii) a private securities
action filed by Trinad Capital Master Fund, Ltd., and (iii) a second action filed by Trinad,
purportedly on behalf of the Company. In January 2009, we amended the terms of the settlement of
the class action. These settlements require notice to the shareholder claimants and court approval
to become effective. We have no assurance that the court will approve these

12 

Table of Contents 

settlements and, if it
does not, we may be forced to revert back to disputing the class claims, which may cause us to
incur significant costs.

The issuance of stock in connection with our class action settlement will result in dilution to
existing stockholders and may cause our stock price to decline. 

Under the terms of the amended settlement agreement in the securities class action, we are
required to contribute one million shares of our common stock. The shares being contributed to the
settlement will be distributed to the settlement class if and when the court grants final approval
to the settlement and the settlement becomes effective. At this time, we cannot estimate the
specific timing of the issuance. The issuance of these shares will be dilutive to investors and may
hurt our stock price.

We may not be able to maintain our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our common stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market. This market has continued
listing requirements that we must continue to maintain to avoid delisting. The standards include,
among others, a minimum bid price requirement of 1.00 per share and any of: (i) a minimum
stockholders equity of 2.5 million pursuant to Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(2)(B)(i); (ii) a market
value of listed securities of 35 million pursuant to Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(2)(B)(ii); or (iii)
net income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the most recently completed fiscal year or in
the two of the last three fiscal years pursuant to
Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(2)(B)(iii). Our results of operations and our fluctuating stock price
directly impact our ability to satisfy these listing standards. In the event we are unable to
maintain these listing standards, we may be subject to delisting.

On August 22, 2008, we received a notice from The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. NASDAQ notifying us that for the 30 consecutive trading days preceding the date of the letter, the bid
price of our common stock had closed below the 1.00 per share minimum required for continued
inclusion on the NASDAQ Capital Market pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(4).

The letter also stated that, in accordance with NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(8)(D), we
would be provided 180 calendar days, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement.

In October 2008, in light of the worsening economic conditions of the U.S. and world markets
generally, NASDAQ temporarily suspended the minimum bid price requirement. This temporary
suspension is currently set to expire in April 2009. Accordingly, the period for us to regain
compliance has been extended to August 2009, unless the suspension deadline is further extended.
Compliance is achieved if the bid price per share of our common stock closes at 1.00 per share or
greater for a minimum of ten consecutive trading days.

If we do not achieve compliance within the required period, the Company will be
reevaluated to determine whether it meets the NASDAQ Capital Market s initial listing criteria as
set forth in Marketplace Rule 4310(c), with the exception of the bid price requirement. If the
Company meets the initial listing criteria, which differ from the continued listing criteria, the
NASDAQ staff will notify the Company that it has been granted an additional 180 calendar day
compliance period. If the Company is not eligible for an additional compliance period, the NASDAQ
staff will provide written notification that our securities will be delisted. In that event and at
that time, the Company may appeal the NASDAQ staff delisting determination to a NASDAQ Listing
Qualifications Panel.

A delisting from NASDAQ would result in our common stock being eligible for listing on
the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board (the OTCBB ). The OTCBB is generally considered to be a less
efficient system than markets such as NASDAQ or other national exchanges because of lower trading
volumes, transaction delays and reduced security analyst and news media coverage. These factors
could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our common stock.
Additionally, trading of our common stock on

13 

Table of Contents 

the OTCBB may make us less desirable to institutional
investors and may, therefore, limit our future equity funding options and could negatively affect
the liquidity of our stock.

Customer accommodations could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. 

When demand for our offerings falls below expectations, we may negotiate accommodations to
retailers or distributors in order to maintain our relationships with our customers and access to
our sales channels. These accommodations include negotiation of price discounts and credits against
future orders commonly referred to as price protection. At the time of product shipment, we
establish reserves for price protection and other similar allowances. These reserves are
established according to our estimates of the potential for markdown allowances based upon
historical rates, expected sales, retailer inventories of products and other factors. We cannot
predict with certainty whether existing reserves will be sufficient to offset any accommodations we
will provide, nor can we predict the amount or nature of accommodations that we will provide in the
future. If actual accommodations exceed our reserves, our earnings would be reduced, possibly
materially. Any such reduction may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. The granting of price protection and other allowances reduces our ability to
collect receivables and impacts our availability for advances from our factoring arrangement. The
continued granting of substantial price protection and other allowances may require additional
funding sources to fund operations, but there can be no assurance that such funds will be available
to us on acceptable terms, if at all.

If we do not consistently meet our product development schedules, our operating results will be
adversely affected. 

Our business is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand and a
significant percentage of our sales occurring during the end of the year holiday period. In
addition, we often seek to release our products in conjunction with specific events, such as the
release of a related movie. If we miss these key selling periods for any reason, including product
development delays, our sales will suffer disproportionately. Likewise, if a key event to which our
product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales would also suffer
disproportionately. Our ability to meet product development schedules is affected by a number of
factors, including the creative processes involved, the ability of third party developers to
deliver work in a timely fashion and the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We
have experienced development delays for our products in the past, which caused us to push back
release dates. In the future, any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules would
likely result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, harm
our profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated.

Increased competition for limited shelf space and promotional support from retailers could affect
the success of our business and require us to incur greater expenses to market our products .

Retailers typically have limited shelf space and promotional resources, such as circulars and
in-store advertising, to support any one product among an increasing number of newly introduced
entertainment offerings.

Competition for retail support and shelf space is expected to increase, which may require us
to increase our marketing expenditures or reduce prices to retailers. Competitors with more
extensive lines, popular products and greater financial resources frequently have greater
bargaining power with retailers. Accordingly, we may not be able to achieve or maintain the levels
of support and shelf space that our competitors receive. As a result, sales of our products may be
less than expected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

14 

Table of Contents 

Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to seasonality in the interactive entertainment
industry and other factors related to our business operations could result in substantial losses to
investors. 

We have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant quarterly fluctuations in
sales and operating results. The interactive entertainment market is highly seasonal, with sales
typically significantly higher during the year-end holiday buying season. Other factors that cause
fluctuations in our sales and operating results include:

the timing of our release of new titles as well as the release of our competitors 
products; 

the popularity of both new titles and titles released in prior periods; 

the profit margins for titles we sell; 

the competition in the industry for retail shelf space; 

fluctuations in the size and rate of growth of consumer demand for titles for
different platforms; and 

the timing of the introduction of new platforms and the accuracy of retailers 
forecasts of consumer demand. 

We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not a good
indication of our future performance. We may not be able to maintain consistent profitability on a
quarterly or annual basis. In addition, our operating results may be below the expectations of
public market analysts and investors causing the price of our common stock may fall or
significantly fluctuate.

The global economic downturn could result in a reduced demand for our products and increased
volatility in our stock price. 

Current uncertainty in global economic conditions pose a risk to the overall economy as
consumers and retailers may defer or choose not to make purchases in response to tighter credit and
negative financial news, which could negatively affect demand for our products. Additionally, due
to the weak economic conditions and tightened credit environment, some of our retailers and
distributors may not have the same purchasing power, leading to lower purchases of our games for
placement into distribution channels. Consequently, demand for our products could be materially
different from expectations, which could negatively affect our profitability and cause our stock
price to decline.

The loss of any of our key customers could adversely affect our sales. 

Our sales to Game Stop, Wal-Mart, and Best Buy accounted for approximately 17 , 13 and 13 ,
respectively, of our net revenue for the fiscal year 2008. Although we seek to broaden our customer
base, we anticipate that a small number of customers will continue to account for a large
concentration of our sales given the consolidation of the retail industry. We do not have written
agreements in place with several of our major customers. Consequently, our relationship with these
retailers could change at any time. Our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected if:

we lose any of our significant customers; 

any of these customers purchase fewer of our offerings; 

any of these customers encounter financial difficulties, resulting in the inability
to pay vendors, store closures or liquidation; or

15 

Table of Contents 

we experience any other adverse change in our relationship with any of these
customers. 

Our international business relies on a primary distributor for a significant portion of our
products and the failure of this distributor to perform as expected could materially harm our
results of operations. 

During 2006, 2007 and 2008 we entered into distribution services agreements with other
publishers for exclusive distribution, sales and marketing of video games that we sell
internationally. Our financial performance depends, in part, on the ability of our distribution
partner to successfully sell and distribute our products. If our distribution partner does not
perform adequately, encounters financial difficulties or if we are unable to secure distribution
contracts in the future, our sales and results of operations could suffer.

Our financial results are impacted by exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our international business accounted for approximately 9.3 , 14.5 , and 14.9 of our revenues
during fiscal years 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Sales generated by our international
offices will generally be denominated in the currency of the country in which the sales are made.
To the extent our foreign sales are not denominated in U.S. dollars, our sales and profits could be
materially and adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations.

Significant competition in our industry could continue to adversely affect our business. 

The market for interactive entertainment products is highly competitive and, relatively few
products achieve significant market acceptance. We face significant competition with respect to our
products, which may also result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market
share. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing and product
development resources than we do. As a result, current and future competitors may be able to:

respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer
preferences; 

undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; 

devote greater resources to secure rights to valuable licenses and relationships with
leading software developers; 

gain access to wider distribution channels; and 

have better access to prime shelf space. 

We compete with many other third party publishers in both our handheld and console market
segments. In addition, console and handheld manufacturers, such as Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony,
publish software for their respective platforms. Further, media companies and film studios are
increasing their focus on the video game software market and may become significant competitors. We
expect competition to increase as more competitors enter the interactive entertainment market.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully compete against our current or
future competitors or that competitive pressures will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our business is dependent on the viability of console hardware. 

Our business depends on hardware on which consumers play our games. Our business can be
adversely affected by various factors affecting hardware as follows:

Hardware shortages. The new generation console hardware systems have experienced
hardware shortages, including Nintendo s Wii console. Hardware shortages generally negatively
affect the sales of video games since consumers do not have consoles on which to play the games.

16 

Table of Contents 

Hardware pricing. The new generation console systems are priced higher than each of
their predecessor platforms. The cost of the hardware could adversely affect their sales, which
could negatively affect sales of our products for these platforms, since consumers need a
platform in order to play our games.

Software pricing. Software prices for the new generation console games are higher
than prices for games for the predecessor platforms. There is no assurance that consumers will
continue to pay the higher prices of these games.

Increasing development costs. The introduction of the new generation platforms has
required the development of new software to play on such consoles and new technologies to create
such software. Because the new generation consoles have greater complexity and capabilities than
the predecessor platforms, costs are higher to develop games for new generation consoles. Greater
costs can lead to lower operating margins, negatively affecting our profitability.

Our business is highly dependent on the continued growth of current generation video game platforms
and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms. 

We derive most of our revenue from the sale of products for play on video game platforms
manufactured by third parties, specifically Nintendo s Wii and DS. The success of our business is
dependent upon the continued growth of these platforms and our ability to develop commercially
successful products for these platforms.

Termination or modification of our agreements with hardware manufacturers, who are also competitors
and frequently control the manufacturing of our titles, may adversely affect our business. 

We are required to obtain a license in order to develop and distribute software for each of
the manufacturers of video game hardware. We currently have licenses from Sony to develop products
for PlayStation, PlayStation 2, Playstation 3 and PSP, from Nintendo to develop products for the
GBA, GameCube, the DS, Wii and Micro and from Microsoft to develop products for the Xbox and the
Xbox 360. These licenses are non-exclusive and, as a result, many of our competitors also have
licenses to develop and distribute video game software for these systems. These licenses must be
periodically renewed, and if they are not, or if any of our licenses are terminated or adversely
modified, we may not be able to publish games for such platforms or we may be required to do so on
less attractive terms.

Our contracts with these manufacturers grant them approval rights with respect to new products
and often also grant them control over the manufacturing of our products. While we believe our
relationships with these manufacturers are good, the potential for delay or refusal to approve or
support our products exists, particularly since these manufacturers are also video game publishers
and, hence, are also our competitors. We may suffer an adverse effect on our business if these
manufacturers:

do not approve a project for which we have expended significant resources; 

refuse or are unable to manufacture or ship our products; 

increase manufacturing lead times or delay the manufacturing of our products; or 

require us to take significant risks in prepaying and holding an inventory of
products. 

We may be unable to develop and publish new products if we are unable to secure or maintain
relationships with third party video game software developers. 

We utilize the services of independent software developers to develop the majority of our
video games. Consequently, our success in the video game market depends on our continued ability to
obtain or renew

17 

Table of Contents 

product development agreements with quality independent video game software
developers. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or renew these product
development agreements on favorable terms, or at all, nor can we assure you that we will be able to
obtain the rights to sequels of successful products which were originally developed for us by
independent video game software developers.

Many of our competitors have greater financial resources and access to capital than we do,
which puts us at a competitive disadvantage when bidding to attract independent video game software
developers. We may be unable to secure or maintain relationships with quality independent video
game software developers if our competitors can offer them better shelf access, better marketing
support, more development funding, higher royalty rates, more creative control or other advantages.
Usually, our agreements with independent software developers are easily terminable if either party
declares bankruptcy, becomes insolvent, ceases operations or materially breaches the terms of such
agreements.

In addition, many independent video game software developers have limited financial resources.
Many are small companies with a few key individuals without whom a project may be difficult or
impossible to complete. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk that these developers will go out
of business before completing a project, lose key personnel or simply cease work on a project for
which we have hired them.

If we are unable to maintain or acquire licenses to intellectual property, we may publish fewer
titles and our revenue may decline. 

Many of our video game titles are based on or incorporate intellectual property and other
character or story rights acquired or licensed from third parties. We expect that many of our
future products will also be based on intellectual property owned by others. The cost of acquiring
these licenses is often high, and competition for these licenses is intense. Many of our
competitors have greater resources to capitalize on licensing opportunities. Our licenses are
generally limited in scope to specific platform and/or geographic territories and typically last
for two to three years. We may not be able to obtain new licenses, renew licenses when they expire
or include new offerings under existing licenses. If we are unable to obtain new licenses or
maintain existing licenses that have significant commercial value at reasonable costs, we may
be unable to sustain our revenue growth in the future other than through sales or licensing of our
independently created material.

If we are unable to successfully introduce new products on a timely basis, or anticipate and adapt
to rapidly changing technology, including new hardware platform technology, our business may
suffer. 

A significant component of our strategy is to continue to bring new and innovative products to
market, and we expect to incur significant development, licensing and marketing costs in connection
with this strategy.

The process of introducing new products or product enhancements is extremely complex, time
consuming and expensive, and will become more complex as new platforms and technologies emerge. In
the event we are not successful in developing new titles and other products that gain wide
acceptance in the marketplace, we may not recoup our investment costs in these new products, and
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected as
a result thereof.

Furthermore, interactive entertainment platforms are characterized by rapidly changing
technology. We must continually anticipate the emergence of, and adapt our products to, new
interactive entertainment platforms and technologies. The introduction of new technologies,
including new console and handheld technology, software media formats and delivery channels, could
render our previously released products obsolete, unmarketable or unnecessary. In addition, if we
incur significant expense developing products for a new system that is ultimately unpopular, sales
of these products may be less than expected and we may not be able to recoup our investment.
Conversely, if we choose not to publish products for a new system that becomes popular, our revenue
growth, reputation and competitive position may be adversely affected. Even if we are able to
accurately predict which video game platforms will be most successful, we must deliver and market
offerings that are accepted in our extremely competitive marketplace.

18 

Table of Contents 

Our business is hit driven. If we do not deliver hit titles, or if consumers prefer
competing products, our sales could suffer. 

While many new products are regularly introduced, only a relatively small number of hit 
titles account for a significant portion of net revenue. Competitors may develop titles that
imitate or compete with our hit titles, and take sales away from us or reduce our ability to
command premium prices for those titles. Hit products published by our competitors may take a
larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate which could cause our product sales to fall
below our expectations. If our competitors develop more successful products or offer competitive
products at lower prices, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality and well
received products, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline.

A significant portion of our revenue in 2008 was generated from games based on one licensed
franchise. 

Approximately 46 of our net revenues in 2008 and 37 of our revenues in 2007 were generated
from games based on the Cooking Mama franchise, developed for use on the Nintendo DS and Wii. We
licensed the rights to publish these games from a third party. We have secured rights to publish
other games based on the Cooking Mama character, which are scheduled for release in 2009 and 2010.
However, we cannot guarantee that the new versions will be as successful as the original versions.
If the new versions are not successful, this may have a significant impact on our revenues. In
addition, even if successful, we may be unable to secure the rights to publish further sequels to
these games, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Intellectual property claims may increase our product costs or require us to cease selling affected
products, which could adversely affect our earnings and sales. 

Development of original content, including publication and distribution, sometimes results in
claims of intellectual property infringement. Although we make efforts to ensure our products do
not violate the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may
allege infringement. These claims and any litigation resulting from these claims, could prevent us
from selling the affected product, or require us to redesign the affected product to avoid
infringement or obtain a license for future sales of the affected product. Any of the foregoing
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and future business prospects. Any litigation resulting from these claims could require us to incur
substantial costs and divert significant resources, including the efforts of our technical and
management personnel.

Our intellectual property is vulnerable to misappropriation and infringement which could adversely
affect our business prospects. 

Our business relies heavily on proprietary intellectual property, whether our own or licensed
from third parties. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may
try to copy our products, or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. In addition,
the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as
the law of the United States. Our rights and the additional steps we have taken to protect our
intellectual property may not be adequate to deter misappropriation, particularly given the
difficulty of effectively policing unauthorized use of our properties. If we are unable to protect
our rights in intellectual property, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected.

If our products contain defects, our business could be harmed significantly. 

The products that we publish and distribute are complex and may contain undetected errors when
first introduced or when new versions are released. Despite extensive testing prior to release, we
cannot be certain that errors will not be found in new products or releases after shipment, which
could result in loss of or delay in market acceptance. This loss or delay could significantly harm
our business and financial results.

19 

Table of Contents 

Rating systems for digital entertainment software, potential legislation and consumer opposition
could inhibit sales of our products. 

Trade organizations within the video game industry require digital entertainment software
publishers to provide consumers with information relating to graphic violence, profanity or
sexually explicit material contained in software titles, and impose penalties for noncompliance.
Certain countries have also established similar rating systems as prerequisites for sales of
digital entertainment software in their countries. In some instances, we may be required to modify
our products to comply with the requirements of these rating systems, which could delay the release
of those products in these countries. We believe that we comply with such rating systems and
properly display the ratings and content descriptions received for our titles. Several proposals
have been made for legislation to regulate the digital entertainment software, broadcasting and
recording industries, including a proposal to adopt a common rating system for digital
entertainment software, television and music containing violence or sexually explicit material, and
the Federal Trade Commission has issued reports with respect to the marketing of such material to
minors. Consumer advocacy groups have also opposed sales of digital entertainment software
containing graphic violence or sexually explicit material by pressing for legislation in these
areas, including legislation prohibiting the sale of certain M rated video games to minors, and
by engaging in public demonstrations and media campaigns. Retailers may decline to sell digital
entertainment software containing graphic violence or sexually explicit material, which may limit
the potential market for our M rated products, and adversely affect our operating results. If
any groups, whether governmental entities, hardware manufacturers or advocacy groups, were to
target our M rated titles, we might be required to significantly change or discontinue a
particular title, which could adversely affect our business.

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment industry, and we may
fail to properly assess consumer tastes and preferences, causing product sales to fall short of
expectations. 

Our business is subject to all of the risks generally associated with the entertainment
industry and, accordingly, our future operating results will depend on numerous factors beyond our
control, including the popularity, price and timing of new hardware platforms being released;
economic, political and military conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer spending;
changes in consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment;
and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot be
predicted. A decline in the popularity of certain game genres or particular platforms could cause
sales of our titles to decline dramatically. The period of time necessary to develop new game
titles, obtain approvals of platform licensors and produce finished products is unpredictable.
During this period, consumer appeal for a particular title may decrease, causing product sales to
fall short of expectations.

We have developed international operations, which may subject us to economic, political, regulatory
and other risks. 

Continuing our international operations may subject us to many risks, including:

difficulty in maintaining or finding a suitable distribution partner; 

economic and political instability; 

compliance with foreign and domestic laws and regulations; 

changes in foreign and domestic legal and regulatory requirements or policies
resulting in burdensome government controls, tariffs, restrictions, embargoes or export
license requirements; 

currency fluctuations; 

difficulties in staffing and managing our international operations; 

20 

Table of Contents 

less favorable foreign intellectual property laws making it more difficult to protect
our properties from appropriation by competitors; 

potentially adverse tax treatment; 

difficulties with distributors; 

difficulties collecting our accounts receivable; and 

relying on limited business relationships. 

Our failure to manage or address any of these could adversely affect our business.

If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct
our business. 

The market for technical, creative, marketing and other personnel essential to the
development and marketing of our products and management of our businesses is extremely
competitive. We are frequently competing for this talent with other companies with greater
resources. Our ability to operate within this highly competitive interactive entertainment
industry is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain our employees. If we cannot
successfully recruit and retain the employees we need, or replace key employees following
their departure, our ability to develop and manage our businesses will be impaired.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 

Not applicable.

Item 2. Properties . 

We lease 21,250 square feet of office, development and storage space located at 160 Raritan
Center Parkway, Edison, NJ 08837. The lease, which costs approximately 28,510 per month, plus
taxes, insurance and operating costs, expires on October 31, 2009.

We lease 900 square feet of office space in Europe, located at City Point, Temple Gate,
BS16PL, Bristol, UK. This lease costs approximately 10,000 per month and is renewable, on a six
month basis.

As of January 4, 2008, we lease 5,974 square feet of office space at 2121 Cloverfield Blvd.,
Santa Monica, CA 90404 for our development studio. This lease, which costs approximately 13,740
per month, plus taxes, insurance and operating costs, expires on December 31, 2010.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 

On
September 27, 2007, we entered into settlement agreements to settle the following
litigations pending in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey: (i) a securities
class action brought on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the Company s securities; (ii)
a private securities action filed by Trinad Capital Master Fund, Ltd.; and (iii) a second action
filed by Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company.

On
January 16, 2009, we entered into an amendment to the securities class action
settlement agreement. Under the terms of the settlement agreement in the securities class action,
as amended, which is subject to notice to the shareholder claimants
and court approval, our insurance carrier will make a cash payment, we will make cash payments of
 466,667 in January 2009 and 233,333 in May 2009, and we will contribute one million
shares of our common stock. The shares will be distributed to the settlement claimants if and when
the court grants final approval of the settlement and the settlement becomes effective. 

21 

Table of Contents 

The amended settlement terms reduce the overall costs of the settlement to the Company, in
addition to reducing the number of shares that would have been issued under the original
settlement.

The
settlement of the private securities claim in the action brought by Trinad, on its own
behalf, provides that our insurance carrier will make a cash payment to Trinad, subject to
final approval of the class action settlement by the Court.

The settlement agreement in the action filed by Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company,
will not result in a payment to the Company. Plaintiff s attorneys will not receive any fees in
connection with the settlement. As a result of the filing of this
lawsuit by Trinad, we
have taken actions which we and Trinad believe will benefit our shareholders and address
some of the issues raised in the lawsuit. This settlement is subject
to notice to our
shareholders and to court approval.

As previously disclosed, on July 26, 2007, Charlie Bolton filed a complaint against the
Company and several current and former directors and officers of the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. The allegations in the complaint are similar to
those in the class action and Trinad Capital s action against the Company and several current and
former directors and officers discussed above. On September 16,
2008, we entered into a
settlement with Bolton providing for a cash payment from insurance proceeds, and the action has
been dismissed with prejudice.

We at times may be a party to other routine claims and suits in the ordinary course of
business. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, the outcome of such
routine claims would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations or liquidity.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders . 

Not applicable.

22 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities . 

Our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol COOL. 
Prior to March 13, 2006, our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Prior to January
26, 2005, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. The market for our common stock
has often been sporadic, volatile and limited.

The following table shows the high and low bid quotations for our common stock as reported by
the Nasdaq Capital Market from November 1, 2006 through October 31, 2008. The prices reflect
inter-dealer quotations, without retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not represent
actual transactions.

High 
 
 Low 

Fiscal Year 2007 

First Quarter

2.13 

1.23 

Second Quarter

1.76 

1.13 

Third Quarter

2.37 

1.43 

Fourth Quarter

2.39 

1.24 

Fiscal Year 2008 

First Quarter

1.64 

0.86 

Second Quarter

1.50 

0.95 

Third Quarter

1.40 

0.80 

Fourth Quarter

1.25 

0.36 

Holders of Common Stock. On January 20, 2009, we had approximately 265 registered holders of
record of our common stock. On January 28, 2009, the closing sales price of our common stock as
reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was 0.71 per share.

Dividends and dividend policy. We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common
stock and we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock at the present time. We
currently intend to retain earnings, if any, for use in our business. We do not anticipate paying
dividends in the foreseeable future.

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. The information called for
by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2009
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days after our October
31, 2008 fiscal year end.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

All prior sales of unregistered securities have been previously reported on a Current Report
on Form 8-K.

23 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

The following tables summarize certain selected consolidated financial data, which should be
read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and
with management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included
elsewhere in this report. All financial information presented reflects as appropriate the 1-for-7
reverse stock split of our common stock, which occurred on December 31, 2004.

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Consolidated Statement of
Operations Data: 

Net revenues

63,887 

50,967 

66,683 

59,716 

120,984 

Cost of sales (1) 

40,798 

33,682 

46,858 

61,101 

86,242 

Gross (loss) profit

23,089 

17,285 

19,825 

(1,385) 

34,742 

Operating expenses (2) 

20,312 

21,114 

22,820 

68,805 

22,630 

Operating income (loss)

2,777 

(3,829) 

(2,995) 

(70,190) 

12,112 

Interest and financing costs, net

649 

1,552 

2,371 

1,869 

2,806 

Other non-operating (income)
expense (3) 

(1,250) 

(611) 

48 

19,068 

Income (loss) before income taxes

3,378 

(4,770) 

(5,366) 

(72,107) 

(9,762) 

Provision (benefit) for income
taxes

26 

(1,207) 

1,424 

Net income (loss)

3,352 

(4,770) 

(5,366) 

(70,900) 

(11,186) 

Net income (loss)
attributable to common
stockholders (4) 

3,352 

(4,770) 

(5,366) 

(72,000) 

(15,388) 

Net income (loss) attributable
to common
stockholders per share:

Basic and Diluted

0.12 

(0.20) 

(0.24) 

(3.48) 

(1.84) 

Weighted average shares
outstanding:

Basic and Diluted

27,547,211 

23,891,860 

22,616,419 

20,686,863 

8,385,657 

October 31 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 

(in thousands) 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents

5,505 

7,277 

3,794 

2,407 

4,170 

Working capital

6,702 

2,834 

977 

3,757 

8,915 

Total assets

23,570 

16,313 

15,011 

30,703 

43,952 

Non-current liabilities

211 

1,460 

Dividend payable in common stock

1,261 

Stockholders equity

7,137 

2,591 

1,749 

4,761 

13,785 

(1) 
 
 Cost of sales, in 2005, includes: (i) charges of 10.5 million to recognize impairments to
the carrying value of products released in 2005; and (ii) 5.1 million for reserves for slow
moving inventory. Cost 

24 

Table of Contents 

of sales in 2004 includes charges of 500,000 to recognize impairments to the carrying value of
products released in 2004. 

(2) 
 
 Operating expenses include: (i) for 2008, a settlement of litigation and related charges, net
of (1.6) million, and a provision for software development costs of 0.1 million; (ii) for
2007, a settlement of litigation and related charges, net of 2.8 million, a gain from
settlement of liabilities of 0.3 million and a provision for software development costs of
 0.1 million; (iii) for 2006, a gain from settlement of liabilities and other of 4.8 million,
and a loss in impairment of software development costs of 2.4 million; (iv) for 2005, a
charge for an accounts receivable write-off of 0.3 million, 26.3 million to write-off
capitalized costs related to video games for which development was stopped or impaired, a
provision for severance of 1.4 million, and a loss of 1.4 million related to a legal
settlement; and (v) for 2004, charges for an accounts receivable write-off of 0.6 million,
non-cash compensation of 0.3 million, and a gain of 1.2 million related to the renegotiation
of our 2003 litigation settlement. 

(3) 
 
 Other non-operating expense includes: (i) for 2008, a gain from a change in fair value of
warrants of 1.3 million; (ii) for 2007, a gain from a change in fair value of warrants of
 0.6 million; (iii) for 2005, a realized loss on foreign exchange of 48,000; and (iv) for
2004, expenses related to the merger of 0.3 million, an unrealized loss on a foreign exchange
contract of 0.3 million and a non-cash charge of 18.5 million related to the change in fair
value of warrants issued in connection with the private placement. 

(4) 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders includes: (i) for 2005, a 1.1 million
non-cash charge related to warrants exercised at a discount; and (ii) for 2004, a non-cash
charge of 0.8 million related to a deemed dividend, a preferred stock dividend requirement of
 1.3 million payable in common stock and a 2.2 million non-cash charge related to the fair
value of warrants issued in connection with lock-up agreements by certain stockholders. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations together with Selected Consolidated Financial Data and our consolidated financial
statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K . This
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set
forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K . 

Overview 

We are a provider of interactive entertainment products. We sell our products primarily to
large retail chains, specialty retail stores, video game rental outlets and distributors. We also
sell our products internationally through distribution agreements with other publishers. We have
developed our retail and distribution network over our 22-year history.

We publish video game software for most major interactive entertainment hardware platforms,
including Nintendo s Wii, Game Boy Advance, or GBA, DS, Sony s PlayStation 2, or PS2, and
PlayStation Portable, or PSP, Microsoft s Xbox, Xbox 360, the personal computer, or PC, and other
mobile devices.

Our video game titles are targeted at various demographics at a range of price points, from
lower-priced value titles to more expensive premium titles. In some instances, these titles
are based on licenses of well known properties, and in other cases based on original properties. We
collaborate and enter into agreements with content providers and video game development studios for
the creation of the majority of our video games.

25 

Table of Contents 

Our business model and product strategy is primarily focused on games with relatively lower
development costs for both console and handheld systems targeting mass market consumers. We
believe this strategy allows us to capitalize on our strengths and expertise while reducing some of
the cost and risk associated with publishing a large number of premium console titles. We continue
to publish titles for popular handheld systems such as the DS and PSP. We also publish software for
Nintendo s Wii console, as we believe this platform allows us to develop games within our cost
parameters, while enabling us to reach mass-market consumers. In addition, we continue to look
opportunistically for titles to publish on the PC and other home console systems.

We license rights to intellectual property used in our video games from third parties and work
with third party development studios to develop our own proprietary video game titles. In 2007, we
opened our own development studio to develop video games. However, we expect to continue to use
third party studios for the significant majority of our video game development.

Net Revenues . Our revenues are principally derived from sales of our video games. We primarily
provide video games for the mass market and casual game player. Our revenues are recognized net of
estimated reserves for price protection and other allowances.

Cost of Sales. Cost of sales consists of product costs and amortization of software
development costs and license fees. A significant component of our cost of sales is product costs.
These are comprised primarily of manufacturing and packaging costs of the disc or cartridge media,
royalties to the platform manufacturer and manufacturing and packaging costs of peripherals.
Commencing upon the related product s release, capitalized software development and intellectual
property license costs are amortized to cost of sales.

Gross Profit. Gross Profit is the excess of net revenues over product costs and amortization
of software development and license fees. Development and license fees incurred to produce video
games are generally incurred up front and amortized to cost of sales. The recovery of these costs
and total gross profit is dependent upon achieving a certain sales volume, which varies by title.
Our value titles are generally characterized as having lower gross profit margin potential than
premium titles as a result of their lower sales price and, carry lower financial risk associated
with the recovery of upfront development and license fees as compared with premium game titles.

Product Research and Development Expenses. Product research and development expenses relate
principally to our cost of supervision of third party video game developers, testing new products
and conducting quality assurance evaluations during the development cycle as well as costs incurred
at our development studio that are not allocated to games for which technological feasibility has
been established. Costs incurred are employee-related, may include equipment, and are not allocated
to cost of sales.

Selling and Marketing Expenses. Selling and marketing expenses consist of marketing and
promotion expenses, the cost of shipping products to customers and related employee costs. A
component of these expenses is credits to retailers for trade advertising.

General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses primarily represent
employee related costs, including corporate executive and support staff, general office expenses,
professional fees and various other overhead charges. Professional fees, including legal and
accounting expenses, typically represent the second largest component of our general and
administrative expenses. These fees are partially attributable to our required activities as a
publicly traded company, such as SEC filings.

Interest and Financing Costs. Interest and financing costs are directly attributable to our
factoring and our purchase-order financing arrangements.

26 

Table of Contents 

Provision Benefit) for Income Taxes . Utilization of our net operating loss NOL carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the change in ownership 
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net
operating loss carryforwards before utilization. Due to our history of losses, a valuation
allowance sufficient to fully offset our NOL and other deferred tax assets has been established
under the provisions of SFAS No. 109, and this valuation allowance will be maintained until
sufficient positive evidence exists to support its reversal.

Seasonality and Variations in Interim Quarterly Results 

Our quarterly net revenues, gross profit, and operating income are impacted significantly by
the seasonality of the retail selling season, and the timing of the release of new titles. Sales of
our catalog and other products are generally higher in the first and fourth quarters of our fiscal
year (ending January 31 and October 31, respectively) due to increased retail sales during the
holiday season. Sales and gross profit as a percentage of sales also generally increase in quarters
that we release significant new titles because of increased sales volume as retailers make
purchases to stock their shelves and meet initial demand for the new release. These quarters also
benefit from the higher selling prices that we are able to achieve early in the product s life
cycle. For example, sales and gross profit during the three months ended January 31, 2008 benefited
from strong holiday sales of our existing products, and the release of Cooking Mama 2 for the DS.
Therefore, sales results in any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of expected results for
subsequent quarters during the fiscal year.

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations is based upon
our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could
differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and to the
understanding of our financial results. The impact and any associated risks related to these
policies on our business operations is discussed throughout management s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations where such policies affect our reported and expected
financial results.

Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue upon the shipment of our product when: (1) title and
risk of loss are transferred; (2) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (3) we have no
continuing obligations to the customer; and (4) the collection of related accounts receivable is
probable. Some of our software products provide limited online features at no additional cost to
the consumer. Generally, we have considered such features to be incidental to our overall product
offerings and an inconsequential deliverable. Accordingly, we do not defer any revenue related to
products containing these limited online features. However, in instances where online features or
additional functionality is considered a substantive deliverable in addition to the software
product, such characteristics will be taken into account when applying our revenue recognition
policy.

Reserves for Price Protection and Other Allowances. We generally sell our products on a
no-return basis, although in certain instances, we may provide price protection or other allowances
on certain unsold products in accordance with industry practices. Price protection, when granted
and applicable, allows customers a partial credit with respect to merchandise unsold by them.
Revenue is recognized net of

27 

Table of Contents 

estimates of these allowances. Sales incentives and other consideration that represent costs
incurred by us for assets or services received, such as the appearance of our products in a
customer s national circular advertisement, are generally reflected as selling and marketing
expenses. We estimate potential future product price protection and other discounts related to
current period product revenue. Generally our price protection for premium-priced titles is higher
than that needed for our value titles.

Our reserves for price protection and other allowances fluctuate over periods as a result of a
number of factors including analysis of historical experience, current sell-through of retailer
inventory of our products, current trends in the interactive entertainment market, the overall
economy, changes in customer demand and acceptance of our products and other related factors.
Significant management judgments and estimates must be made and used in connection with
establishing the allowance for returns and price protection in any accounting period. However,
actual allowances granted could materially exceed our estimates as unsold products in the
distribution channels are exposed to rapid changes in consumer preferences, market conditions,
technological obsolescence due to new platforms, product updates or competing products. For
example, the risk of requests for allowances may increase as consoles pass the midpoint of their
lifecycle and an increasing number of competitive products heighten pricing and competitive
pressures. While management believes it can make reliable estimates regarding these matters, these
estimates are inherently subjective. Accordingly, if our estimates change, this will result in a
change in our reserves, which would impact the net revenues and/or selling and marketing expenses
we report. For the twelve month periods ended October 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, we provided
allowances for future price protection and other allowances of 2.6 million, 2.0 million, and 3.8
million, respectively. The fluctuations in the provisions reflected our estimates of future price
protection based on the factors discussed above. We do not have significant exposure to credit risk
as we factor our receivables to a third party that generally buys our receivables without recourse.

Software Development Costs and Prepaid License Fees. We account for software development costs
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard SFAS No. 86, Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold,
Leased, or Otherwise Marketed FAS 86 ). Software development costs include development fees,
in the form of milestone payments made to independent software developers, and direct payroll and
overhead costs for our internal development studio. Software development costs are capitalized once
technological feasibility of a product is established and management expects such costs to be
recoverable against future revenues. For products where proven game engine technology exists, this
may occur early in the development cycle. Technological feasibility is evaluated on a
product-by-product basis. Amounts related to software development that are not capitalized are
charged immediately to product research and development costs. Commencing upon a related product s
release capitalized software development costs and prepaid license fees are amortized to cost of
sales based upon the higher of (i) the ratio of current revenue to total projected revenue or (ii)
straight-line charges over the expected marketable life of the product.

Prepaid license fees represent license fees to holders for the use of their intellectual
property rights in the development of our products. Minimum guaranteed royalty payments for
intellectual property licenses are initially recorded as an asset (prepaid license fees) and a
current liability (accrued royalties payable) at the contractual amount upon execution of the
contract or when specified milestones or events occur and when no significant performance remains
with the licensor. Capitalized software development costs classified as non-current relate to
titles for which we estimate the release date to be more than one year from the balance sheet date.
Licenses are expensed to cost of sales at the higher of (1) the contractual royalty rate based on
actual sales or (2) an effective rate based upon total projected revenue related to such license.

When, in management s estimate, future cash flows will not be sufficient to recover previously
capitalized costs, we expense these capitalized costs to cost of sales software development costs
and license fees. As of October 31, 2008, the net carrying value of our licenses and software
development costs was

28 

Table of Contents 

6.8 million. If we were required to write off licenses, due to changes in market conditions
or product acceptance, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

The amortization period for capitalized software development costs and prepaid license fees is
usually no longer than one year from the initial release of the product. If actual revenues or
revised forecasted revenues fall below the initial forecasted revenue for a particular license, the
charge to cost of sales may be larger than anticipated in any given quarter. The recoverability of
capitalized software development costs and prepaid license fees is evaluated quarterly based on the
expected performance of the specific products to which the costs relate. When, in management s
estimate, future cash flows will not be sufficient to recover previously capitalized costs, we
expense these capitalized costs to cost of sales. Significant management judgments and estimates
are utilized in the assessment of the recoverability of capitalized costs. In evaluating the
recoverability of capitalized costs, the assessment of expected product performance utilizes
forecasted sales amounts and estimates of additional costs to be incurred to complete and publish
the product.

Prepaid license fees and milestone payments made to our third party developers are typically
considered non-refundable advances against the total compensation they can earn based upon the
sales performance of the products. Any additional royalty or other compensation earned beyond the
milestone payments is expensed to cost of sales as incurred.

Inventory. Inventory, which consists principally of finished goods, is stated at the lower of
cost or market. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method. We estimate the net
realizable value of slow-moving inventory on a title-by-title basis and charge the excess of cost
over net realizable value to cost of sales.

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued SFAS No. 123 (revised 2004), Share Based Payment SFAS 123(R) ). SFAS 123(R)
requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be
recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values. We adopted SFAS 123(R) on
November 1, 2005 using the modified prospective transition method, which requires that compensation
cost be recognized for all awards granted, modified or settled after the effective date as well as
for all awards granted to employees prior to the effective date that remain unvested as of the
effective date.

Commitments and Contingencies. We account for commitments and contingencies in accordance with
financial accounting standards board Statement No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies. We record a
liability for commitments and contingencies when the amount is both probable and reasonably
estimable.

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our results of operations expressed as a percentage of total
revenues:

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Net revenues

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of sales

Product costs

45.2 

50.9 

48.4 

Software development costs and license fees

18.7 

15.2 

21.9 

Gross profit

36.1 

33.9 

29.7 

Operating expenses

Product research and development

5.1 

4.5 

3.9 

Selling and marketing

13.5 

14.6 

16.4 

General and administrative

15.0 

16.4 

16.9 

Depreciation and amortization

0.5 

0.6 

0.6 

Settlements, loss on impairments and other expenses (income)

(2.3) 

5.3 

(3.6) 

29 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Operating income (loss)

4.3 

(7.5) 

(4.5) 

Interest and financing costs and other non-operating expenses

1.0 

1.9 

3.6 

Income (Loss) before income taxes

5.3 

(9.4) 

(8.1) 

Benefit from income taxes

Net income (loss)

5.3 

(9.4) 

(8.1) 

The following table sets forth the components of Settlements, loss on impairments and other
expenses (income) for the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006.

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

(Gain) on settlements

(266) 

(4,753) 

Settlement of litigation and related charges, net

(1,572) 

2,822 

Loss on impairment of software development costs

101 

154 

2,375 

Balance end of year

(1,471) 

2,710 

(2,378) 

The following table sets forth the source of net revenues, by game platform, for the previous three
fiscal years, in millions:

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

of 

of 

of 

Net 

Total Net 

Net 

Total Net 

Net 

Total Net 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Console: 

Wii

21.8 

34.0 

10.0 

19.6 

PS2

0.6 

1.0 

3.5 

6.9 

12.5 

18.7 

Xbox

0.1 

0.2 

1.6 

3.2 

10.5 

15.7 

22.5 

35.2 

15.1 

29.7 

23.0 

34.4 

Handheld: 

DS

39.4 

61.7 

28.3 

55.5 

16.3 

24.4 

GBA

0.1 

0.1 

2.8 

5.6 

18.7 

28.0 

PSP

0.7 

1.1 

1.5 

3.0 

2.3 

3.4 

40.2 

62.9 

32.6 

64.1 

37.3 

55.8 

other (a) 

1.2 

1.9 

3.3 

6.2 

6.4 

9.8 

Total 

63.9 

100.0 

51.0 

100.0 

66.7 

100.0 

(a) 
 
 Consists primarily of revenue related to sales of plug and play DDR product in 2008 and 2007;
90 minute videos in 2006; 45 minute videos and plug and play games in 2006. 

Year ended October 31, 2008 versus year ended October 31, 2007 

Net Revenues. Net revenues for the year ended October 31, 2008 increased to 63.9 million from
 51.0 million in the comparable period last year. The 12.9 million increase is primarily due to
increased revenue from a greater number of new releases for the Nintendo Wii platform from two in
2007 to nine in 2008, and the release of Cooking Mama 2 for the Nintendo DS. The addition of this
new title, in addition to continued re-orders for our previously released titles, Cooking Mama for
the Nintendo DS and Cooking 

30 

Table of Contents 

Mama Cook-off for the Nintendo Wii, have led to increased revenues for the franchise overall,
when compared to the prior year.

Gross Profit. Gross profit for the year ended October 31, 2008 was 23.1 million compared to a
gross profit of 17.3 million in the same period last year. The increase in gross profit is
primarily attributable to the higher net revenues discussed above. Gross profit as a percentage of
net sales was 36.1 for the year ended October 31, 2008 compared to 33.9 for the year ended
October 31, 2007. The increase in gross profit is attributable to a higher gross margin on new
releases and the impact of 0.8 million of revenues related to the satisfaction of minimum purchase
commitments for our Dance Dance Revolution or DDR, dance mat product, for which there was no cost
of sales.

Product Research and Development Expenses. Research and development costs increased 1.0
million to 3.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2008 from 2.3 million for the comparable
period in 2007. The increase is the result of the opening of our new development studio, additional
testers to support growth in our product lineup and personnel to support our internet based
initiatives. We capitalized approximately 1.1 million of expenses related to the internal
development of video games for year ended October 31, 2008.

Selling and Marketing Expenses. Total selling and marketing expenses increased from 7.4
million for the year ended October 31, 2007 to 8.6 million for the year ended October 31, 2008.
The increase is primarily due to higher media costs associated with the release of new titles, and
variable fulfillment and sales commission expenses related to higher sales during the year ended
October 31, 2008 as compared to 2007. Selling and marketing expense as a percentage of net sales
was approximately 13.5 and 14.6 for the year ended October 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

General and Administrative Expenses. For the year ended October 31, 2008 general and
administrative expenses were 9.5 million, an increase of 1.1 million from 8.4 million in the
comparable period in 2007. The increase is primarily due to higher compensation expenses resulting
from incentive compensation plans and a charge to bad debt expense of 0.3 million related to the
bankruptcy of the Circuit City retail chain. Our incentive compensation plan is primarily based on
net income generated by the Company. During 2007 we generated a net loss, resulting in lower
incentive compensation expense. General and administrative excpenses include 1.6 million and 1.5
million of non-cash compensation expenses for the year ended October 31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.

Settlement of Litigation and Related Charges, net. On September 27, 2007, we entered into
settlement agreements to settle the following litigations pending in the United States District
Court, District of New Jersey: (i) a securities class action brought on behalf of a purported class
of purchasers of our securities; (ii) a private securities action filed by Trinad Capital Master
Fund, Ltd.; and (iii) a second action filed by Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company.

On January 16, 2009, we entered into an amendment to the securities class action settlement
agreement. Under the terms of the settlement agreement in the securities class action, as amended,
which is subject to notice to the shareholder claimants and court approval, our insurance carrier
will make a cash payment, we will make cash payments of 466,667 in January 2009 and 233,333 in
May 2009 and we will contribute one million shares of our common stock. The shares being contributed to
the settlement will be distributed to the settlement claimants if and when the court grants final
approval of the settlement and the settlement becomes effective. 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2007, we recorded a 2.8 million charge in
connection with the expected settlement of the class action litigation, based on the terms of the
original settlement. The charge is comprised of 2.5 million, representing the fair value, on the
date the agreement was executed, of the common stock expected to be distributed when the settlement
becomes effective and 0.3 million

31 

Table of Contents 

representing the increase in the value of the shares since that date. During the year ended
October 31, 2008, we recorded a gain on litigation settlement of 0.3 million representing the
decline in the value of the shares to be issued under the settlement, as if it occurred on October
31, 2008.

The estimated settlement liability was adjusted at October 31, 2008, to reflect the terms of
the amended settlement agreement entered into on January 16, 2009. Accordingly an additional gain
on settlement of litigation of 1.3 million was recorded during the year ended October 31, 2008.
The total estimated liability at October 31, 2008 is
 1.3 million, comprised of the 0.7 million in
cash payments, and 0.6 million representing 1.0 million shares of common stock at the closing
market price of 0.55 at that date. The value of the common stock on the date the shares are issued
may be different than 0.55, resulting in further adjustment to the settlement liability.

The settlement of the private securities claim in the action brought by Trinad, on its own
behalf, provides that our insurance carrier will make a cash payment to Trinad, subject to final
approval of the class action settlement by the court.

The settlement agreement in the action filed by Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company,
will not result in a payment to us. Plaintiff s attorneys will not receive any fees in connection
with the settlement. As a result of the filing of this lawsuit by Trinad, we have taken actions
which it and Trinad believe will benefit the Company s shareholders and address some of the issues
raised in the lawsuit. This settlement is subject to notice to the Company s shareholders and to
court approval.

Since the settlements are subject to notice to shareholders and to court approval, there is
no assurance that the settlements described above will be consummated. Further if these settlements
are not achieved, there can be no assurance that our insurance will be adequate to cover our costs
relating to these litigations. Any expenses incurred in connection with such litigation not covered
by available insurance or any adverse resolution of such litigation could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition.

As previously disclosed, on July 26, 2007, Charlie Bolton filed a complaint against the
Company and several current and former directors and officers of the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. The allegations in the complaint are similar to
those in the class action and Trinad Capital s action against the Company and several current and
former directors and officers discussed above. On September 16, 2008, the Company entered into a
settlement with Bolton providing for a cash payment from insurance proceeds and the action has been
dismissed, with prejudice.

There is no assurance that the settlement described above will be achieved, and if not
achieved, there can be no assurance that our insurance will be adequate to cover our costs relating
to the litigation. Any expenses incurred in connection with the litigation not covered by available
insurance or any adverse resolution of such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition.

Operating Income (Loss ). Operating income for the year ended October 31, 2008 was 2.8
million, compared to an operating loss of 3.8) million for the year ended October 31, 2007. The
increase in operating income primarily resulted from the impact of the higher net revenue, higher
gross profit, and decrease in settlement of litigation charges, partially offset by the increased
operating expenses also discussed above.

Interest and Financing Costs, Net. Interest and financing costs decreased to 0.6 million for
the year ended October 31, 2008 from 1.6 million for the year ended October 31, 2007. The decrease
of 1.0 million is the result of a lower percentage of our inventory purchases being financed
through letters of credit as a result of an equity financing completed in September 2007, and lower
factoring fees.

32 

Table of Contents 

Change in Fair Value of Warrants. On September 5, 2007 we issued warrants in connection with
an equity financing. The warrants contain a provision that may require settlement by transferring
assets. Therefore, they are recorded at fair value as liabilities in accordance with FASB statement
No. 150, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and
Equity , and FASB Staff position 150-1 Issuers Accounting for Freestanding Financial Instruments
Composed of More Than One Option or Forward Contract Embodying Obligations under FASB Statement
150 .

We recorded income of 1.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2008, reflecting the
decrease in fair value of the warrants during that period.

Income Taxes. For the year ended October 31, 2008, we only provided for alternative minimum
taxes because our net operating loss carryforwards exceeded our taxable income. For the year ended
October 31, 2007, we did not record any income tax benefit because realization of the resulting
loss carryforwards can not be assured.

Net Income (Loss ). Net income for the year ended October 31, 2008 was 3.4 million, an
increase of 6.9 million from a net loss of 4.8) million for the comparable period in 2007. This
increase is primarily due to the increased operating income, the reduction in settlement of
litigation and related charges, net, the reduction of net interest and financing expenses and the
change in fair value of warrants discussed above.

Year ended October 31, 2007 versus year ended October 31, 2006 

Net Revenues. Net revenues for the year ended October 31, 2007 decreased to 51.0 million from
 66.7 million in the comparable period last year. The 15.7 million decrease is primarily due to
lower revenues from the sale of GBA video movies and value or closeout video games. During 2006, we
released two 90 minute video movies for the Nintendo GBA handheld system and we changed our focus
to handheld and console games with lower development, royalty and marketing expense requirements.

Gross Profit. Gross profit for the year ended October 31, 2007 was 17.3 million compared to a
gross profit of 19.8 million in the same period last year. The decrease in gross profit was
primarily attributable to the lower net revenues discussed above. Gross profit as a percentage of
net sales was 33.9 for 2007 compared to 29.7 for 2006. The increase in gross profit as a percent
of net sales is primarily attributable to a decrease in software development and licensing fees as
a percent of net sales, as a result of our shift in strategy away from publishing higher priced
premium games.

Product Research and Development Expenses. Research and development costs decreased 0.3
million to 2.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2007 from 2.6 million for the comparable
period in 2006. The decrease is principally the result of a reduction in the number of quality
assurance employees in January 2006, as we changed our focus to games with shorter development
times and relatively lower development costs.

Selling and Marketing Expenses. Total selling and marketing expenses decreased to 7.4 million
for the year ended October 31, 2007 from 10.9 million for the same period in 2006. The 3.5
million decrease was primarily due to a decrease in media and other marketing costs associated with
premium games that were launched in the quarter ended January 31, 2006. In addition, the variable
selling and marketing costs such as commissions, also decreased due to lower revenues in 2007.
Selling and marketing expense as a percentage of net sales was approximately 15 for the year ended
October 31, 2007, compared to 16 in the prior year.

General and Administrative Expenses. For the year ended October 31, 2007 general and
administrative expenses were 8.4 million, a decrease of 2.9 million from 11.3 million for the
year ended October 31, 2006. The decrease is primarily due to lower legal and stock based
compensation costs. During 2006, we recorded legal expenses of approximately 1.2 million related
to stockholder and other litigation that were below the deductibles in our insurance policies, or
otherwise not reimbursable. We recorded 1.5

33 

Table of Contents 

million of stock based compensation expense related to SFAS 123(R) during 2007 compared to
 2.2 million during 2006.

Settlements, loss on impairments and other expenses (gains) . Settlements, loss on impairments
and other expenses (gains) increased from a loss of 2.7 million for the year ended October 31,
2007 to a gain of (2.4) million for the year ended October 31, 2006. The 5.1 million increase is
primarily due to a 2.8 million non-cash charge related to the settlement of litigation in 2007 and
a decrease in gains on the settlement of accounts payable of 4.5 million, partially offset by a
decrease in impairment charges of 2.2 million.

As discussed in Item 3, during the quarter ended October 31, 2007, we entered into settlement
agreements to settle the following litigations pending in the United States District Court,
District of New Jersey: (i) a securities class action brought on behalf of a purported class of
purchasers of the Company s securities; (ii) a private securities action filed by Trinad Capital
Master Fund, Ltd.; and (iii) a second action filed by Trinad purportedly on behalf of the Company.

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2007, we recorded a 2.8 million charge in
connection with the expected settlement of the class action litigation discussed above. The charge
is comprised of 2.5 million, representing the fair value, on the date the settlement agreement was
executed, of the common stock expected to be distributed when the settlement becomes effective, and
 0.3 million, representing the increase in the value of the shares since that date.

On January 16, 2009, we entered into an amendment to the securities class action settlement
agreement. Under the terms of the settlement agreement in the securities class action, as amended,
which is subject to notice to the shareholder claimants and court approval, our insurance carrier
will make a cash payment, we will make cash payments of 466,667 in January 2009 and 233,333 in
May 2009, and we will contribute one million shares of our common stock. The shares being
contributed to the settlement will be distributed to the settlement claimants if and when the court
grants final approval of the settlement and the settlement becomes effective. 

There is no assurance that the settlements described above will be achieved, and if not
achieved, there can be no assurance that our insurance will be adequate to cover our costs relating
to the litigation. Any expenses incurred in connection with the litigation not covered by available
insurance or any adverse resolution of such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and future viability.

Gains on settlement of liabilities for the year ended October 31, 2007 consist of the
settlement of marketing accounts payable for less than the invoice amount. Gains on settlement of
liabilities for the year ended October 31, 2006 consist of 1.5 million related to negotiated
reductions in royalty payments due for certain video and video game titles, 0.5 million gain on
the sale of the rights to certain video game titles, and 2.8 million gain on the settlement of
legal and marketing and development accounts payable for less than the invoice amount.

Operating Loss. Operating loss for the year ended October 31, 2007 was 3.8 million, compared
to an operating loss of 3.0 million for the year ended October 31, 2006. The increase in operating
loss of 0.8 million, was primarily due to the increase of 5.1 million in settlements, impairments
and other expenses (gains) discussed above, partially offset by the positive impact of higher gross
margin percentages and lower operating expenses of 5.9 million.

Interest and Financing Costs, Net. Interest and financing costs decreased to 1.5 million for
the year ended October 31, 2007 from 2.4 million for the 2006. The decrease is the result of lower
factoring fees and a reduction in the amount of inventory financing.

34 

Table of Contents 

Change in fair value of Warrants. As discussed in note 10 to our financial statements, we
recorded income of 0.6 million for the twelve months ended October 31, 2007, reflecting the
decrease in fair value of warrants issued in connection with a private placement of our equity
securities in September 2007.

Income Taxes. We did not record any income tax benefit because realization of the resulting
loss carryforwards cannot be assured.

Net Loss. Net Loss for the year ended October 31, 2007 was 4.8 million, a decrease of 0.6
million from a net loss of 5.4 million for the comparable period in 2006. The decrease in net loss
was primarily due to a charge for the settlement of litigation in 2007 of 2.8 million and
decreased gain on settlement of liabilities and other gains of 4.5 million, partially offset by
lower operating expenses discussed above and a 2.2 million decrease in impairment charges.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We generated net income of 3.4 million in 2008. However, we incurred a net loss of 4.8
million in 2007. Historically, we have funded our operating losses through sales of our equity and
use of our purchase order financing and factor arrangements. We raised approximately 6.0 million
in gross proceeds from the sale of our equity securities in September 2007.

Our current plan is to fund our operations through product sales. However, we may be required
to modify that plan, or seek outside sources of financing if our operating plan and sales targets
are not met. There can be no assurance that such funds will be available on acceptable terms, if at
all. In the event that we are unable to negotiate alternative financing, or negotiate terms that
are acceptable to us, we may be forced to modify our business plan materially, including making
more reductions in game development and other expenditures. Management believes it can operate
under the existing level of financing for at least one year. However, if the current level of
financing was reduced and we were unable to obtain alternative financing, it could create a
material adverse change in the business.

While our cash and cash equivalents balance was 5.5 million as of October 31, 2008, we expect
continued volatility in the use and availability of cash due to the seasonality of our business,
timing of receivables collections and working capital needs necessary to finance our business and
growth objectives.

To satisfy our liquidity needs, we factor our receivables. We also utilize purchase order
financing through the factor and through a finance company to provide funding for the manufacture
of our products. In connection with these arrangements, the finance company and the factor have a
security interest in substantially all of our assets.

Under our factoring agreement we have the ability to take cash advances against accounts
receivable and inventory of up to 20.0 million, and the availability of up to 2.0 million in
letters of credit. The factor, in its sole discretion, can reduce the availability of financing at
anytime. In addition, we have 10.0 million of availability for letters of credit and purchase
order financing with another lender.

Factoring and Purchase Order Financing. As mentioned above, to provide liquidity, we take
advances from our factor and utilize purchase order financing to fund the manufacturing of our
products.

Under the terms of our factoring agreement, we assign our accounts receivable to the factor.
The factor, in its sole discretion, determines whether or not it will accept a receivable based on
its assessment of its credit risk. Once a receivable is accepted by the factor, the factor assumes
substantially all of the credit risk associated with the receivable. The factor is required to
remit payments to us for the assigned accounts receivable in accordance with the terms of the
assigned invoice, regardless of whether the factor receives payment on the receivable, so long as
the customer does not have a valid dispute related to the invoice. The amount remitted to us by the
factor equals the invoiced amount adjusted for allowances and discounts we have provided to the
customer less factor charges of 0.5 of invoiced amounts for these credit and

35 

Table of Contents 

collection services. In certain cases, we assign accounts receivable to the factor to provide
collection services and to serve as collateral for advances, however, the company retains the
credit risk.

Manufacturers require us to present a letter of credit, or pay cash in advance, in order to
manufacture the products required under a purchase order. Currently, we utilize letters of credit
either from a finance company or our factor. The finance company charges 1.5 of the purchase order
amount for each transaction for 30 days, plus administrative fees. Our factor provides purchase
order financing at a cost of 0.5 of the purchase order amount for each transaction for 30 days.
Additional charges are incurred if letters of credit remain outstanding in excess of the original
time period and/or the financing company is not paid at the time the products are received. When
our liquidity position allows, we will pay cash in advance instead of utilizing purchase order
financing. This results in reduced financing and administrative fees associated with purchase order
financing.

In addition, we may request that the factor provide us with cash advances based on our
accounts receivable and inventory. The factor may either accept or reject our request for advances
at its discretion. Amounts to be paid to us by the factor for any assigned receivable are offset by
any amounts previously advanced by the factor. As our needs require, we may request that the factor
advance 80 of the eligible receivables, and advance 60 of inventory up to a maximum of 3.5
million. The interest rate is prime plus 1.5 . In certain circumstances, an additional 1 is
charged for advances against inventory.

Advances from Customers. On a case by case basis, distributors and other customers have agreed
to provide us with cash advances on their orders. These advances are then applied against future
sales to these customers. In exchange for these advances, we offer these customers beneficial
pricing or other considerations.

Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations. The following table summarizes our minimum
guarantees and other contractual obligations as of October 31, 2008:

Payments due by period 

Total of 

Less than 

1 3 

payments 

one year 

Years 

(in thousands) 

Contractual Obligations 

Operating leases

735 

528 

207 

Software development (1)

5,061 

4,961 

100 

5,796 

5,489 

307 

Commercial Obligations 

Letters of credit (2)

500 

500 

Total Obligations 

6,296 

5,989 

307 

(1) 
 
 Payable only upon achievement of certain milestones. 

(2) 
 
 Arising under purchase order assignments for inventory purchases. 

On September 27, 2007, we entered into settlement agreements to settle the following
litigations pending in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey: (i) a securities
class action brought on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our securities; (ii) a private
securities action filed by Trinad Capital Master Fund, Ltd.; and (iii) a second action filed by
Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company.

On January 16, 2009, we entered into an amendment to the securities class action settlement
agreement. Under the terms of the settlement agreement in the securities class action, as amended,
which is subject to notice to the shareholder claimants and court approval, our insurance carrier
will make a cash payment, we

36 

Table of Contents 

will make cash payments of 466,667 in January 2009 and 233,333 in May 2009, and we will
contribute one million shares of our common stock. The shares being contributed to the settlement
will be distributed to the settlement claimants if and when the court grants final approval of the
settlement and the settlement becomes effective. 

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2007, we recorded a 2.8 million charge in
connection with the expected settlement of the class action litigation, based on the terms of the
original settlement. The charge is comprised of 2.5 million, representing the fair value, on the
date the agreement was executed, of the common stock expected to be distributed when the settlement
becomes effective and 0.3 million representing the increase in the value of the shares since that
date. During the year ended October 31, 2008, we recorded a gain on litigation settlement of 0.3
million representing the decline in the value of the shares to be issued under the settlement, as
if it occurred on October 31, 2008.

The estimated settlement liability was adjusted at October 31, 2008 to reflect the terms of
the amended settlement agreement entered into on January 16, 2009. Accordingly an additional gain
on settlement of litigation of 1.3 million was recorded during the year ended October 31, 2008.
The total estimated liability at October 31, 2008 is 1.3 million, comprised of the 0.7 million
cash payments, and 0.6 million representing 1.0 million shares of common stock at the closing
market price of 0.55 at that date. The value of the common stock on the date the shares are issued
may be different than 0.55, resulting in further adjustment to the settlement liability.

The settlement of the private securities claim in the action brought by Trinad on its own
behalf provides that our insurance carrier will make a cash payment to Trinad, subject to final
approval of the class action settlement by the Court.

The settlement agreement in the action filed by Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company,
will not result in a payment to us. Plaintiff s attorneys will not receive any fees in connection
with the settlement. As a result of the filing of this lawsuit by Trinad, we have taken actions
which it and Trinad believe will benefit our shareholders and address some of the issues raised in
the lawsuit. This settlement is subject to notice to our shareholders and to court approval.

Since the settlements are subject to notice to shareholders and to court approval, there is
no assurance that the settlements described above will be consummated. Further if these settlements
are not achieved, there can be no assurance that our insurance will be adequate to cover our costs
relating to these litigations. Any expenses incurred in connection with such litigation not covered
by available insurance or any adverse resolution of such litigation could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition.

As previously disclosed, on July 26, 2007, Charlie Bolton filed a complaint against the
Company and several current and former directors and officers of the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. The allegations in the complaint are similar to
those in the class action and Trinad Capital s action against the Company and several current and
former directors and officers discussed above. On September 16, 2008, we entered into a settlement
with Bolton providing for a cash payment from insurance proceeds, and the action has been
dismissed, with prejudice.

At times, we may be a party to other routine claims and suits in the ordinary course of
business. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, the outcome of such
routine claims would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial
condition, and results of operations or liquidity.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of October 31, 2008, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.

37 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 

Cash and cash equivalents were 5.5 million as of October 31, 2008 compared to 7.3 million at
October 31, 2007. Working capital as of October 31, 2008 was 6.7 million compared to 2.8 million
at October 31, 2007.

Operating Cash Flows. Our principal operating source of cash is from the sales of our
interactive entertainment products. Our principal operating uses of cash are for payments
associated with third party developers of our software; costs incurred to manufacture, sell and
market our video games and general and administrative expenses.

For the year ended October 31, 2008, we used approximately 2.7 million from operations. The
increase in cash used in operating activities is primarily due to increased capitalized software
development and royalties due to an increase in the number of games in development.

For the year ended October 31, 2007, we used approximately 0.8 million for operations. The
decrease in cash provided by operating activities reflects a decrease in cash from the sale of
certain video game rights, partially offset by our change in strategy to develop and market video
games with lower upfront development and license acquisition costs.

For the year ended October 31, 2006, we generated approximately 0.2 million from operations.
The cash provided by operating activities reflects our change in strategy to video games with lower
upfront development and license acquisition costs. Included in cash from operations is
approximately 9.1 million from the sale of the rights to certain video game titles that were in
development.

Investing Cash Flows. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended October 31, 2008,
2007 and 2006 are primarily related to purchases of computer equipment and leasehold improvements
of 0.3, 0.2, and 0.2 million, respectively.

Financing Cash Flows. Net Cash generated by financing activities in 2008 consists of an
increase in purchase order financing.

Net cash generated by financing activities for the year ended October 31, 2007 consists
primarily of net proceeds from the private placement of our equity securities of 5.8 million (see
note 10 to the financial statements), offset by the repayment of purchase order financing.

Net cash generated by financing activities for the year ended October 31, 2006 was 1.4
million and consisted of proceeds from purchase order financing.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 

We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates
and interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from changes in market rates and
prices. Foreign exchange contracts used to hedge foreign currency exposure are subject to market
risk. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative
purposes.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

The financial statements required by Item 8 are submitted in a separate section of this
report, beginning on Page F-1, are incorporated herein and made a part hereof.

38 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure . 

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report.

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.

No system of controls can prevent errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our
company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur. Controls can also be circumvented by
individual acts of some people, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with its
policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Subject to the limitations above, management believes that the consolidated financial
statements and other financial information contained in this report, fairly present in all material
respects our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented.

Based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) were effective at a
reasonable assurance level. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or that are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information . 

Not applicable.

39 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

The information required by Part III of Form 10-K under:

Item 10 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. 

Item 11 Executive Compensation. 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters. 

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to the 2009 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days after our October 31, 2008
fiscal year end.

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . 

(a) (1) Financial Statements .

The financial statements required by item 15 are submitted in a separate section of
this report, beginning on Page F-1, incorporated herein and made a part hereof.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules .

Schedules have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are
required or because the required information is included in the financial statements or
notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits .

The following exhibits are filed with this report, or incorporated by reference as noted:

3.1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
June 14, 2005). 

3.2

Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2005). 

4.1

Securities Purchase and Registration Rights Agreement dated as
of August 29, 2007 by and among Majesco Entertainment Company
and the Investors named therein (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
September 5, 2007). 

4.2

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to investors
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2007). 

10.1

Lease Agreement, dated as of February 2, 1999, by and between
160 Raritan Center Parkway, L.L.C. and Majesco Sales Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2004). 

10.2

Escrow Agreement, dated February 19, 2004, by and among Majesco
Holdings Inc., Jesse Sutton, Joseph Sutton, Adam Sutton, Morris
Sutton, on behalf of Sarah Sutton and American Stock Transfer
and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to
an Amendment to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on
October 19, 2004). 

40 

Table of Contents 

10.3

Factoring Agreement, dated April 24, 1989, between Majesco Sales
Inc. and Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 22, 2004). 

10.4

Amendment to Factoring Agreement, dated March 18, 1999, between
Majesco Sales Inc. and Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on October 22, 2004). 

10.5

Amendment to Factoring Agreement, dated September 30, 2004,
between Majesco Sales Inc. and Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2004). 

10.6

Assignment of Monies Due Under Factoring Agreement, dated
July 21, 2000, by and among Majesco Sales Inc., Rosenthal 
Rosenthal, Inc. and Transcap Trade Finance (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on October 22, 2004). 

10.7

Master Purchase Order Assignment Agreement, dated July 21, 2000,
between Majesco Sales Inc. and Transcap Trade Finance
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2004). 

10.8

Sixth Amendment to Master Purchase Order Assignment Agreement,
dated September 12, 2003, by and between Transcap Trade Finance
and Majesco Sales Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 22, 2004). 

10.9

Seventh Amendment to Master Purchase Order Assignment Agreement,
dated October 16, 2003, by and between Transcap Trade Finance
and Majesco Sales Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.7 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 22, 2004). 

10.10

Eighth Amendment to Master Purchase Order Assignment Agreement,
dated April 14, 2004, by and between Transcap Trade Finance and
Majesco Sales Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2004). 

10.11

Guaranty and Pledge Agreement, dated July 21, 2000, by and among
Jesse Sutton, Joseph Sutton, Morris Sutton, Adam Sutton and
Transcap Trade Finance (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.9 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 22, 2004). 

#10.12

Amended and Restated 2004 Employee, Director and Consultant
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2005). 

#10.13

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
filed on June 14, 2005). 

#10.14

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
filed on June 14, 2005). 

#10.15

Employment Agreement, dated June 27, 2005, by and between
Majesco Entertainment Company and John Gross (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
filed on September 14, 2005). 

10.16

Amendment to Factoring Agreement, dated October 18, 2005
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed on February 1, 2006). 

#10.17

Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2007, between Gui Karyo
and Majesco Entertainment Company (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
February 6, 2007). 

41 

Table of Contents 

#10.18

2007 Executive Officer Incentive Bonus Program (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on May 14, 2007). 

10.19

License and Distribution Agreement dated as of April 13, 2007 by
and between Majesco Europe Limited and Eidos Interactive Limited
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2007). 

#10.20

2008 Executive Officer Incentive Bonus Program (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on February 15, 2008). 

#10.21

Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 15, 2008). 

#10.22

Employment Agreement, dated January 8, 2008, between Jesse
Sutton and Majesco Entertainment Company (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 13, 2008). 

10.23

Amendment, dated October 1, 2008, to the Factoring Agreement,
dated April 24, 1989, between Majesco Sales Inc. and Rosenthal 
Rosenthal, Inc. 

16.1

Letter from Goldstein Golub Kessler LLP (GGK) to the Company,
notifying the Company that the partners of GGK became partners
of McGladrey Pullen, LLP in a limited asset purchase agreement
and that GGK resigned as independent registered public
accounting firm for the Company, dated October 26, 2007
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2007). 

16.2

Letter furnished by Goldstein Golub Kessler LLP in response to
the Company s request, addressed to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, dated November 1, 2007, indicating their agreement
with the statements contained in the Current Report on Form 8-K
filing dated November 1, 2007 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 16.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
1, 2007). 

21.1

Subsidiaries 

23.1

Consent of McGladrey Pullen, LLP 

23.2

Consent of Goldstein Golub Kessler LLP 

31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1

Section 1350 Certificate of President and Chief Financial Officer 

# 
 
 Constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

(b) Exhibits. 

See (a)(3) above. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules. 

See (a)(2) above. 

42 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

By: 
 /s/ Jesse Sutton,

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: January 29, 2009 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jesse Sutton

Jesse Sutton

Chief Executive Officer and Director

January 29, 2009 

/s/ John Gross

John Gross

Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer)

January 29, 2009 

/s/ Allan Grafman

Allan Grafman

Chairman of the Board

January 29, 2009 

/s/ Laurence Aronson

Laurence Aronson

Director

January 29, 2009 

/s/ Louis Lipschitz

Louis Lipschitz

Director

January 29, 2009 

/s/ Mark Stewart

Mark Stewart

Director

January 29, 2009 

/s/
Stephen Wilson

Stephen Wilson

Director 

January 29, 2009 

43 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2, F-3 

Consolidated balance sheets October 31, 2008 and 2007 

F-4 

Consolidated statements of operations Years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

F-5 

Consolidated statements of stockholders equity and accumulated other comprehensive
loss Years ended October 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 

F-6 

Consolidated statements of cash flows Years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

F-7 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-8 F-25 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Majesco Entertainment Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Majesco Entertainment Company and
subsidiary as of October 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity and accumulated other comprehensive loss, and cash flows for the years then
ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Majesco Entertainment Company and subsidiary as of
October 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We were not engaged to examine management s assessment of the effectiveness of Majesco
Entertainment Company and subsidiary s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31,
2008, included in the accompanying Controls and Procedures and, accordingly, we do not express an
opinion thereon.

McGladrey
 Pullen, LLP New York, New York 
January 29, 2009

F-2 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Majesco Entertainment Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity,
and cash flows of Majesco Entertainment Company and subsidiary for the year ended October 31, 2006.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of Majesco Entertainment Company and
subsidiary for the year ended October 31, 2006 in conformity with United States generally accepted
accounting principles.

As disclosed in Note 2, the Company changed its method of accounting for stock-based
compensation, effective November 1, 2005.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as
a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
losses that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plan in regard to these matters in also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty.

GOLDSTEIN GOLUB KESSLER LLP 
New York, New York 
January 19, 2007

F-3 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except share data) 

October 31, 

2008 

2007 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

5,505 

7,277 

Accounts and other receivables

3,032 

670 

Inventory

5,619 

3,850 

Capitalized software development costs and license fees, current portion

6,812 

2,171 

Prepaid expenses

1,956 

1,128 

Total current assets 

22,924 

15,096 

Property and equipment net

563 

568 

Capitalized software development costs and license fees, net of current
portion

549 

Other assets

83 

100 

Total assets 

23,570 

16,313 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

10,697 

7,488 

Share-based litigation settlement

1,250 

2,822 

Due to factor

983 

1,527 

Customer billings due to distribution partner

1,487 

Inventory financing payables

1,540 

Advances from customers

265 

425 

Total current liabilities 

16,222 

12,262 

Warrant liability

211 

1,460 

Stockholders equity:

Common stock .001 par value; 250,000,000 share
authorized; 30,127,950 and 28,675,962
issued and outstanding at October 31, 2008 and
October 31, 2007 respectively

30 

29 

Additional paid in capital

101,722 

100,201 

Accumulated deficit

(94,172) 

(97,524) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(443) 

(115) 

Net stockholders equity 

7,137 

2,591 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

23,570 

16,313 

See accompanying notes

F-4 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(in thousands, except share data) 

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net revenues 

63,887 

50,967 

66,683 

Cost of sales 

Product costs

28,881 

25,936 

32,259 

Software development costs and license fees

11,917 

7,746 

14,599 

40,798 

33,682 

46,858 

Gross profit 

23,089 

17,285 

19,825 

Operating costs and expenses 

Product research and development

3,306 

2,311 

2,607 

Selling and marketing

8,628 

7,421 

10,910 

General and administrative

9,549 

8,376 

11,251 

Depreciation and amortization

300 

296 

430 

Gain on settlements

(266) 

(4,753) 

Settlement of litigation and related charges, net

(1,572) 

2,822 

Loss on impairment of software development costs

101 

154 

2,375 

20,312 

21,114 

22,820 

Operating income (loss) 

2,777 

(3,829) 

(2,995) 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest and financing costs, net

649 

1,552 

2,371 

Change in fair value of warrants

(1,250) 

(611) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

3,378 

(4,770) 

(5,366) 

Income taxes

26 

Net income (loss) 

3,352 

(4,770) 

(5,366) 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic and diluted

0.12 

(0.20) 

(0.24) 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted

27,547,211 

23,891,860 

22,616,419 

See accompanying notes

F-5 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
(in thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Other 

Net 

- .001 par value 

Paid In 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Number 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

Balance October 31, 2005 

22,242,476 

22 

92,158 

(87,388) 

(31) 

4,761 

Issuance of common stock in connection
with:

Settlement of accounts payable

116,442 

126 

126 

Restricted stock grants directors

71,393 

127 

127 

Restricted stock grants employees

997,151 

1 

114 

115 

Non-cash compensation charges stock
options

1,818 

1,818 

Issuance of warrants for services

186 

186 

Net loss

(5,366) 

(5,366) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(18) 

(18) 

Total comprehensive loss

(5,384) 

Balance October 31, 2006 

23,427,462 

23 

94,529 

(92,754) 

(49) 

1,749 

Issuance of common stock in connection
with:

Settlement of accounts payable

238,562 

365 

365 

Restricted stock grants 
employees and directors

727,438 

1 

732 

733 

Exercise of stock options

33,334 

49 

49 

Non-cash compensation charges stock
options

773 

773 

Private placement of securities

4,244,335 

4 

3,743 

3,747 

Issuance of common stock for assets

4,831 

1 

10 

11 

Net loss

(4,770) 

(4,770) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(66) 

(66) 

Total comprehensive loss

(4,836) 

Balance October 31, 2007 

28,675,962 

29 

100,201 

(97,524) 

(115) 

2,591 

Issuance of common stock in connection
with:

Cost of private placement of
securities

(40) 

(40) 

Restricted stock grants directors

181,397 

191 

191 

Restricted stock grants, net 
employees

1,354,731 

1 

1,132 

1,133 

Non-cash compensation charges stock
options

233 

233 

Issuance of warrants for services

77 

77 

Treasury stock to be retired

(84,140) 

(72) 

(72) 

Net income

3,352 

3,352 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(328) 

(328) 

Total comprehensive income

3,024 

Balance October 31, 2008 

30,127,950 

30 

101,722 

(94,172) 

(443) 

7,137 

See accompanying notes

F-6 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(in thousands) 

Year Ended October 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss)

3,352 

(4,770) 

(5,366) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by
operating activities:

Change in fair value of warrants

(1,250) 

(611) 

Depreciation and amortization

315 

296 

430 

Amortization of capitalized software development costs and prepaid licenses fees

6,122 

3,116 

11,051 

Non-cash compensation expense

1,558 

1,505 

2,246 

Warrant issued for services

77 

Write-off of accounts receivable

255 

Share-based litigation settlement

(1,572) 

2,822 

Gain on settlements

(266) 

(4,753) 

Loss on impairment of software development costs

101 

154 

2,375 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities

Due to/from factor net

(544) 

2,716 

(8,153) 

Accounts and other receivables

(2,806) 

2,433 

(2,481) 

Inventory

(1,769) 

(1,412) 

5,620 

Capitalized software development costs and prepaid license fees

(10,362) 

(4,501) 

2,863 

Income tax receivable

826 

Prepaid expenses

(833) 

1,097 

(1,718) 

Other assets

(17) 

(18) 

9 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

3,314 

(2,791) 

(3,204) 

Customer billings due to distribution partner

1,487 

Advances from customers

(126) 

(536) 

477 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

(2,698) 

(766) 

222 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property and equipment

(314) 

(163) 

(207) 

Net cash used in investing activities

(314) 

(163) 

(207) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

49 

Treasury stock, to be retired

(72) 

Inventory financing

1,540 

(1,390) 

1,390 

Proceeds from private placement, net of expenses

(40) 

5,819 

Net cash provided by financing activities

1,428 

4,478 

1,390 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents

(188) 

(66) 

(18) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

(1,772) 

3,483 

1,387 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year

7,277 

3,794 

2,407 

Cash and cash equivalents end of year

5,505 

7,277 

3,794 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for interest

676 

1,638 

2,285 

Cash paid during the year for income taxes

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON CASH INVESTING AND
FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of common stock in payment of accounts payable

365 

126 

Issuance of common stock for assets

11 

Change in warrant liability incurred on private placement

(1,250) 

2,071 

See accompanying notes

F-7 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The following financial statements present the financial results of Majesco Entertainment
Company and its wholly owned UK subsidiary Majesco or Company on a consolidated basis.

2. PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITY 

The Company is a provider of interactive entertainment products. The Company s offerings
include video game software and other digital entertainment products.

The Company s products provide it with opportunities to capitalize on the large and growing
installed base of interactive entertainment platforms and an increasing number of interactive
entertainment enthusiasts. The Company sells its products directly and through resellers, primarily
to U.S. retail chains, including Best Buy, GameStop/Electronics Boutique, Target, Toys R Us and
Wal-Mart. Majesco also sells products internationally through partnerships with international
publishers. The Company has developed retail and distribution network relationships over its more
than 22-year history.

Majesco provides offerings for most major interactive entertainment hardware platforms,
including Nintendo s Game Boy Advance, or GBA, DS, Micro, GameCube and Wii, Sony s PlayStation 2,
or PS2, and PlayStation Portable, or PSP, Microsoft s Xbox and Xbox 360, and the personal computer,
or PC.

Majesco s offerings include video game software and other digital entertainment products. The
Company s operations involve similar products and customers worldwide. These products are developed
and sold domestically and internationally. The Company is centrally managed and the chief operating
decision makers, the chief executive and other officers, use consolidated and other financial
information supplemented by sales information by product category, major product title and platform
for making operational decisions and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, the Company
operates in a single segment. Net sales by geographic region were as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

United States

57,932 

90.7 

43,564 

85.5 

56,743 

85.1 

Europe

5,955 

9.3 

7,403 

14.5 

9,940 

14.9 

Total

63,887 

100.0 

50,967 

100.0 

66,683 

100.0 

3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of Consolidation. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary located in the United Kingdom. Significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Revenue Recognition. The Company recognizes revenue upon the shipment of its products when:
(1) title and risk of loss are transferred; (2) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (3)
there are no continuing obligations to the customer; and (4) the collection of related accounts
receivable is probable. Some of the Company s software products provide limited online features at
no additional cost to the consumer. Generally, such features have been considered to be incidental
to the Company s overall product offerings and an inconsequential deliverable. Accordingly, the
Company does not defer any revenue related to products containing these limited online features.
However, in instances where online features or additional functionality is considered a substantive
deliverable in addition to the software product, such characteristics will be taken into account
when applying the Company s revenue recognition policy.

The Company has an arrangement in which it distributes video games published by another
company for a fee based on the gross sales of their products. The Company does not take title to
the inventory in the

F-8 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

transaction, however the Company does warehouse, ship and invoice the customer. The Company
records accounts receivable based on the gross amount of the amount billed and an amount payable to
the distribution partner for the amount billed, less the Company s distribution fee and certain
expenses. The Company records revenue for these services at the net amount earned because it is
acting as an agent for the principal in the transaction as defined by EITF 99-19. The Company has
recorded approximately 0.3 million of fees for the year ended October 31, 2008, approximately 2.1
million in accounts receivable due from its factor at October 31, 2008, and 1.5 million in amounts
payable to distribution partner at October 31, 2008.

The Company generally sells its products on a no-return basis, although in certain instances,
the Company may provide price protection or other allowances on certain unsold products. Price
protection, when granted and applicable, allows customers a partial credit against amounts they owe
the Company with respect to merchandise unsold by them. Revenue is recognized net of estimates of
these allowances.

The Company estimates potential future product price protection and other allowances related
to current period product revenue. The Company analyzes historical experience, current sell through
of retailer inventory of the Company s products, current trends in the video game market, the
overall economy, changes in customer demand and acceptance of the Company s products and other
related factors when evaluating the adequacy of price protection and other allowances.

Sales incentives or other consideration given by the Company to customers that are considered
adjustments of the selling price of its products, such as rebates and product placement fees, are
reflected as reductions of revenue. Sales incentives and other consideration that represent costs
incurred by the Company for assets or services received, such as the appearance of the Company s
products in a customer s national circular ad, are reflected as selling and marketing expenses.

Shipping and handling, which consist principally of transportation charges incurred to move
finished goods to customers, amounted to 0.8 million, 0.7 million and 0.5 million and are
included in selling expenses for the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Software Development Costs and Intellectual Property Licenses. Software development costs
include milestone payments made to independent software developers under development arrangements.
Software development costs are capitalized once technological feasibility of a product is
established and it is determined that such costs should be recoverable against future revenues. For
products where proven game engine technology exists, this may occur early in the development cycle.
Technological feasibility is evaluated on a product-by-product basis. Amounts related to software
development that are not capitalized are charged immediately to product research and development
costs. Prepaid license fees represent license fees to holders for the use of their intellectual
property rights in the development of the Company s products. Minimum guaranteed royalty payments
for intellectual property licenses are initially recorded as an asset (prepaid license fees) and a
current liability (accrued royalties payable) at the contractual amount upon execution of the
contract when no significant performance remains with the licensor. Capitalized software
development costs classified as non-current relate to titles for which the Company estimates the
release date to be more than one year from the balance sheet date.

Commencing upon the related product s release, capitalized software development and prepaid
license fees are amortized to cost of sales based upon the higher of (i) the ratio of current
revenue to total projected revenue or (ii) the straight-line method. The amortization period is
usually no longer than one year from the initial release of the product. The recoverability of
capitalized software development costs and prepaid license fees is evaluated based on the expected
performance of the specific products for which the costs relate. The following criteria are used to
evaluate expected product performance: historical performance of comparable products using
comparable technology; orders for the product prior to its release; and estimated performance of a
sequel product based on the performance of the product on which the sequel is based.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Significant management judgments and estimates are utilized in the assessment of when
technological feasibility is established, as well as in the ongoing assessment of the
recoverability of capitalized costs. If revised forecasted or actual product sales are less than
and/or revised forecasted or actual costs are greater than the original forecasted amount utilized
in the initial recoverability analysis, the net realizable value may be lower than originally
estimated in any given quarter, which could result in an impairment charge.

For the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Company charged operations 0.1, 0.2
and 2.4 million, respectively to write-off capitalized costs related to video games for which
development was stopped.

Advertising Expenses. The Company generally expenses advertising costs as incurred except for
production costs associated with media campaigns that are deferred and charged to expense at the
first run of the ad. Advertising costs charged to operations were 1.6 million, 1.4 million and
 5.0 million for the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.

Income taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method using
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (''SFAS No. 109, ''Accounting for Income Taxes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on
deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
that includes the enactment date.

Stock Based Compensation. In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(''FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (R) (revised 2004),
''Share-Based Payment which revised Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
''Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation . This statement supersedes Opinion No. 25, ''Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees. The revised statement addresses the accounting for share-based
payment transactions with employees and other third parties, eliminates the ability to account for
share-based compensation transactions using APB 25 and requires that the compensation costs
relating to such transactions be recognized in the statement of operations. The revised statement
has been implemented by the Company effective November 1, 2005.

Non
cash compensation expenses accounted for under SFAS No. 123 (R) were 1.6, 1.5 and 2.2
million for the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

F-10 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following assumptions:

October 31, 
 
 October 31, 
 
 October 31, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Risk free annual interest rate

3.3 

4.6 

4.30 

Expected volatility

65 

107 

90 

Expected life

4.25 years 
 
 4.25 years 
 
 5 years 

Assumed dividends

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Effective November 1, 2005, the Company adopted SFAS No. 123 (R) utilizing the modified
prospective method. SFAS No. 123 (R) requires the recognition of stock-based compensation expense
in the financial statements.

Under the modified prospective method, the provisions of SFAS No. 123 (R) apply to all awards
granted or modified after the date of adoption. In addition, the unrecognized expense of awards not
yet vested at the date of adoption, determined under the original provisions of SFAS 123, Accounting for Stock Based Compensation , shall be recognized in net earnings in the periods
after the date of adoption. Stock based compensation consists primarily of stock options. Stock
options are granted to employees at exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the Company s
stock at the dates of grant. Stock options generally vest over three years and have a term of seven
years. Compensation expense for stock options is recognized on a straight line basis over the
vesting period of the award.

The fair value for options issued was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The risk free rate was derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect
at the time of the grant. The volatility factor was determined based on the company s historical
stock prices and those of comparable companies. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was
developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition, option-pricing models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company s
employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options
and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value
estimate, in management s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

Cash and cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with
insignificant rate risk and with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase.

At various times, the Company had deposits in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit. The Company has not experienced any losses on these accounts.

Inventory. Inventory, which consists primarily of finished goods, is stated at the lower of
cost as determined by the first-in, first-out method, or market. The Company estimates the net
realizable value of slow-moving inventory on a title-by-title basis and charges the excess of cost
over net realizable value to cost of sales.

Property and equipment. Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation and
amortization is being provided for by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets. Amortization of leasehold improvements is provided for over the shorter of the term of
the lease or the life of the asset.

Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities or the disclosure of gain or
loss contingencies at the date

F-11 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Among the more significant estimates included in these financial statements are
the estimated customer allowances, the valuation of inventory and the recoverability of advance
payments for software development costs and intellectual property licenses. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Foreign Currency Translation. The functional currency of the Company s foreign subsidiary is
its local currency. All assets and liabilities of the Company s foreign subsidiary are translated
into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the end of the year, and revenue and operating
expenses are translated at weighted average exchange rates during the year. The resulting
translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the statement of
stockholders equity.

Earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net
income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share has not been presented
for the periods because the impact of the conversion or exercise, as applicable, of the following
warrants and stock options outstanding at the end of each period would be anti-dilutive.

October 31, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Warrants (1)

1,922,735 

1,854,877 

2,220,687 

Stock options

1,352,610 

1,167,191 

1,527,494 

Unit
purchase option (see Note 11)

388,734 

388,734 

(1) 
 
 During the twelve months ended October 31, 2007, warrants to purchase 2,063,545 shares of
common stock expired and warrants to purchase 1,697,735 shares of common stock related to an
equity financing were issued (see Note 12). 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements. In September 2006, FASB issued SFAS No. 157 '' Fair Value
Measurements. This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value
in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value
measurements. This Statement applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit
fair value measurements, the Board having previously concluded in those accounting pronouncements
that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. Accordingly, this Statement does not require
any new fair value measurements. However, for some entities, the application of this Statement will
change current practice. This Statement is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after November 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Management
is currently evaluating the effect of this pronouncement on its financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R), Business Combinations (''SFAS 141(R) ),
which establishes principles and requirements for how the acquirer: (a) recognizes and measures in
its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any
non-controlling interest in the acquiree; (b) recognizes and measures the goodwill acquired in the
business combination or a gain from a bargain purchase; and (c) determines what information to
disclose to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects
of the business combination. SFAS 141(R) requires contingent consideration to be recognized at its
fair value on the acquisition date and, for certain arrangements, changes in fair value to be
recognized in earnings until settled. SFAS 141(R) also requires acquisition-related transaction and
restructuring costs to be expensed rather than treated as part of the cost of the acquisition. SFAS
141(R) applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after
the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and will
impact the Company s financial statements only in the event of such a business combination.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
Liabilities (''SFAS 159 ). SFAS 159 provides companies with an option to report selected financial
assets and liabilities at fair value, and establishes presentation and disclosure requirements
designed to facilitate comparisons between companies that choose different measurement attributes
for similar types of assets and liabilities. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the
adoption of SFAS 159 on its financial position and results of operations.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Non-controlling Interests in Consolidated
Financial Statements an Amendment of ARB No. 51 (''SFAS 160 ), which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for the non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of
a subsidiary. SFAS 160 clarifies that a non-controlling interest in a subsidiary is an ownership
interest in the consolidated entity that should be reported as equity in the consolidated financial
statements. SFAS 160 also requires consolidated net income to be reported at amounts that include
the amounts attributable to both the parent and the non-controlling interest. It also requires
disclosure, on the face of the consolidated statement of income, of the amounts of consolidated net
income attributable to the parent and to the non-controlling interest. SFAS 160 also provides
guidance when a subsidiary is deconsolidated and requires expanded disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements that clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent s
owners and the interests of the non-controlling owners of a subsidiary. SFAS 160 is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15,
2008. Management believes this Statement will have no impact on the financial statements of the
Company once adopted.

In March 2008, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 161, Disclosures About Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities , which amends and expands the disclosure requirements of FASB
Statement No. 133 with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced
understanding of how and why an entity uses derivative instruments, how the derivative instruments
and the related hedged items are accounted for and how the related hedged items affect an entity s
financial position, performance and cash flows. This Statement is effective for financial
statements for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008. Management
believes this Statement will have no impact on the financial statements of the Company once
adopted.

In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles FAS 162 ). FAS 162 is intended to improve financial reporting by identifying a
consistent framework, or hierarchy, for selecting accounting principles to be used in preparing
financial statements that are presented in conformity with GAAP for nongovernmental entities. FAS
162 is effective 60 days following the SEC s approval of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board amendments to AU Section 411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. We do not expect the adoption of this statement to have a
material impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 142-3, Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible
Assets FSP 142-3 ). FSP 142-3 amends the factors that should be considered in developing renewal
or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under
SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets FAS 142 ). This change is intended to
improve the consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under FAS 142 and
the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the asset under FAS 141R and
other GAAP. FSP 142-3 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years, which will be the Company s
fiscal year 2010. The requirement for determining useful lives must be applied prospectively to
intangible assets acquired after the effective date and the disclosure requirements must be applied
prospectively to all intangible assets recognized as of, and

F-13 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

subsequent to, the effective date. We do not expect the adoption of this statement to have a
material impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

In June 2008, the FASB ratified Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 07-5, Determining
Whether an Instrument (or Embedded Feature) Is Indexed to an Entity s Own Stock (EITF 07-5). EITF
07-5 mandates a two-step process for evaluating whether an equity-linked financial instrument or
embedded feature is indexed to the entity s own stock. It is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years, which is our first quarter
of 2009. We do not expect the adoption of EITF 07-5 will have a material impact on results of
operations, financial position, or cash flows.

Reclassifications. For comparability, certain 2006 amounts have been reclassified, where
appropriate, to conform to the financial statement presentation used in 2007.

Commitments and Contingencies. The Company accounts for commitments and contingencies in
accordance with financial accounting standards board Statement No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies.
The company records a liability for commitments and contingencies when the amount is both probable
and reasonably estimable.

The carrying value of cash, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses, accounts
payable, and accrued expenses, due to factor, and advances from customers are reasonable estimates
of the fair values because of their short-term maturity.

4. FACTORED RECEIVABLES 

The Company uses a factor to approve credit and to collect the proceeds from a substantial
portion of its sales. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company assigns to the factor and the
factor purchases from the Company eligible accounts receivable.

The factor, in its sole discretion, determines whether or not it will accept a receivable
based on its assessment of credit risk. Once a receivable is accepted by the factor, the factor
assumes substantially all of the credit risk associated with the receivable. The factor is required
to remit payments to the Company for the assigned accounts receivable in accordance with the terms
of the assigned invoice, regardless of whether the factor receives payment on the receivable, so
long as the customer does not have a valid dispute related to the invoice. In certain cases, the
Company assigns accounts receivable to the factor to provide collection services and to serve as
collateral for advances, however, the company retains the credit risk.

Approximately 12.0 million of accounts receivable was assigned to the factor at October 31,
2008, of which the Company assumed credit risk of approximately 7.1 million. .

The Company also utilizes purchase order financing through the factor to provide funding for
the manufacture of its products (see Note 8). In connection with these arrangements, the factor has
a security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets. The factor charges 0.5 of
invoiced amounts, subject to certain minimum charges per invoice, for these credit and collection
services.

In addition, the Company may request that the factor provide cash advances based upon the
Company s accounts receivable and inventory. The factor may either accept or reject the request for
advances in its discretion. Amounts to be advanced to the Company by the factor for any assigned
receivable are offset by any amounts previously advanced by the factor. As of October 31, 2008, the
factor was advancing approximately 80 of the eligible accounts receivable and also is advancing
approximately 60 of inventory. Total advances under the factoring arrangement include letters of
credit for purchase order financing (see Note 8) and is limited to 20 million in cash advances
including 2 million for letters of

F-14 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

credits. The interest rate is prime plus 1.5 on outstanding advances, in certain
circumstances, an additional 1 is added for advances on inventory balances. The factor s charges
and interest expense on the advances are included in ''interest and financing costs in the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

Due to factor consists of the following:

October 31, 

(in thousands) 

2008 

2007 

Accounts receivable assigned to factor

12,004 

7,015 

Less: allowances

(3,359) 

(3,105) 

advances from factor

(9,628) 

(5,437) 

(983) 

(1,527) 

The following table sets forth the adjustments to the price protection and other customer
sales incentive allowances included as a reduction of the amounts due from factor:

Year Ended October 31, 

(in thousands) 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Balance beginning of year

(3,105) 

(4,047) 

(9,551) 

Add: provisions

(2,556) 

(1,953) 

(3,799) 

Less: amounts charged against allowance

2,302 

2,895 

9,303 

Balance end of year

(3,359) 

(3,105) 

(4,047) 

5. PREPAID EXPENSES 

The following table presents the major components of prepaid expenses:

October 31, 

(in thousands) 

2008 

2007 

Advance payments for inventory

242 

889 

Prepaid media advertising

1,598 

Other (less than 5 of total assets)

116 

239 

1,956 

1,128 

6. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES 

The following table presents the major components of accounts payable and accrued expenses:

October 31, 

(in thousands) 

2008 

2007 

Accounts payable-trade

5,264 

3,579 

Royalties

2,268 

2,278 

Sales commissions

203 

179 

Salaries and other compensation

1,987 

706 

Other accruals

975 

746 

10,697 

7,488 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

7. CUSTOMER BILLINGS DUE TO DISTRIBUTION PARTNER 

The Company has an arrangement in which it distributes video games published by another
company for a fee based on the gross sales of their products. The Company does not take title to
the inventory in the transaction, however the Company does warehouse, ship and invoice the
customer. The Company records accounts receivable based on the gross amount of the amount billed
and an amount payable to the distribution partner for the amount billed, less the Company s
distribution fee and certain expenses. The Company records revenue for these services at the net
amount earned because it is acting as an agent for the principal in the transaction as defined by
EITF 99-19. The Company has recorded approximately 0.3 million of fees for the year ended October
31, 2008, approximately 2.1 million in accounts receivable due from its factor at October 31,
2008, and 1.5 million in amounts payable to distribution partner at October 31, 2008.

8. INVENTORY FINANCING PAYABLE 

Manufacturers require the Company to prepay or present letters of credit in order to
manufacture the products required under purchase orders from the Company s customers. The Company
has arrangements with its factor and a finance company for purchase order financing in order to
provide letters of credit necessary for the manufacture of products. The Company s factor provides
letters of credit for which the factor charges 0.5 of the purchase order amount for 30 days. The
Company also utilizes letters of credit from a finance company, which charges 1.5 of the purchase
order amount for each transaction for 30 days, plus administrative fees. Additional charges are
incurred if the letters of credit remain outstanding in excess of the original time period and/or
the financing company is not paid at the time the products are received.

9. ADVANCES FROM CUSTOMERS 

In certain instances, customers and distributors have agreed to provide the Company with cash
advances on their orders. These advances are then applied against future sales to these customers.

10. SETTLEMENTS AND OTHER 

During the year ended October 31, 2007 the Company recorded gains on settlement of liabilities
of 0.3 million, representing the settlement of accounts payable for marketing expenses for less
than the invoiced amount.

During the year ended October 31, 2006 the Company recorded gains on settlement of liabilities
of 4.8 million, consisting of 1.5 million related to negotiated reductions in royalties due for
certain video and video game titles, 0.5 million gain on the sale of the rights to certain video
game titles and a 2.8 million gain on the settlement of accounts payable for legal, marketing and
development expenses for less than the invoiced amount.

During 2006, the Company sold and transferred all of its rights, title and interest with
respect to the interactive software games Ghost Rider and The Darkness that were in
development (together, the ''Products ). Under the terms of the agreement, the Company was paid
 7,216,000 in cash for the Products, all intellectual property and contracts related to the
Products, and any and all assets related to the Products that are in the possession of or
controlled by the Company, and the third party publisher assumed all of the Company s obligations
and liabilities related to the Products. Additionally, 784,000 was paid directly to two vendors to
relieve the Company of obligations. During the year ended October 31, 2005, the Company wrote down
the capitalized value attributable to the products to approximate the sales price. Accordingly,
there was no gain recognized in 2006. The Company also sold the rights to the console version of
Teen Titans for gross proceeds of 1.1 million, resulting in a gain of 500,000.

During the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Company charged operations 0.1
million, 0.2 million, and 2.4 million, respectively, to write-off capitalized costs related to
games for

F-16 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

which development plans were changed such that it is uncertain whether potential value of that
development will be realized.

11. PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

On September 5, 2007, the Company completed a private placement of units in which the Company
raised 6.0 million in gross proceeds from a group of institutional and accredited investors in
exchange for 3,966,668 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 1,586,668
shares of common stock at 2.04 per share. Each unit had a price of 1.50 and consisted of one
share of common stock and warrants to purchase 0.4 shares of common stock. The private placement
resulted in net proceeds of 5.8 million after deducting the placement agent fees and other related
expenses. In addition, the placement agent received (i) 277,667 shares of common stock and warrants
to purchase 111,067 shares of common stock and (ii) a unit purchase option, exercisable commencing
March 2008, to purchase at 1.50 per share, units consisting of (1) 277,667 shares of common stock,
and (2) warrants to purchase up to 111,067 shares of common stock at 2.04. Based on the price of
 1.50 per unit in the offering, the shares and warrants issued to the placement agent had a fair
value of 416,500 on the date of the offering, which is included in equity.

The warrants issued in the transaction have an exercise price of 2.04 per share and a term of
five years, which begins six months from the issue date. The Company is obligated to file a
registration statement for resale of the shares issued in the transaction, and the shares
underlying the warrants within 45 days of the closing of the transaction, and have the registration
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the closing of the
transaction. The Company is also required to use its best efforts to keep the registration
statement continuously effective and to have its shares listed on an eligible market, as defined in
the agreement, for a period of two years after the registration statement is declared effective. If
the registration obligations are not met, the Company is subject to a cash penalty of 1 for each
month the registration is delayed, subject to a maximum of 18 . The Company s registration
statement related to the securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission on December 10, 2007.

Additionally, the warrants contain a cashless exercise feature if a registration statement is
not effective on the date of exercise, and a provision for exercise price adjustments under certain
circumstances as defined in the warrant agreement. If the Company is sold, merged, or otherwise
enters into a ''fundamental transaction as defined in the warrant agreement, the successor entity
is required to issue securities to the warrant holders equal to the number of shares of such stock
immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented by
the warrants. In the event the successor entity is not a publicly traded corporation whose
securities are traded on a trading market, as defined in the securities purchase agreement the
warrant holder can elect to receive a cash payment equal to the lesser of one dollar per share, or
the transaction value of a share of common stock, as defined in the agreement, multiplied by: (i)
on or prior to the first anniversary of the warrant, 55 ; (ii) after the first anniversary of the
warrant, but before the second, 45 ; (iii) after the second anniversary of the warrant, but before
the third, 35 , (iii) after the second anniversary of the warrant, but before the third, 25 . The
Warrants contain a provision that may require settlement by transferring assets. Therefore, they
are classified as liabilities at October 31, 2007 in accordance with FASB statement No. 150,
 Accounting with certain financial instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity ,
and FASB Staff position 150-1 Issuers Accounting for Freestanding Financial Instruments Composed of
More Than One option or Forward Contract Embodying Obligations under FASB Statement 150. 

The Company initially allocated 2.1 million of the proceeds received in the transaction to
the warrants based on the fair values of the warrants on the date of the transaction. The Company
will measure the fair value of the warrants at each balance sheet date, and record the change in
fair value as a non cash charge or gain to earnings each period. The warrants were valued at 0.2
million and 1.5 million at October 31, 2008

F-17 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 2007, respectively, due to fluctuations in the Company s stock price. This resulted in a
non-cash gain of 1.3 million and 0.6 million due to the change in fair value of warrants during
the year ended October 31, 2008 and 2007. The Company used the Black Scholes method to value the
warrants, assuming 70 volatility and a 4.16 cost of capital.

12. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS 

The following table sets forth the number shares of common stock purchaseable under
outstanding stock purchase warrants at October 31, 2008 and 2007.

Issued in 

Exercise 
 
 October 31, 
 
 October 31, 

connection with 
 
 Issue date 
 
 Expiration date 
 
 Price 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

Equity financing

September 5, 2007 
 
 March 5, 2013 

2.04 

1,697,735 

1,697,735 

Consulting services

June 14, 2006 
 
 May 31, 2013 

1.55 

150,000 

150,000 

Consulting services

November 1, 2007 
 
 July 31, 2010 

2.07 

75,000 

Other

February 22, 2004 
 
 February 21, 2008 

11.30 

7,142 

1,922,735 

1,854,877 

Additionally, in connection with the September 5, 2007 equity financing, the Company issued a
unit purchase option, to purchase at 1.50 per share, units consisting of (1) 277,667 shares of
common stock, and (2) warrants to purchase up to 111,067 shares of common stock at 2.04, with
terms identical to the warrants issued in the financing.

13. INCOME TAXES 

The (benefit) provision for income taxes for the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006
consists of:

October 31, 

(000 s
omitted) 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Current:

Federal

26 

State

Deferred:

Federal

953 

(1,610) 

(1,048) 

State

186 

(311) 

(203) 

Less: valuation allowance

(1,139) 

1,921 

1,251 

26 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The difference between income taxes computed at the statutory federal rate and the provision
for income taxes for 2008, 2007 and 2006 and, relates to the following

2008 

2007 

2006 

(000 s 

Percent of 

(000 s 

Percent of 

(000 s 

Percent of 

omitted) 

Pretax 

omitted) 

Pretax 

omitted) 

Pretax 

Amount 

income 

Amount 

income 

Amount 

income 

Tax (benefit) at federal
statutory rate

1,149 

34 

(1,622) 

(34) 

(1,824) 

(34) 

State income taxes, net of
federal income taxes

223 

7 

(311) 

(6) 

(203) 

(4) 

Change in valuation allowance

(1,139) 

(34) 

1,921 

40 

1,251 

23 

Other

(207) 

(6) 

12 

776 

15 

26 

1 

The Components of deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were as follows:

October 31, 

(000 s omitted) 

2008 

2007 

Impairment of capitalized software development costs and
prepaid license fees not currently deductible

36 

10 

Litigation Settlement

611 

1,145 

Impairment of inventory

50 

168 

Compensation expense not deductible until options are exercised

1,632 

1,221 

All other temporary differences

341 

478 

Net operating loss carry forward

26,444 

27,231 

Less valuation allowance

(29,114) 

(30,253) 

Deferred tax asset

Realization of deferred tax assets, including those related to net operating loss
carryforwards, are dependent upon future earnings, if any, of which the timing and amount are
uncertain. Accordingly, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation
allowance. Based upon the Company s current operating results, management has concluded that it is
not more likely than not that such assets will be realized.

Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual
limitation due to the ''change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual
limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carryforwards before utilization. The
net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes at October 31, 2008 amounts to
approximately 73.5 million and expires between 2023 and 2027.

14. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS 

On February 13, 2004, the stockholders approved a stock option plan that provides for the
granting of options to purchase the Company s common stock. The plan covers employees, directors
and consultants and provides for among other things, the issuance of non-qualified options and
incentive stock options. On June 8, 2005, the Company s stockholders and Board of Directors
approved the amendment and restatement to the Company s 2004 Employee, Director and Consultant
Stock Plan (renamed 2004 Employee, Director and Consultant Incentive Plan) (the Plan to: (a)
increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan by 4 million;
(b) add a share counting formula to the Plan pursuant to which each share issued under awards other
than options or stock appreciation rights counts against the number of

F-19 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

total shares available under the Plan as 1.3 shares, and each share issued as options or stock
appreciation rights counts against the total shares available under the Plan as one share; (c)
increase the share limitation on the number of awards that may be granted to any participant in any
fiscal year to 1,000,000; (d) add provisions for the grant of cash awards and other types of equity
based awards; and (e) delete a provision allowing for the repricing of awards. On June 11, 2007,
the Company s stockholders and Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2004 Employee,
Director and Consultant Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved
for issuance under the Plan by four million.

As of October 31, 2008, the Company has reserved 7.6 million shares of common stock for
issuance under the Plan, of which 1.3 million are available for future issuance.

A summary of the status of the Company s outstanding stock options as of October 31 and
changes during the years then ended is presented below:

2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Number Of 

Exercise 

Number Of 

Exercise 

Number Of 

Exercise 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Outstanding at beginning of
year

1,167,191 

6.78 

1,527,494 

6.19 

1,820,550 

8.45 

Granted

239,133 

0.89 

46,818 

2.35 

296,700 

1.45 

Canceled

(53,714) 

9.92 

(373,787) 

4.38 

(589,756) 

6.88 

Exercised

(33,334) 

1.46 

Outstanding at end of year

1,352,610 

5.61 

1,167,191 

6.78 

1,527,494 

6.19 

Options exercisable at year-end

1,051,736 

6.91 

823,108 

8.24 

539,056 

8.92 

Weighted-average fair value of
options granted during the
year

0.58 

1.78 

1.45 

The intrinsic value of shares outstanding at October 31, 2008 was 0.

The fair value of options granted during the year was 138,697.

The following table summarizes information about outstanding stock options at October 31,
2008:

Options Outstanding 
 
 Options Exercisable 

Weighted- 

Average 
 
 Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Remaining 
 
 Average 

Average 

Range of 
 
 Number 
 
 Contractual 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercise 

Exercise Prices 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 Life (Years) 
 
 Price 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Price 

0.89

239,133 

6.8 

0.89 

0.89 

1.41 and 2.80

282,474 

4.5 

1.74 

220,733 

1.72 

3.20

377,935 

3.8 

3.20 

377,935 

3.20 

7.23 to 8.00

114,300 

3.6 

7.33 

114,300 

7.33 

13.30

288,771 

2.4 

13.30 

288,771 

13.30 

14.00 to 28.00

49,997 

2.8 

19.96 

49,997 

19.96 

0.89 to 28.00

1,352,610 

4.1 

5.61 

1,051,736 

6.91 

The weighted average contractual term of exercisable options outstanding at October 31, 2008
was 3.5 years.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Weighted-Average 

Weighted-Average 
 
 Remaining 

Number 
 
 Fair Value at 
 
 Contractual Life 

Outstanding 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 (Years) 

Non-Vested shares at October 31, 2007

344,083 

4.37 

4.7 

Options Granted

239,133 

0.58 

6.8 

Options Vested

(228,628) 

5.41 

4.7 

Options forfeited or expired

(53,714) 

3.56 

4.3 

Non-Vested shares at October 31, 2008

300,874 

0.71 

6.4 

As of October 31, 2008 and 2007, there was approximately 0.1 million and 0.2 million of
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards, which is expected to be
recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of 1.1 and 0.8 years, respectively. The
total fair value of shares vested during October 31, 2008 was 1.2 million.

A summary of the status of the Company s restricted stock grants for the twelve months ended
October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 is as follows:

October 31, 
 
 October 31, 
 
 October 31, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Balance at beginning of period

1,411,470 

1,022,033 

13,948 

Granted

1,546,397 

937,299 

1,104,945 

Vested

(711,661) 

(336,627) 

(60,549) 

Cancelled

(27,833) 

(211,235) 

(36,311) 

Outstanding at end of period

2,218,373 

1,411,470 

1,022,033 

The fair value of restricted shares granted during the year ended October 31, 2008 was 1.5
million.

The fair value of restricted shares granted during the year ended October 31, 2007 was 1.9
million.

As of October 31, 2008, there was approximately 2.4 million of unrecognized compensation cost
related to restricted stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining
weighted-average vesting period of 2.1 years.

On July 21, 2006, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of
common stock to a consulting firm in consideration for services, under the Plan. The warrants are
exercisable at an exercise price of 1.55 at any time over a seven year period. The Company
recorded 186,000 of expense in 2006, reflecting the fair value of the warrants on the date of
issuance.

On November 1, 2007, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 75,000 shares of
common stock to a consulting firm in consideration for services, under the Plan. The warrants are
exercisable at an exercise price of 2.07 at any time over a seven year period.

15. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLAN 

The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) plan covering all eligible employees.

The Company charged to operations 66,000, 41,000 and 51,000 for contributions to the
retirement plan for the year ended October 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 respectively.

Certain stockholders and key employees of the Company serve as trustees of the plan.

F-21 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

16. MAJOR CUSTOMERS 

Sales to Wal-Mart, Inc. represented 13 , 14 and 11 of net revenues in 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. Sales to Toys R Us Inc. represented 29 of net revenues in 2006. Sales to
Gamestop represented 17 , 21 and 12 of net revenues in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Sales
to Best Buy represented 13 10 of sales in 2008 and 2007, respectively. Sales to Target and Cokem
represented 11 and 10 of sales in 2008, respectively.

17. CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 

Commitments 

At October 31, 2008, the Company was committed under agreements with certain developers for
future milestone payments aggregating 5.1 million. Milestone payments represent scheduled
installments due to the Company s developers based upon the developers providing the Company
certain deliverables, as predetermined in the Company s contracts. In addition, the Company may
have to pay royalties for products sold. These payments will be used to reduce future royalties due
to the developers from sales of the Company s videogames.

The Company is obligated under non-cancelable operating leases for administrative offices,
automobiles, and equipment expiring at various dates through 2011. The future aggregate minimum
rental commitments exclusive of required payments for operating expenses are as follows (in
thousands):

Year ending October 31, 
 
 (000 s omitted) 

2009

556 

2010

177 

Thereafter

30 

763 

Total rent expense amounted to 655,000, 505,000 and 500,000 for the years ended October 31,
2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

At
October 31, 2008, the Company had open letters of credit aggregating 4.6 million under the
Company s purchase order assignment arrangements for inventory to be delivered during the
subsequent year.

The Company has entered into at will employment agreements with several key executives.
These employment agreements include provisions for, among other things, annual compensation, bonus
arrangements and stock option grants. These agreements also contain provisions related to severance
terms and change of control provisions.

Contingencies 

On September 27, 2007, the Company entered into settlement agreements to settle certain
litigations pending in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey: (i) a securities
class action brought on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the Company s securities; (ii)
a private securities action filed by Trinad Capital Master Fund, Ltd.; and (iii) a second action
filed by Trinad purportedly on behalf of the Company.

On January 16, 2009, the Company entered into an amendment to the securities class action
settlement agreement. Under the terms of the settlement agreement in the securities class action,
as amended, which is subject to notice to the shareholder claimants and court approval, the
Company s insurance carrier will make a cash payment, the Company will make cash payments of
 466,667 in January 2009 and 233,333 in May 2009, and the Company will contribute one million
shares of its common stock. The shares being

F-22 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

contributed to the settlement will be distributed to the settlement claimants if and when the
Court grants final approval of the settlement and the settlement becomes effective.

During the twelve months ended October 31, 2007, the Company recorded a 2.8 million charge in
connection with the expected settlement of the class action litigation, based on the terms of the
original settlement. The charge is comprised of 2.5 million, representing the fair value, on the
date the agreement was executed, of the common stock expected to be distributed when the settlement
becomes effective and 0.3 million representing the increase in the value of the shares since that
date. During the year ended October 31, 2008, the Company recorded a gain on litigation settlement
of 0.3 million representing the decline in the value of the shares to be issued under the
settlement, as if it occurred on October 31, 2008.

The estimated settlement liability was further adjusted as of October 31, 2008, to reflect the
terms of the amended settlement agreement entered into on
January 16, 2009. Accordingly, an
additional gain on settlement of litigation of 1.3 million was recorded during the year ended
October 31, 2008. The total estimated liability at October 31, 2008 is 1.3 million, comprised of
the 0.7 million in cash payments, and 0.6 million representing 1.0 million shares of common stock at
the closing market price of 0.55 at that date. The value of the common stock on the date the
shares are issued may be different than 0.55, resulting in further adjustment to the settlement
liability.

The settlement of the private securities claim in the action brought by Trinad on its own
behalf provides that the Company s insurance carrier will make a cash payment to Trinad, subject to
final approval of the class action settlement by the Court.

The settlement agreement in the action filed by Trinad, purportedly on behalf of the Company,
will not result in a payment to the Company. Plaintiff s attorneys will not receive any fees in
connection with the settlement. As a result of the filing of this lawsuit by Trinad, the Company
has taken actions that it and Trinad believe will benefit the Company s shareholders and address
some of the issues raised in the lawsuit. This settlement is subject to notice to the Company s
shareholders and to court approval.

Since the settlements are subject to notice to shareholders and to court approval, there is no
assurance that the settlements described above will be consummated. Further if these settlements
are not achieved, there can be no assurance that the Company s insurance will be adequate to cover
the Company s costs relating to these litigations. Any expenses incurred in connection with such
litigation not covered by available insurance or any adverse resolution of such litigation could
have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition.

As previously disclosed, on July 26, 2007, Charlie Bolton filed a complaint against the
Company and several current and former directors and officers of the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. The allegations in the complaint are similar to
those in the class action and Trinad Capital s action against the Company and several current and
former directors and officers discussed above. On September 16, 2008, the Company entered into a
settlement with Bolton providing for a cash payment from insurance proceeds, and the action has
been dismissed, with prejudice.

The Company at times may be a party to other routine claims and suits in the ordinary course
of business. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, the outcome of
such routine claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial
condition, and results of operations or liquidity.

F-23 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The Company receives printing and packaging services from a business of which the brother
of Morris Sutton, the Company s former Chairman Emeritus, and uncle of Jesse Sutton, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, is a principal. During the years ended October 31, 2008, 2007
and 2006, respectively, the Company was charged 0.1 million, 1.2 million and 1.5 million for
these services. These charges are included in product costs in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. Such charges are, to the Company s knowledge, on terms no less
favorable to those that would be incurred in arm s length transactions with other providers of
similar services.

Morris Sutton, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Emeritus, resigned
from the Company effective January 1, 2007, becoming a consultant. Mr. Sutton was paid as an
employee for periods prior to November 1, 2006.

The following table summarizes expense to Morris Sutton, in thousands:

Year Ended 

October 31, 

2008 

2007 

Consulting

350 

292 

Commissions

111 

42 

Business expenses

49 

70 

Total

510 

404 

The Company had accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately 30,000 and 75,000 as
of October 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, due to Sutton Sales, LLC, a company controlled by
Morris Sutton.. As of October 31, 2007, accounts receivable due from Sutton Sales totaled
approximately 152,000.

19. SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

In November, 2008 the Company received proceeds of approximately 1.1 million from the sale of
the rights to approximately 14.2 million of New Jersey state income tax net operating loss
carryforwards, under the Technology Business Tax Certificate Program administered by the New
Jersey Economic Development Authority. The amount represents utilization of approximately 34 of
the 41.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards available to the Company in the State of New
Jersey, prior to the transfer. The amount will be recorded as an income tax benefit during the
quarter ending January 31, 2009.

20. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

The following table is a comparative breakdown of the Company s unaudited quarterly results
for the immediately preceding eight quarters:

For the Three Months Ended 

Jan. 31, 

Apr. 30, 

July 31, 

Oct. 31, 

Jan. 31, 

Apr. 30, 

July 31, 

Oct. 31, 

2007 

2007 

2007 

2007 

2008 

2008 

2008 

2008 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net revenues

14,495 

14,564 

10,010 

11,898 

18,664 

12,775 

14,456 

17,992 

Cost of sales

9,992 

8,452 

7,053 

8,185 

11,152 

8,342 

8,306 

12,998 

Gross profit (loss)

4,503 

6,112 

2,957 

3,713 

7,512 

4,433 

6,150 

4,994 

Operating costs and
expenses:

Product research
and development

608 

543 

536 

624 

901 

708 

812 

885 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Three Months Ended 

Jan. 31, 

Apr. 30, 

July 31, 

Oct. 31, 

Jan. 31, 

Apr. 30, 

July 31, 

Oct. 31, 

2007 

2007 

2007 

2007 

2008 

2008 

2008 

2008 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Selling and
marketing

1,731 

1,903 

2,039 

1,748 

2,305 

1,915 

2,264 

2,144 

General and
administrative

2,273 

2,135 

1,664 

2,304 

2,108 

2,020 

2,737 

2,684 

Depreciation and
amortization

73 

72 

75 

76 

77 

86 

59 

78 

Other Operating
Costs (1)

2,327 

(75) 

458 

(322) 

(1,149) 

Operating income
(loss)

(182) 

(868) 

(1,282) 

(1,497) 

2,443 

(296) 

278 

352 

Interest and finance
charges

744 

467 

266 

75 

199 

97 

121 

232 

Change in fair value
of warrants

(611) 

(458) 

(136) 

(363) 

(293) 

Income (loss) before
income taxes

(926) 

(1,335) 

(1,548) 

(961) 

2,702 

(257) 

520 

413 

Provision for income
taxes

26 

Net income (loss)

(926) 

(1,335) 

(1,548) 

(961) 

2,702 

(257) 

520 

387 

Net income (loss)

Basic

(0.04) 

(0.06) 

(0.06) 

(0.04) 

0.10 

(0.01) 

0.02 

0.01 

Diluted

(0.04) 

(0.06) 

(0.06) 

(0.04) 

0.10 

(0.01) 

0.02 

0.01 

Weighted average
shares Outstanding

Basic

23,627,419 

23,831,737 

23,862,617 

24,439,973 

27,388,797 

27,416,230 

27,476,286 

26,893,386 

Diluted

23,627,419 

23,831,737 

23,862,617 

24,439,973 

27,413,681 

27,416,230 

27,476,286 

26,893,386 

(1) Other operating expenses consist of:

Settlement of
litigation

2,500 

322 

(322) 

(1,250) 

Gain on settlements

(173) 

(75) 

Loss on impairment
of software
development costs

136 

101 

F-25 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 y01018exv10w23.htm
 EX-10.23: AMENDMENT TO THE FACTORING AGREEMENT

EX-10.23: 

October 16, 2008

Majesco Entertainment Company 
160 Raritan Center Parkway 
Edison, NJ 08837

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Factoring Agreement entered into between us dated April 24, 1989, as
amended and/or supplemented (the Factoring Agreement ). This will confirm that the Factoring
Agreement is hereby amended, effective October 1, 2008, as follows:

Paragraphs 7(b) is here by deleted in its entirety and the following is substituted in its
place and stead:

7. 
 
 (b) If you require funds from time to time, we will advance to you, at our discretion, up to
eighty percent (80 of the net amount of receivables purchased by us and not as yet collected. You
will be charged with interest on all sums paid, advanced or charged to you at a rate equal to six
percent (6 per annum upon the average daily debit cash balance in your account. That portion of
advances made by us to you which is in excess of the above stated percentage of your receivables
shall bear interest at a per annum rate which is 1 in excess of such interest rate. The rates of
interest and provided for in this paragraph 7 shall be increased or decreased by one quarter of one
percent (1/4 of 1 per annum for each increase or decrease respectively of one quarter of one
percent (1/4 of 1 per annum that is hereafter made in the prime rate of JP Morgan Chase Bank (the
 Bank as announced by the Bank from time to time Prime Rate ), such change to become effective
when and as the Prime Rate shall change, provided that at no time shall such percentage interest
rate be less than 5.5 per annum. The Prime Rate may not be the lowest or best rate charged by the
Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the rate of interest agreed to by or charged
to you hereunder exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be so agreed or charged under the
law of the jurisdiction whose laws are applicable to such rate of interest. We shall have the
privilege of remitting to you at any time any amount standing to your credit on our books. Net
credit cash balances arising from receivables and remaining in your favor shall earn interest at a
rate equal to two and three quarters percent (2.75 below the Prime Rate in effect from time to
time, from the date such net cash credit balances arise until the dates of actual payment to you.
The present Prime Rate is 4.5 per annum. 

Except as hereinabove specifically set forth, the Factoring Agreement shall continue unmodified.

Very truly yours, 
 
ROSENTHAL ROSENTHAL, INC. 

By: 

 /s/
J. Michael Stanley 

J. Michael Stanley, Managing Director 

Agreed: 
 
MAJESCO ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY 

By: 

 /s/
John Gross 

Name: 
 John Gross 

Title 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 y01018exv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1: SUBSIDIARIES

EX-21.1: 

EXHIBIT 21.1

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY 
 
 STATE OF INCORPORATION 

Majesco Europe Limited

United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 y01018exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1: CONSENT OF MCGLADREY & PULLEN, LLP

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors

Majesco Entertainment Company

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated
January 29, 2009 included in this Form 10-K on the consolidated financial statements of Majesco
Entertainment Company as of October 31, 2008 and for the year then ended, into the Company s
previously filed registration statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-120143), and Forms S-3 (333-122519;
333-115822; 333-121640; 333-120103; 333-135463; and 333-146253).

MCGLADREY AND PULLEN, LLP 

New York, New York

January 29, 2009

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 y01018exv23w2.htm
 EX-23.2: CONSENT OF GOLDSTEIN GOLUB KESSLER LLP

EX-23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 
Majesco Entertainment Company

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated January 19, 2007 included
in this Form 10-K on the consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash
flows of Majesco Entertainment Company and subsidiary for the year ended October 31, 2006,
into the Company s previously filed registration statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-120143), and Forms
S-3 (333-122519; 333-115822; 333-121640; 333-120103; 333-135463; and 333-146253).

GOLDSTEIN GOLUB KESSLER LLP 
New York, New York

January 29, 2009

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 y01018exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1: CERTIFICATION

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jesse Sutton, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Majesco Entertainment Company.

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual
report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15
(f) and 15 (d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financing reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposed in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrants internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal controls over financial reporting that are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Date: January 29, 2009 

/s/ Jesse Sutton 

Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 y01018exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2: CERTIFICATION

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John Gross, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Majesco Entertainment Company:

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual
report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15
(f) and 15 (d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financing reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposed in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrants internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal controls over financial reporting that are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Date: January 29, 2009 

/s/ John Gross 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 y01018exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1: CERTIFICATION

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification 
Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
(Subsections (A) And (B) Of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350,
chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Majesco
Entertainment Company and Subsidiary, (the ''Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s
knowledge, that:

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2008 (the ''Form 10-K of
the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: January 29, 2009

/s/ Jesse Sutton 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: January 29, 2009

/s/ John Gross 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

