<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090302_10-K_edgar_data_1265888_0000950133-09-000545.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1951693</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>491764</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>163704</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1003155</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950133-09-000545.hdr.sgml : 20090302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090302164941
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950133-09-000545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEUSTAR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001265888
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32548
		FILM NUMBER:		09648073

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		46000 CENTER OAK PLAZA
		CITY:			STERLING
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		571-434-5400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		46000 CENTER OAK PLAZA
		CITY:			STERLING
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JYdDWGEU4xZywtq+DSUFafwrTBKeWBFfV4vRYzvszeXdHbxf6sApovvT6t6WTSnG
 pM8ZBljheVTASNIUICvgAg==

 0000950133-09-000545.txt : 20090302

10-K
 1
 w72883e10vk.htm
 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

for the transition period
 from to 

Commission File
 No. 001-32548 

NeuStar, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

52-2141938 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

46000 Center Oak Plaza 
 Sterling, Virginia 
 (Address of principal
 executive offices) 

20166 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(571) 434-5400 

(Registrant s telephone
 number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Class A Common Stock

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 (Do not check if a 
 smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting
 company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes No 

On February 17, 2009, 74,224,990 shares of NeuStar
 Class A common stock were outstanding and 4,538 shares
 of NeuStar Class B common stock were outstanding. The
 aggregate market value of the NeuStar common equity held by
 non-affiliates as of June 30, 2008 was approximately
 1.69 billion.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Information required by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13
 and 14) is incorporated by reference to portions of
 NeuStar s definitive proxy statement for its 2009 Annual
 Meeting of Stockholders, which NeuStar intends to file with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of
 December 31, 2008.

TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

Item 

Description 

Page 

PART I 

1. 

Business 

1

1A. 

Risk Factors 

14

1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

26

2. 

Properties 

26

3. 

Legal Proceedings 

26

4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

26

PART II 

5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

26

6. 

Selected Financial Data 

29

7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

31

7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk 

52

8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

53

9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

95

9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

95

9B. 

Other Information 

98

PART III 

10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 

98

11. 

Executive Compensation 

98

12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

98

13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 

98

14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

98

PART IV 

15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

99

Signatures 

106

Ex-10.2.1 
 Ex-10.3.1 
 Ex-10.7.1 
 Ex-21.1 
 Ex-23.1 
 Ex-31.1 
 Ex-31.2 
 Ex-32.1 

Table of Contents 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this
 report to NeuStar, we, us, 
 the Company and our refer to NeuStar,
 Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Overview 

We provide essential clearinghouse services to the
 communications industry and enterprise customers. Our customers
 use the databases we contractually maintain in our clearinghouse
 to obtain data required to successfully route telephone calls in
 North America, to exchange information with other communications
 service providers and to manage technological changes in their
 own networks. We operate the authoritative directories that
 manage virtually all telephone area codes and numbers, and we
 enable the dynamic routing of calls among thousands of competing
 communications service providers, or CSPs, in the United States
 and Canada. All CSPs that offer telecommunications services to
 the public at large, or telecommunications service providers,
 such as Verizon Communications Inc., Sprint Nextel Corporation,
 and AT T Corp., must access our clearinghouse to properly
 route virtually all of their customers calls. We provide
 clearinghouse services to emerging CSPs, including Internet
 service providers, mobile network operators, cable television
 operators, and voice over Internet protocol, or VoIP, service
 providers. In addition, we provide domain name services,
 including internal and external managed DNS solutions that play
 a key role in directing and managing traffic on the Internet,
 and we manage the authoritative directories for the .us and .biz
 Internet domains. We operate the authoritative directory for
 U.S. Common Short Codes, part of the short messaging
 service relied upon by the U.S. wireless industry, and
 provide solutions used by mobile network operators worldwide to
 enable mobile instant messaging for their end users.

We were founded to meet the technical and operational challenges
 of the communications industry when the U.S. government
 mandated local number portability in 1996. While we remain the
 provider of the authoritative solution that the communications
 industry relies upon to meet this mandate, we have developed a
 broad range of innovative services to meet an expanded range of
 customer needs. We provide critical technology services that
 solve the addressing, interoperability and infrastructure needs
 of the communications industry and enterprise customers. These
 services are used to manage a range of technical and operating
 requirements, including:

Addressing. We enable CSPs and enterprises to
 use critical, shared addressing resources, such as telephone
 numbers, Internet top-level domain names, and U.S. Common
 Short Codes.

Interoperability. We enable CSPs to exchange
 and share critical operating data so that communications
 originating on one provider s network can be delivered and
 received on the network of another CSP. We also facilitate order
 management and work flow processing among CSPs.

Infrastructure. We enable CSPs to more
 efficiently manage their networks by centrally managing certain
 critical data they use to route communications over their
 networks.

Company
 Information and History 

We were incorporated in Delaware in 1998 to acquire our business
 from Lockheed Martin Corporation. This acquisition was completed
 in November 1999. Our principal executive offices are located at
 46000 Center Oak Plaza, Sterling, Virginia, 20166, and our
 telephone number at that address is
 (571) 434-5400. 

On June 28, 2005, we effected a recapitalization, which
 involved (i) payment of all accrued and unpaid dividends on
 all of the then-outstanding shares of preferred stock, followed
 by the conversion of all such shares into shares of common
 stock, (ii) the amendment of our certificate of
 incorporation to provide for Class A common stock and
 Class B common stock, and (iii) the split of each
 share of common stock into 1.4 shares and the
 reclassification of the common stock into shares of Class B
 common stock. We refer to these transactions collectively as the
 Recapitalization. Each share of Class B common stock is
 convertible at the option of the holder into one share of
 Class A common stock, and we anticipate that all holders of
 Class B common stock will ultimately convert their shares
 into shares of Class A common stock.

1

Table of Contents 

Industry
 Background 

Changes in the structure of the communications industry over the
 past two decades have presented increasingly complex technical
 and operating challenges. Whereas the Bell Operating System once
 dominated the U.S. telecommunications industry, there are
 now thousands of service providers, all with disparate networks.
 Today these service providers must interconnect their networks
 and carry each other s traffic to route phone calls, unlike
 in the past when a small number of incumbent wireline carriers
 used established, bilateral relationships. In addition, CSPs and
 enterprises are delivering a broad set of new services using a
 diverse array of technologies. These services, which include
 voice, data and video, are used in combinations that are far
 more complex than the historical, uniform voice services of
 traditional carriers.

The increasing complexity of the communications industry has
 produced operational challenges, as the in-house network
 management and back office systems of traditional carriers were
 not designed to capture all of the information necessary for
 provisioning, authorizing, routing and billing these new
 services. In particular, it has become significantly more
 difficult for service providers to:

Locate end-users. Identify the appropriate
 destination for a given communication among multiple networks
 and unique addresses, such as wireline and wireless phone
 numbers as well as Internet Protocol, or IP, and
 e-mail 
 addresses;

Establish identity. Authenticate that the
 users of the communications networks are who they represent
 themselves to be and that they are authorized to use the
 services being provided;

Connect. Route the communication across
 disparate networks;

Provide services. Authorize and account for
 the exchange of communications traffic across multiple
 networks; and

Process transactions. Capture, process and
 clear accounting records for billing, and generate settlement
 data for inter-provider compensation.

Enterprises in the United States and throughout the world have
 become increasingly reliant on the Internet and other DNS-based
 systems to support their businesses. With the growth in
 e-commerce 
 and the emergence of advanced DNS-based communication services,
 large and small enterprises have increased demand for:

secure and reliable email and networks;

authoritative directories for Internet domain names; and

domain name registration services.

Our
 Clearinghouse 

We provide our services from a set of unique databases, systems
 and platforms in geographically dispersed data centers, which we
 refer to collectively as our clearinghouse. Our clearinghouse
 has been designed to provide substantial advantages in meeting
 the challenges facing the communications industry and
 enterprises for both traditional voice and IP networks. First,
 our clearinghouse databases and capabilities provide competing
 CSPs and enterprises with fair, equal and secure access to
 essential shared resources such as telephone numbers and domain
 names. This sharing of data is critical for locating end-users
 and establishing their identity. Second, our clearinghouse
 databases and capabilities serve as an authoritative directory
 to ensure proper routing of voice, advanced data applications
 and IP-based 
 communications, such as mobile instant messaging, regardless of
 originating or terminating technologies. Third, our customers
 may access our clearinghouse through standard interfaces. Our
 clearinghouse also enables connections to authoritative
 operating data for our customers, including CSPs, content
 providers and enterprises. As a result, our clearinghouse
 facilitates advanced services, such as multi-media content
 services and mobile instant messaging. Finally, our services
 facilitate the management of networks and services, including
 the deployment of new technologies and protocols, the balancing
 of communications traffic across our customers internal
 networks, network consolidation, and the control of instant
 messaging services, which promote our customers ability to
 create differentiated and value-added services.

2

Table of Contents 

To ensure our role as a provider of essential services to the
 communications industry and our enterprise customers, we
 designed our clearinghouse to be:

Reliable. Our clearinghouse services depend on
 complex technology that is designed to deliver reliability
 consistent with industry standards and the standards of our
 customers. Under our contracts, we have committed to our
 customers to deliver high quality services across numerous
 measured and audited service levels, such as system
 availability, response times for help desk inquiries and billing
 accuracy, consistent with these standards.

Scalable. The modular design of our
 clearinghouse enables capacity expansion without service
 interruption or quality of service degradation, and with
 incremental investment that provides significant economies of
 scale.

Neutral. We provide our services in a
 competitively neutral way to ensure that no one
 telecommunications service provider, telecommunications industry
 segment or technology or group of telecommunications customers
 is favored over any other. Moreover, we have committed not to be
 a telecommunications service provider in competition with our
 customers.

Trusted. The data we collect are important and
 proprietary. Accordingly, we have appropriate procedures and
 systems to protect the privacy and security of customer data,
 restrict access to the system and generally protect the
 integrity of our clearinghouse. Our performance with respect to
 neutrality, privacy and security is independently audited
 regularly.

NeuStar
 Clearinghouse Services 

Addressing 

Addresses are a shared resource among CSPs and, in
 certain circumstances, enterprises. Each communications device
 must have a unique address so that communications can be routed
 properly to that device. With the development of new
 technologies, the number and type of addressing resources
 increase, and the advent of bundled services, such as voice plus
 text messaging, may require that multiple addresses be
 identified for what is intended to be a single, integrated
 communication to one or more devices used by a single user or a
 group of users.

For communications to reliably reach the intended users, we
 believe that the communications industry and enterprises require
 a trusted, authoritative administrator of addressing directories
 to route communications. Moreover, we believe that CSPs must
 have fair access to shared addressing resources and must be able
 to access the administrator s systems to ensure the proper
 routing of communications. We provide a range of addressing
 services to meet these needs, including:

Telephone Number Administration. As the North
 American Numbering Plan Administrator, we maintain the
 authoritative database of telephone numbering resources for
 North America. We allocate telephone numbers by geographic
 location and assign telephone numbers to telecommunications
 service providers. We administer area codes, including area code
 splits and overlays, and collect and forecast telephone number
 utilization rates by service providers. As the National Pooling
 Administrator, we also manage the administration of inventory
 and allocation of pooled blocks of unassigned telephone numbers
 by reassigning 1,000-number blocks of assigned but unused
 telephone numbers to telecommunications service providers
 requiring additional telephone numbers. We provide these
 services under fixed-fee contracts with the Federal
 Communications Commission, or FCC.

Telephone Number Pooling. In addition to the
 administrative functions associated with our role as the
 National Pooling Administrator, we also implement the
 administration of the allocation of pooled blocks of unassigned
 telephone numbers through our clearinghouse, including the
 reallocation of pooled blocks of telephone numbers to the
 consolidated network of consolidating carriers following a
 merger or other business combination. We were paid on a per
 transaction basis for this service through December 31,
 2008. As of January 1, 2009, we will be paid on an annual,
 fixed-fee basis for addressing, interoperability and
 infrastructure transactions.

3

Table of Contents 

Internet Domain Name Services. 

Ultra Services. We provide a suite of services
 that play a key role in directing and managing Internet traffic,
 and monitoring, testing and measuring the performance of
 websites and networks, all of which enable thousands of
 customers to intelligently and securely control and distribute
 Internet traffic, and ensuring security, scalability and
 reliability of websites, email and networks. We are typically
 paid a recurring monthly fee based on contractually established
 monthly transaction volumes. If the transactions processed
 exceed the maximum of the transaction volumes that were
 contractually established, we are paid a per transaction fee for
 these excess transactions.

Domain Registry Services. We operate the
 authoritative registries of Internet domain names for the .biz
 and .us top level domains. In addition, we are the technical
 back-end registry operator for the .travel and .tel top-level
 domains. All Internet communications routing to any of these
 domains must query a copy of our directory to ensure that the
 communication is routed to the appropriate destination. We are
 the exclusive provider of wholesale registration services to
 domain name retailers for all regions outside of the home
 countries for the .cn, or the country code top-level domain for
 China, and .tw, or the country code top-level domain for Taiwan.
 We are primarily paid on a subscription basis for each name in
 the registries.

U.S. Common Short Codes. We operate the
 authoritative U.S. Common Short Code registry on behalf of
 the leading wireless providers in the United States. A Common
 Short Code is a string of five or six numbers, which serves as
 the address for text messages that are sent from
 wireless devices to businesses or organizations on a many-to-one
 basis. U.S. Common Short Codes are often used by consumer
 brand companies and organizations to count votes using wireless
 devices in promotional marketing efforts, such as votes for
 sporting event MVPs, to register for contests and special
 offers, to download applications such as ring tones, and are
 used for product awareness campaigns. We are paid on a
 subscription basis for each code in the registry.

Interoperability 

To provide communications across multiple networks involving
 multiple service providers, industry participants must exchange
 essential operating data. We believe that our clearinghouse is
 the most efficient, logistically practical and economical means
 for each CSP to exchange the large volumes of operating data
 that are required to deliver communications services between
 networks. Our services include:

Wireline and Wireless Number Portability. Our
 clearinghouse is the master, authoritative directory that allows
 end users in the United States and Canada to change their
 telephone carrier without changing their telephone numbers. In
 addition, service providers use this service to change the
 network identification associated with their end users 
 telephone numbers after a merger or consolidation. We have
 provided this service for wireline local number portability
 since 1997, and in 2003, we expanded our service to provide
 portability of telephone numbers between wireless
 telecommunications service providers and between wireline and
 wireless telecommunications service providers. In the United
 States, we were paid on a per transaction basis for this service
 through December 31, 2008. As of January 1, 2009, we
 will be paid on an annual, fixed-fee basis for addressing,
 interoperability and infrastructure transactions. In Canada, we
 are paid on a per transaction basis for this service.

Order Management Services. We provide
 centralized clearinghouse services that permit our customers,
 through a single interface, to exchange essential operating data
 with multiple CSPs in order to provision services. We are
 typically paid on a per transaction basis for each order we
 process.

Infrastructure
 and Other 

Constant changes in the communications service industry require
 providers to make frequent and extensive changes in their own
 network infrastructure. Our infrastructure services are used by
 CSPs to efficiently reconfigure their networks and systems in
 response to changes in the market. Our services include:

Network Management. Our customers in the
 United States and Canada use our clearinghouse to centrally
 process changes to essential network elements that are used to
 route telephone calls. In the United States, we

4

Table of Contents 

were paid on a per transaction basis for this service through
 December 31, 2008. As of January 1, 2009, we will be
 paid on an annual, fixed-fee basis for addressing,
 interoperability and infrastructure transactions. In Canada, we
 are paid on a per-transaction basis for these services. Our
 network management services are used by our customers for a
 variety of different purposes, such as to replace and upgrade
 technologies, to balance network traffic and to reroute traffic
 on alternative networks in the event of a service disruption.

Connection Services. We provide standard
 connections for those CSPs that connect directly to our
 clearinghouse. We are paid an established fee based on the type
 of connection.

NeuStar
 Next Generation Messaging Services 

Mobile Instant Messaging. We provide scalable
 solutions to mobile network operators worldwide, which allow
 them to manage instant messaging, or IM, services provided by
 Internet service providers and to create their own branded IM
 services. We are typically paid a monthly fee on a per-active
 user basis.

Operations 

Sales
 Force and Marketing 

As of December 31, 2008, our sales and marketing
 organization consisted of approximately 290 people who work
 together to deliver advanced technologies and solutions to serve
 our customers needs. Our sales teams work closely with our
 customers to identify and address their needs, while our
 marketing team works closely with our sales teams to deliver
 comprehensive services, and develop a clear and consistent
 corporate image.

We have an experienced sales and marketing staff who offer
 extensive knowledge in the management of telephone numbers and
 domain name systems, number portability and IP clearinghouse
 services. We believe we have close relations with our customers,
 and we know their systems and operations. We have worked closely
 with our customers to develop solutions such as national
 pooling, U.S. Common Short Codes, number translation
 services, and the provisioning of service requests for VoIP
 providers. Our sales teams strive to increase the services
 purchased by existing customers and to expand the range of
 services we provide to our customers.

Customer
 Support 

We strive to provide world-class customer service, and we
 provide customer support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
 and 365 days a year. Customer support personnel are
 responsible for the end-to-end ownership of all customer
 inquiries, provisioning and trouble requests. Our staff works
 closely with our customers to ensure that our service level
 agreements are being met. They continually solicit customer
 feedback and are in charge of bringing together the proper
 internal resources to troubleshoot any problems or issues that
 customers may have. Performance of these individuals is measured
 by customer satisfaction surveys and through stringent
 measurements of key performance indicators.

Operational
 Capabilities 

We operate our services through our state-of-the-art data
 centers and remotely hosted computer hardware that is currently
 located in third-party facilities throughout the world. Our data
 centers, including third-party facilities that we use, are
 custom designed for the processing and transmission of high
 volumes of transaction-related, time-sensitive data in a highly
 secure environment. We are committed to employing best-of-breed
 tools and equipment for application development, infrastructure
 management, operations management, and information security. In
 general, we subscribe to the highest level of service and
 responsiveness available from each third party vendor that we
 use. Further, to protect the integrity of our systems, the major
 components of our networks are generally designed to eliminate
 any single point of failure.

We have consistently met and frequently exceeded our contractual
 service level requirements and, for some of our services, our
 performance results are monitored internally and subjected to
 independent audits on a regular basis.

5

Table of Contents 

Research
 and Development 

We maintain a research and development group, the principle
 functions of which are to develop new services and improvements
 to existing services, oversee quality control processes and
 perform application testing. Our processes surrounding the
 development of new services and improvement to existing services
 focus on the challenges communicated to us by our customers
 related to the management of an expanding array of technologies
 and end-user services across a growing number of CSPs and
 enterprises. We employ industry experts in areas of technology
 that we believe are key to solving these problems. Our quality
 control and application testing processes focus predominantly on
 highly technical issues related to the performance of our
 technology platforms, which are identified through both internal
 and external feedback mechanisms, and continuous testing of our
 applications and system platforms to ensure uptime commensurate
 to service level standards we have committed to our customers.
 As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately
 164 employees dedicated to research and development, which
 consists of software engineers, project managers and
 documentation specialists. We expense our research and
 development costs as incurred. Our research and development
 expense was 17.6 million, 27.4 million and
 27.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2007 and 2008, respectively.

Customers 

We serve traditional providers of communications, including
 local exchange carriers, such as Verizon Communications Inc. and
 AT T, Inc.; competitive local exchange carriers, such as XO
 Holdings, Inc. and Level 3 Communications, Inc.; wireless
 service providers, such as Verizon Wireless Inc., and long
 distance carriers. We also serve emerging CSPs, including
 Comcast Corporation, Cox Communications, Inc. and Cbeyond, Inc.,
 and emerging providers of VoIP services, such as Vonage Holdings
 Corp.

In addition to serving traditional CSPs, we also serve a growing
 number of customers who are either enablers of Internet services
 or providers of information and content to Internet and
 telephone users. For example, customers for our managed DNS
 services include a wide range of both large and small
 enterprises, including registry operators, such as Canadian
 Internet Registration Authority, and
 e-commerce 
 companies. All Internet service providers rely on our Internet
 registry services to route all communications to .biz and .us
 Internet addresses. Domain name registrars, including Network
 Solutions, Inc., The Go Daddy Group, Inc., and Register.com,
 Inc. pay us for each .biz and .us domain name they register on
 behalf of their customers. Wireless service providers rely on
 our registry to route all U.S. Common Short Code
 communications, but the bulk of our customers for
 U.S. Common Short Codes are the information and
 entertainment content providers who register codes with us to
 allow wireless subscribers to communicate with them via text
 messaging. Mobile network operators throughout Europe and Asia,
 including several country operators affiliated with Vodafone
 Group Plc, rely on our instant messaging solutions to provide
 mobile instant messaging to their end users.

Our customers include over 8,700 different entities, each of
 which is separately billed for the services we provide,
 regardless of whether it may be affiliated with one or more of
 our other customers. No single entity accounted for more than
 10 of our total revenue in 2008. The amount of our revenue
 derived from customers inside the United States was
 317.3 million, 387.4 million and 434.0 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008,
 respectively. The amount of our revenue derived from customers
 outside the United States was 15.7 million,
 41.8 million and 54.8 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively. The amount
 of our revenue derived under our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC was 249.3 million,
 301.8 million and 331.8 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

We have two business segments, Clearinghouse and NGM. For
 further discussion of the operating results of our segments,
 including revenue, income (loss) from operations, total assets,
 goodwill, and intangible assets, as well as information
 concerning our international operations, see Note 17 to our
 Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.

Competition 

Our services most frequently compete against the in-house
 systems of our customers. We believe our services offer greater
 reliability and flexibility on a more cost-effective basis than
 these in-house systems.

6

Table of Contents 

In our roles as the North American Numbering Plan Administrator,
 National Pooling Administrator, administrator of local number
 portability for the communications industry, operator of the
 sole authoritative registry for the .us and .biz Internet domain
 names, and operator of the sole authoritative registry for
 U.S. Common Short Codes, there are no other providers
 currently providing the services we offer. However, we were
 awarded the contracts to administer these services in open and
 competitive procurement processes where we competed against
 companies including Accenture Ltd, Computer Sciences
 Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, International Business
 Machines Corporation, or IBM, Noblis, Inc., Nortel Networks
 Corporation, Pearson Education, Perot Systems Corporation,
 Telcordia Technologies, Inc. and VeriSign, Inc. We have renewed
 or extended the term of several of these contracts since we
 first entered into them. As the terms of these contracts expire,
 we expect that other companies may seek to bid on renewals or
 new contracts, and we may not be successful in renewing them. In
 addition, prior to the expiration of our contracts in 2015 to
 provide number portability services, North American Portability
 Management LLC could solicit, or our competitors may submit,
 proposals to replace us, in whole or in part, as the provider of
 the services covered by these contracts. Similarly, with respect
 to our contracts to act as the North American Number Plan
 Administrator, the National Pooling Administrator, operator of
 the authoritative registry for the .us and .biz Internet domain
 names, and the operator of the authoritative registry for
 U.S. Common Short Codes, the relevant counterparty could
 elect not to exercise the extension period under the contract,
 if applicable, or to terminate the contract in accordance with
 its terms, in which case we could be forced to compete with
 other providers to continue providing the services covered by
 the relevant contract. However, we believe that our position as
 the incumbent provider with high customer satisfaction of these
 services will enable us to compete favorably for contract
 renewals or for new contracts to continue to provide these
 services.

While we do not face direct competition for the registry of .us
 and .biz Internet domain names, we compete with other companies
 that maintain the registries for different domain names,
 including VeriSign, Inc., which manages the .com and .net
 registries, Afilias Limited, which manages the .org and .info
 registries, and a number of managers of country-specific domain
 name registries, such as .uk for domain names in the United
 Kingdom.

For the remainder of our services, we compete against a range of
 providers of interoperability and infrastructure services
 and/or 
 software, as well as the in-house network management and
 information technology organizations of our customers. Our
 competitors, other than in-house network systems, generally fall
 into these categories:

systems integrators such as Accenture Ltd, Electronic Data
 Systems Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, IBM, Oracle
 Corporation and Perot Systems Corporation, which develop
 customized solutions for CSPs and in some cases operate and
 manage certain back-office systems for CSPs on an outsourced
 basis;

with respect to our Ultra services, companies such as Akamai
 Technologies, Inc., Afilias Limited, F5 Networks, Inc.,
 Keynote Systems, Inc., and Gomez, Inc., that compete with us in
 one or more of our Ultra services, including internal and
 external managed DNS services, network monitoring and load
 testing;

with respect to mobile instant messaging, companies that develop
 presence and instant messaging solutions, such as Nokia
 Corporation and Colibria AS; and

with respect to order management services, companies such as
 Synchronoss Technologies, Inc., Telcordia Technologies, Inc.,
 Syniverse Technologies, Inc., Evolving Systems, Inc. and
 VeriSign, Inc., which offer communications interoperability
 services, including inter-CSP order processing and workflow
 management on an outsourced basis.

Competitive factors in the market for our services include
 breadth and quality of services offered, reliability, security,
 cost-efficiency, and customer support. Our ability to compete
 successfully depends on numerous factors, both within and
 outside our control, including:

our responsiveness to customers needs;

our ability to support existing and new industry standards and
 protocols;

7

Table of Contents 

our ability to continue development of technical
 innovations; and

the quality, reliability, security and price-competitiveness of
 our services.

We may not be able to compete successfully against current or
 future competitors and competitive pressures that we face may
 materially and adversely affect our business. The market for
 clearinghouse services may not continue to develop, and CSPs and
 enterprises may not continue to use clearinghouse services
 rather than in-house systems and purchased or
 internally-developed software.

Employees 

As of December 31, 2008, we employed 966 persons
 worldwide. None of our employees is currently represented by a
 labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages and
 consider our relationship with our employees to be good.

Contracts 

We provide many of our addressing, interoperability and
 infrastructure services pursuant to private commercial and
 government contracts. Specifically, in the United States, we
 provide wireline and wireless number portability, implement the
 allocation of pooled blocks of telephone numbers and provide
 network management services pursuant to seven regional contracts
 with North American Portability Management LLC, an industry
 group that represents all telecommunications service providers
 in the United States. Although the FCC has plenary authority
 over the administration of telephone number portability, it is
 not a party to our contracts with North American Portability
 Management LLC. The North American Numbering Council, a federal
 advisory committee to which the FCC has delegated limited
 oversight responsibilities, reviews and oversees North American
 Portability Management LLC s management of these contracts.
 See Regulatory
 Environment Telephone Numbering. We
 recognized revenue under our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC primarily on a per transaction basis
 through December 31, 2008, and the aggregate fees for
 transactions processed under these contracts were determined by
 the total number of transactions. As of January 1, 2009, we
 are paid on an annual, fixed-fee basis, subject to a
 contractually established, annual 6.5 escalator. Under this
 fixed-fee model, fixed credits are used to calculate the annual
 fixed fee in 2009, 2010 and 2011. In addition, our customers may
 earn additional credits annually in 2009, 2010 and 2011 if
 certain levels of aggregate telephone number inventories are
 reached and if certain IP fields and functionality are adopted
 and implemented. Moreover, in the event that the volume of
 transactions in a given year is above or below the contractually
 established volume range for that year, the fixed-fee may be
 adjusted up or down, respectively, with any such adjustment
 being applied in the following year. Under both the
 transaction-based and fixed-fee models, our fees are billed to
 telecommunications service providers based on their allocable
 share of the total transaction charges. This allocable share is
 based on each respective telecommunications service
 provider s share of the aggregate end-user services
 revenues of all U.S. telecommunications service providers
 as determined by the FCC. Under these contracts, we also bill a
 revenue recovery collections, or RRC, fee of a percentage of
 monthly billings to our customers, which is available to us if
 any telecommunications service provider fails to pay its
 allocable share of total transaction charges. If the RRC fee is
 insufficient for that purpose, these contracts also provide for
 the recovery of such differences from the remaining
 telecommunications service providers. Under these contracts,
 users of our clearinghouse also pay fees to connect to our data
 center and additional fees for reports that we generate at the
 user s request. Our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC continue through June 2015.

On November 3, 2005, BellSouth Corporation filed a petition
 seeking changes in the way our customers are billed for services
 provided by us under our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC. In response to the BellSouth
 petition, the FCC requested comments from interested parties. As
 of February 17, 2009, the FCC had not initiated a formal
 rulemaking process, and the BellSouth petition remains pending.
 In addition, after the amendment of our contracts with North
 American Portability Management LLC in September 2006, Telcordia
 Technologies, Inc. filed a petition with the FCC requesting an
 order that would require North American Portability Management
 LLC to conduct a new bidding process to appoint a provider of
 telephone number portability services in the United States,
 which Telcordia has continued to pursue in response to our
 amendment of these contracts in January 2009. As of
 February 17, 2009, the FCC had not initiated a formal
 rulemaking process,

8

Table of Contents 

and the Telcordia petition remains pending. If the Telcordia
 petition is successful, we may lose one or more of our contracts
 with North American Portability LLC or lose a portion of our
 business in one or more geographic regions where we provide
 services.

We also provide wireline and wireless number portability and
 network management services in Canada pursuant to a contract
 with the Canadian LNP Consortium Inc., a private corporation
 composed of telecommunications service providers who participate
 in number portability in Canada. The Canadian Radio-television
 and Telecommunications Commission oversees the Canadian LNP
 Consortium s management of this contract. We bill each
 telecommunications service provider for our services under this
 contract primarily on a per transaction basis. This contract
 continues through December 2011. The services we provide under
 the contracts with North American Portability Management LLC and
 the Canadian LNP Consortium are subject to rigorous performance
 standards, and we are subject to corresponding penalties for
 failure to meet those standards.

We serve as the North American Numbering Plan Administrator and
 the National Pooling Administrator pursuant to two separate
 contracts with the FCC. Under these contracts, we administer the
 assignment and implementation of new area codes in North
 America, the allocation of central office codes (which are the
 prefixes following the area codes) to telecommunications service
 providers in the United States, and the assignment and
 allocation of pooled blocks of telephone numbers in the United
 States in a manner designed to conserve telephone number
 resources. The North American Numbering Plan Administration
 contract is a fixed-fee government contract that was awarded by
 the FCC in 2003. The contract is structured as a one-year
 agreement with four one-year options exercisable by the FCC. The
 FCC has exercised each of these four options, and this contract
 expired on July 8, 2008. The FCC extended the contract
 through July 2009 to begin the bidding process and we expect to
 compete for a renewal of this contract. The National Pooling
 Administration contract was originally awarded to us by the FCC
 in 2001. In August 2007, the FCC awarded us a new contract to
 continue as the National Pooling Administrator. Under this
 contract, we perform the administrative functions associated
 with the allocation of pooled blocks of telephone numbers in the
 United States. The terms of this contract provide for a fixed
 fee associated with the administration of the pooling system
 plus reimbursement of select costs. The initial contract term is
 two years, commencing in August 2007, and provides three
 one-year extension options that are exercisable at the election
 of the FCC.

We are the operator of the .biz Internet top-level domain by
 contract with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and
 Numbers, or ICANN. The .biz contract was originally granted in
 May 2001. In December 2006, the ICANN awarded to us a renewal of
 the .biz contract through December 2012. Under the terms of the
 amended agreement, the .biz contract automatically renews after
 2012 unless it has been determined that we have been in
 fundamental and material breach of certain provisions of the
 agreement and have failed to cure such breach. Similarly,
 pursuant to a contract with the U.S. Department of
 Commerce, we operate the .us Internet domain registry. This
 contract was originally awarded in October 2001. In October
 2007, the government awarded to us a renewal of the .us contract
 for a period of three years, which may be extended by the
 government for two additional one-year periods. In response to a
 bid protest filed by one of our competitors, the Department of
 Commerce evaluated the procedures it followed in awarding to us
 the .us contract. Pending resolution of this evaluation,
 performance under our new .us contract was stayed, and the terms
 of our previous .us contract remained in effect. The evaluation
 was completed in August 2008 and the terms of the new .us
 contract were amended. The amended contract expires in October
 2011, with two one-year renewal options exercisable by the
 Department of Commerce. The .biz and .us contracts allow us to
 provide domain name registration services to domain name
 registrars, who pay us on a per-name basis.

We have an exclusive contract with the CTIA The
 Wireless
 Association 

 to serve as the registry operator for the administration of
 U.S. Common Short Codes. U.S. Common Short Codes are
 short strings of numbers to which text messages can be
 addressed a common addressing scheme that works
 across all participating wireless networks. We were awarded this
 contract in October 2003 through an open procurement process by
 the major wireless carriers. In June 2008, the contract was
 amended to include a term through December 2015. We provide
 U.S. Common Short Code registration services to wireless
 content providers, who pay us subscription fees per
 U.S. Common Short Code registered.

9

Table of Contents 

Regulatory
 Environment 

Telephone
 Numbering 

Overview. The Telecommunications Act of 1996
 was enacted to remove barriers to entry in the communications
 market. Among other things, the Telecommunications Act mandates
 portability of telephone numbers and requires traditional
 telephone companies to provide non-discriminatory access and
 interconnection to potential competitors. The FCC has plenary
 jurisdiction over issues relating to telephone numbers,
 including telephone number portability and the administration of
 telephone number resources. Under this authority, the FCC
 promulgated regulations governing the administration of
 telephone numbers and telephone number portability. In 1995, the
 FCC established the North American Numbering Council, a federal
 advisory committee, to advise and make recommendations to the
 FCC on telephone numbering issues, including telephone number
 resources administration and telephone number portability. The
 members of the North American Numbering Council include
 representatives from local exchange carriers, interexchange
 carriers, wireless providers, VoIP providers, manufacturers,
 state regulators, consumer groups, and telecommunications
 associations.

Telephone Number Portability. The
 Telecommunications Act requires telephone number portability,
 which is the ability of users of telecommunications services to
 retain existing telephone numbers without impairment of quality,
 reliability, or convenience when switching from one
 telecommunications service provider to another. Through a series
 of competitive procurements, we were selected by a consortium of
 service providers representing the telecommunications industry
 to develop, build and operate a solution to enable telephone
 number portability in the United States. We ultimately entered
 into seven regional contracts to administer the system that we
 developed, after which the North American Numbering Council
 recommended to the FCC, and the FCC approved, our selection to
 serve as a neutral administrator of telephone number
 portability. The FCC also directed the seven original regional
 entities, each comprising a consortium of service providers
 operating in the respective regions, to manage and oversee the
 administration of telephone number portability in their
 respective regions, subject to North American Numbering
 Council oversight. Under the rules and policies adopted by the
 FCC, North American Portability Management LLC, as successor in
 interest to the seven regional consortiums, has the power and
 authority to negotiate master agreements with an administrator
 of telephone number portability, so long as that administrator
 is neutral.

North American Numbering Plan Administrator and National
 Pooling Administrator. We have contracts with the
 FCC to act as the North American Numbering Plan Administrator
 and the National Pooling Administrator, and we must comply with
 the rules and regulations of the FCC that govern our operations
 in each capacity. We are charged with administering numbering
 resources in an efficient and non-discriminatory manner, in
 accordance with FCC rules and industry guidelines developed
 primarily by the Industry Numbering Committee. These guidelines
 provide governing principles and procedures to be followed in
 the performance of our duties under these contracts. The
 communications industry regularly reviews and revises these
 guidelines to adapt to changed circumstances or as a result of
 the experience of industry participants in applying the
 guidelines. A committee of the North American Numbering Council
 evaluates our performance against these rules and guidelines
 each year and provides an annual review to the North American
 Numbering Council and the FCC. If we violate these rules and
 guidelines, or if we fail to perform at required levels, the FCC
 may reevaluate our fitness to serve as the North American
 Numbering Plan Administrator and the National Pooling
 Administrator and may terminate our contracts or impose fines on
 us. The division of the North American Numbering Council
 responsible for reviewing our performance as the
 North American Numbering Plan Administrator and the
 National Pooling Administrator has determined that, with respect
 to our performance in 2007, we more than met our
 performance guidelines under each such respective review.
 Similar reviews of our performance in 2008 have not yet been
 completed.

Neutrality. Under FCC rules and orders
 establishing the qualifications and obligations of the
 North American Numbering Plan Administrator and National
 Pooling Administrator, and under our contracts with North
 American Portability Management LLC to provide telephone number
 portability services, we are required to comply with neutrality
 regulations and policies. Under these neutrality requirements,
 we are required to operate our numbering plan, pooling
 administration and number portability functions in a neutral and
 impartial manner, which means that we cannot favor any
 particular telecommunications service provider,
 telecommunications industry segment or technology or group of
 telecommunications consumers over any other

10

Table of Contents 

telecommunications service provider, industry segment,
 technology or group of consumers in the conduct of those
 businesses. We are examined periodically on our compliance with
 these requirements by independent third parties. The combined
 effect of our contracts and the FCC s regulations and
 orders requires that we:

not be a telecommunications service provider, which is generally
 defined by the FCC as an entity that offers telecommunications
 services to the public at large, and is, therefore, providing
 telecommunications services on a common carrier basis;

not be an affiliate of a telecommunications service provider,
 which means, among other things, that we:

must restrict the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by
 telecommunications service providers or affiliates of a
 telecommunications service provider; and

may not otherwise, directly or indirectly, control, be
 controlled by, or be under common control with, a
 telecommunications service provider;

not derive a majority of our revenue from any single
 telecommunications service provider; and

not be subject to undue influence by parties with a vested
 interest in the outcome of numbering administration and
 activities. Notwithstanding our satisfaction of the other
 neutrality criteria above, the North American Numbering Council
 or the FCC could determine that we are subject to such undue
 influence. The North American Numbering Council may conduct an
 evaluation to determine whether we meet this undue
 influence criterion.

We are required to maintain confidentiality of competitive
 customer information obtained during the conduct of our
 business. In addition, as part of our neutrality framework, we
 are required to comply with a code of conduct that is designed
 to ensure our continued neutrality. Among other things, our code
 of conduct, which was approved by the FCC, requires that:

we never, directly or indirectly, show any preference or provide
 any special consideration to any telecommunications service
 provider;

we prohibit access by our stockholders to user data and
 proprietary information of telecommunications service providers
 served by us (other than access of employee stockholders that is
 incident to the performance of our numbering administration
 duties);

our shareholders take steps to ensure that they do not disclose
 to us any user data or proprietary information of any
 telecommunications service provider in which they hold an
 interest, other than the sharing of information in connection
 with the performance of our numbering administration duties;

we not share confidential information about our business
 services and operations with employees of any telecommunications
 service provider;

we refrain from simultaneously employing, whether on a full-time
 or part-time basis, any individual who is an employee of a
 telecommunications service provider and that none of our
 employees hold any interest, financial or otherwise, in any
 company that would violate these neutrality standards;

we prohibit any individual who serves in the management of any
 of our stockholders to be involved directly in our day-to-day
 operations;

we implement certain requirements regarding the composition of
 our board of directors;

no member of our board of directors simultaneously serves on the
 board of directors of a telecommunications service
 provider; and

we hire an independent party to conduct a quarterly neutrality
 audit to ensure that we and our stockholders comply with all the
 provisions of our code of conduct.

In connection with the neutrality requirements imposed by our
 code of conduct and under our contracts, we are subject to a
 number of neutrality audits that are performed on a quarterly
 and semi-annual basis. In connection with these audits, all of
 our employees, directors and officers must sign a neutrality
 certification that states that they are

11

Table of Contents 

familiar with our neutrality requirements and have not violated
 them. Failure to comply with applicable neutrality requirements
 could result in government fines, corrective measures,
 curtailment of contracts or even the revocation of contracts.
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our
 Business Failure to comply with neutrality
 requirements could result in loss of significant contracts 
 in Item 1A of this report.

In contemplation of the initial public offering of our
 securities, we sought and obtained FCC approval for a safe
 harbor from previous orders of the FCC that required us to
 seek prior approval from the FCC for any change in our overall
 ownership structure, corporate structure, bylaws, or
 distribution of equity interests, as well as certain types of
 transactions, including the issuance of indebtedness by us.
 Under the safe harbor order, we are required to maintain
 provisions in our organizational and other corporate documents
 that require us to comply with all applicable neutrality rules
 and orders. However, we are no longer required to seek prior
 approval from the FCC for many of these changes and
 transactions, although we are required to provide notice of such
 changes or transactions. In addition, we are subject to the
 following requirements:

we may not issue indebtedness to any entity that is a
 telecommunications service provider or an affiliate of a
 telecommunications service provider without prior approval of
 the FCC;

we may not acquire any equity interest in a telecommunications
 service provider or an affiliate of a telecommunications service
 provider without prior approval of the FCC;

we must restrict any telecommunications service provider or
 affiliate of a telecommunications service provider from
 acquiring or beneficially owning 5 or more of our outstanding
 capital stock;

we must report to the FCC the names of any telecommunications
 service providers or telecommunications service provider
 affiliates that own a 5 or greater interest in our
 company; and

we must make beneficial ownership records available to our
 auditors, and must certify upon request that we have no actual
 knowledge of any ownership of our outstanding capital stock by a
 telecommunications service provider or telecommunications
 service provider affiliate other than as previously disclosed.

Internet
 Domain Name Registrations 

We are also subject to government and industry regulation under
 our Internet registry contracts with the U.S. government
 and ICANN, the industry organization responsible for regulation
 of Internet top-level domains. We are the operator of the .biz
 Internet domain under a contract with ICANN originally granted
 to us in May 2001, which currently runs through December 2012
 and renews automatically thereafter unless it has been
 determined that we have been in fundamental and material breach
 of certain provisions of the agreement and have failed to cure
 such breach. Similarly, pursuant to a contract with the
 U.S. Department of Commerce, we operate the .us Internet
 domain registry. This contract was originally granted in October
 2001 and was renewed in October 2007 for a period of three
 years, with two one-year extension periods exercisable at the
 option of the U.S. Department of Commerce. In response to a
 bid protest filed by one of our competitors, the Department of
 Commerce evaluated the procedures it followed in awarding to us
 the .us contract. Pending resolution of this evaluation,
 performance under our new .us contract was stayed, and the terms
 of our previous .us contract remained in effect. The evaluation
 was completed in August 2008 and the contract terms were
 amended. The amended contract expires in October 2011, with two
 one-year renewal options exercisable by the Department of
 Commerce. Under each of these registry service contracts, we are
 required to:

provide equal access to all registrars of domain names;

comply with Internet standards established by the industry;

implement additional policies as they are adopted by the
 U.S. government or ICANN; and

with respect to the .us registry, establish, operate and ensure
 appropriate content on a kids.us domain to serve as a haven for
 material that promotes positive experiences for children and
 families using the Internet.

12

Table of Contents 

Intellectual
 Property 

Our success depends in part upon our proprietary technology. We
 rely principally upon trade secret and copyright law to protect
 our technology, including our software, network design, and
 subject matter expertise. We enter into confidentiality or
 license agreements with our employees, distributors, customers,
 and potential customers and limit access to and distribution of
 our software, documentation, and other proprietary information.
 We believe, however, that because of the rapid pace of
 technological change, these legal protections for our services
 are less significant factors in our success than the knowledge,
 ability, and experience of our employees and the timeliness and
 quality of services provided by us. With our entry into the IM
 market, we have also sought to protect our technology and our
 ability to deliver our IM solutions to our customers through
 patent prosecution. In addition, we have recently expanded our
 patent efforts in other service offerings.

Available
 Information and Exchange Certifications 

We maintain an Internet website at www.neustar.biz. 
 Information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our
 website is not part of this report. Our annual report on
 Form 10-K, 
 quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 current reports on
 Form 8-K 
 and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to
 Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended, are available on the Investor Relations
 section of our website under the heading SEC Filings by
 NeuStar, as soon as reasonably practicable after we
 electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports
 to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Principles of
 Corporate Governance, Board of Directors committee charters
 (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation
 Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee)
 and code of ethics entitled Corporate Code of Business
 Conduct also are available on the Investor Relations
 section of our website. Stockholders may request free copies of
 these documents, including a copy of our annual report on
 Form 10-K, 
 by sending a written request to our Corporate Secretary at
 NeuStar, Inc., 46000 Center Oak Plaza, Sterling, VA 20166. In
 the event that we make any changes to, or provide any waivers
 from, the provisions of our Corporate Code of Business Conduct,
 we intend to disclose these events on our website or in a report
 on
 Form 8-K 
 within four business days of such event.

Because our common stock is listed on the NYSE, our Chief
 Executive Officer is required to make an annual certification to
 the NYSE stating that he is not aware of any violation by us of
 the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE. Our
 Chief Executive Officer made his annual certification to that
 effect to the NYSE on July 11, 2008. In addition, we have
 filed, as an exhibit to this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 the certification of our principal executive officer and
 principal financial officer required under Section 302 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to be filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission regarding the quality of our public
 disclosure.

Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements. In some cases,
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
 as may, will, should, 
 expects, intends, plans, 
 anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, 
 potential, continue or the negative of
 these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements
 relate to future events or our future financial performance and
 involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
 that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
 performance or achievements to differ materially from any future
 results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
 expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Many
 of these risks are beyond our ability to control or predict.
 These risks and other factors include those listed under
 Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report and
 elsewhere in this report and include:

failures or interruptions of our systems and services;

security or privacy breaches;

loss of, or damage to, a data center;

termination, modification or non-renewal of our contracts to
 provide telephone number portability and other clearinghouse
 services;

13

Table of Contents 

adverse changes in statutes or regulations affecting the
 communications industry;

our failure to adapt to rapid technological change in the
 communications industry;

competition from our customers in-house systems or from
 other providers of addressing, interoperability or
 infrastructure services;

our failure to achieve or sustain market acceptance at desired
 pricing levels;

a decline in the volume of transactions we handle;

inability to manage our growth;

economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with
 our potential expansion into international markets;

inability to obtain sufficient capital to fund our operations,
 capital expenditures and expansion; and

loss of members of senior management, or inability to recruit
 and retain skilled employees.

ITEM 1A. 

RISK
 FACTORS 

Risks
 Related to Our Business 

The
 loss of, or damage to, a data center or any other failure or
 interruption to our network infrastructure could materially harm
 our revenue and impair our ability to conduct our
 operations. 

Because virtually all of the services we provide require
 communications service providers to query a copy of our
 continuously updated databases and directories to obtain
 necessary routing and other essential operational data, the
 integrity of our data centers, including network elements
 managed by third parties throughout the world, and the systems
 through which we deliver our services is essential to our
 business. Notably, our data centers and related systems are
 essential to the orderly operation of the
 U.S. telecommunications system because they enable CSPs to
 ensure that telephone calls are routed to the appropriate
 destinations.

Our system architecture is integral to our ability to process a
 high volume of transactions in a timely and effective manner.
 Moreover, both we and our customers rely on hardware, software
 and other equipment developed, supported and maintained by
 third-party providers. We could experience failures or
 interruptions of our systems and services, or other problems in
 connection with our operations, as a result of:

damage to, or failure of, our computer software or hardware or
 our connections and outsourced service arrangements with third
 parties;

failure of, or defects in, the third party systems, software or
 equipment on which we or our customers rely to access our data
 centers and other systems;

errors in the processing of data by our system;

computer viruses or software defects;

physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, distributed denial
 of service, or DDoS, attacks, intentional acts of vandalism and
 similar events;

increased capacity demands or changes in systems requirements of
 our customers;

power loss, natural disasters, or telecommunications
 failures; or

errors by our employees or third-party service providers.

We may not have sufficient redundant systems or
 back-up 
 facilities to allow us to receive and process data in the event
 of one of the foregoing events. Further, we have increased the
 scope of services that we provide, which has increased the
 complexity of our network infrastructure. As the scope of
 services we provide expands or changes in the future, we may be
 required to make significant expenditures to establish new data
 centers from which we may provide services. Moreover, as we add
 customers, expand our service offerings and increase our
 visibility in the

14

Table of Contents 

market, the likelihood that we will become a target of physical
 or electronic break-ins, sabotage, DDoS attacks, intentional
 acts of vandalism and similar events increases. If we cannot
 adequately protect the ability of our data centers and related
 systems to perform consistently at a high level and without
 interruptions, or otherwise fail to meet our customers 
 expectations:

our reputation may be damaged, which may adversely affect our
 ability to attract or retain customers for our existing
 services, and may also make it more difficult for us to market
 our services;

we may be subject to significant penalties or damages claims,
 under our contracts or otherwise, including the requirement to
 pay substantial penalties related to service level requirements
 in our contracts;

we may be required to make significant expenditures to repair or
 replace equipment, third party systems or, in some cases, an
 entire data center, or to establish new data centers and systems
 from which we may provide services;

our operating expenses or capital expenditures may increase as a
 result of corrective efforts that we must perform;

our customers may postpone or cancel subsequently scheduled work
 or reduce their use of our services; or

one or more of our significant contracts may be terminated
 early, or may not be renewed.

Any of these consequences would adversely affect our revenue,
 performance and business prospects.

Security
 breaches could result in significant liabilities, interruptions
 of service or reduced quality of service, which could increase
 our costs or result in a reduction in the use of our services by
 our customers. 

Our systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer
 viruses, attacks by computer hackers or similar disruptive
 problems. If unauthorized users gain access to our databases,
 they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify sensitive
 information that is stored or transmitted on our networks and
 that we are required by our contracts and FCC rules to keep
 confidential. Such a security or privacy breach could subject us
 to significant penalties as well as claims for damages under our
 contracts. Further, a security or privacy breach could result in
 an interruption of service or reduced quality of service, and we
 may be required to make significant expenditures in connection
 with corrective efforts we are required to perform. In addition,
 a security or privacy breach may harm our reputation and cause
 our customers to reduce their use of our services, which could
 harm our revenue and business prospects.

Our
 seven contracts with North American Portability Management LLC
 represent in the aggregate a substantial portion of our revenue,
 are not exclusive and could be terminated or modified in ways
 unfavorable to us, and we may be unable to renew these contracts
 at the end of their term. 

Our seven contracts with North American Portability Management
 LLC, an industry group that represents all telecommunications
 service providers in the United States, to provide telephone
 number portability and other clearinghouse services are not
 exclusive and could be terminated or modified in ways
 unfavorable to us. These seven separate contracts, each of which
 represented between 6 and 14 of our total revenue in 2008,
 represented in the aggregate approximately 68 of our total
 revenue in 2008. North American Portability Management LLC
 could, at any time, solicit or receive proposals from other
 providers to provide services that are the same as or similar to
 ours. In addition, these contracts have finite terms and are
 currently scheduled to expire in June 2015. Furthermore, any of
 these contracts could be terminated in advance of its scheduled
 expiration date in limited circumstances, most notably if we are
 in default of these agreements. Although these contracts do not
 contain cross-default provisions, conditions leading to a
 default by us under one of our contracts could lead to a default
 under others, or all seven.

We may be unable to renew these contracts on acceptable terms
 when they are considered for renewal if we fail to meet our
 customers expectations, including for performance or other
 reasons, or if another provider offers to provide the same or
 similar services at a lower cost. In addition, competitive
 forces resulting from the possible entrance of a competitive
 provider could create significant pricing pressure, which could
 then cause us to reduce the selling price of our services under
 our contracts. If these contracts are terminated or modified in
 a manner that is adverse to us, or if we are unable to renew
 these contracts on acceptable terms upon their expiration, it
 would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
 financial condition and results of operations.

15

Table of Contents 

Certain
 of our other contracts may be terminated or we may be unable to
 renew these contracts, which may reduce the number of services
 we can offer and damage our reputation. 

In addition to our contracts with North American Portability
 Management LLC, we rely on other contracts to provide other
 services that we offer, including the contracts that appoint us
 to serve as the:

North American Numbering Plan Administrator, under which we
 maintain the authoritative database of telephone numbering
 resources in North America;

National Pooling Administrator, under which we perform the
 administrative functions associated with the administration and
 management of telephone number inventory and allocation of
 pooled blocks of unassigned telephone numbers;

provider of number portability services in Canada;

operator of the .us registry;

operator of the .biz registry; and

operator of the registry of U.S. Common Short Codes.

Each of these contracts provides for early termination in
 limited circumstances, most notably if we are in default. In
 addition, our contracts to serve as the North American Numbering
 Plan Administrator and as the National Pooling Administrator and
 to operate the .us registry, each of which is with the
 U.S. government, may be terminated by the government at
 will. If we fail to meet the expectations of the FCC, the
 U.S. Department of Commerce or our customers, as the case
 may be, for any reason, including for performance-related or
 other reasons, or if another provider offers to perform the same
 or similar services for a lower price, we may be unable to
 extend or renew these contracts. Further, with respect to the
 renewal or extension of any of our government contracts, we may
 be subject to bid protests from a competitor, which may require
 the dedication of substantial company resources, and may result
 in the loss of the contract. If we were unable to renew or
 extend any of these contracts, the number of services we are
 able to offer may be reduced, which would adversely affect our
 revenue from the provision of these services. Further, each of
 the contracts listed above establishes us as the sole provider
 of the particular services covered by that contract during its
 term. If one of these contracts were terminated, or if we were
 unable to renew or extend the term of any particular contract,
 we would no longer be able to provide the services covered by
 that contract and could suffer a loss of prestige that would
 make it more difficult for us to compete for contracts to
 provide similar services in the future.

Failure
 to comply with neutrality requirements could result in loss of
 significant contracts. 

Pursuant to orders and regulations of the U.S. government
 and provisions contained in our material contracts, we must
 continue to comply with certain neutrality requirements, meaning
 generally that we cannot favor any particular telecommunications
 service provider, telecommunications industry segment or
 technology or group of telecommunications consumers over any
 other telecommunications service provider, industry segment,
 technology or group of consumers in the conduct of our business.
 The FCC oversees our compliance with the neutrality requirements
 applicable to us in connection with some of the services we
 provide. We provide to the FCC and the North American Numbering
 Council, a federal advisory committee established by the FCC to
 advise and make recommendations on telephone numbering issues,
 regular certifications relating to our compliance with these
 requirements. Our ability to comply with the neutrality
 requirements to which we are subject may be affected by the
 activities of our stockholders or other parties. For example, if
 the ownership of our capital stock subjects us to undue
 influence by parties with a vested interest in the outcome of
 numbering administration, the FCC could determine that we are
 not in compliance with our neutrality obligations. Our failure
 to continue to comply with the neutrality requirements to which
 we are subject under applicable orders and regulations of the
 U.S. government and commercial contracts may result in
 fines, corrective measures or termination of our contracts, any
 one of which could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of operations.

16

Table of Contents 

Regulatory
 and statutory changes that affect us or the communications
 industry in general may increase our costs or otherwise
 adversely affect our business. 

The FCC has regulatory authority over certain aspects of our
 operations, most notably our compliance with our neutrality
 requirements. We are also affected by business risks specific to
 the regulated communications industry. Moreover, the business of
 our customers is subject to regulation that indirectly affects
 our business. As communications technologies and the
 communications industry continue to evolve, the statutes
 governing the communications industry or the regulatory policies
 of the FCC may change. If this were to occur, the demand for our
 services could change in ways that we cannot predict and our
 revenue could decline. These risks include the ability of the
 federal government, most notably the FCC, to:

increase regulatory oversight over the services we provide;

adopt or modify statutes, regulations, policies, procedures or
 programs that are disadvantageous to the services we provide, or
 that are inconsistent with our current or future plans, or that
 require modification of the terms of our existing contracts,
 including the manner in which we charge for certain of our
 services. For example,

In November 2005, BellSouth Corporation filed a petition with
 the FCC seeking changes in the way our customers are billed for
 services provided by us under our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC; and

After the amendment of our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC in September 2006, Telcordia
 Technologies, Inc. filed a petition with the FCC requesting an
 order that would require North American Portability Management
 LLC to conduct a new bidding process to appoint a provider of
 telephone number portability services in the United States,
 which Telcordia has continued to pursue in response to our
 amendment of these contracts in January 2009. If successful,
 this petition could result in the loss of one or more of our
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC or
 otherwise frustrate our strategic plans;

prohibit us from entering into new contracts or extending
 existing contracts to provide services to the communications
 industry based on actual or suspected violations of our
 neutrality requirements, business performance concerns, or other
 reasons;

adopt or modify statutes, regulations, policies, procedures or
 programs in a way that could cause changes to our operations or
 costs or the operations of our customers;

appoint, or cause others to appoint, substitute or add
 additional parties to perform the services that we currently
 provide; and

prohibit or restrict the provision or export of new or expanded
 services under our contracts, or prevent the introduction of
 other services not under the contracts based upon restrictions
 within the contracts or in FCC policies.

In addition, we are subject to risks arising out of the
 delegation of the Department of Commerce s responsibilities
 for the domain name system to the International Corporation for
 Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN. Changes in the regulations
 or statutes to which our customers are subject could cause our
 customers to alter or decrease the services they purchase from
 us. We cannot predict when, or upon what terms and conditions,
 further regulation or deregulation might occur or the effect
 future regulation or deregulation may have on our business.

If we
 do not adapt to rapid technological change, we could lose
 customers or market share. 

Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change and
 frequent new service offerings. Significant technological
 changes could make our technology and services obsolete. We must
 adapt to our rapidly changing market by continually improving
 the features, functionality, reliability and responsiveness of
 our addressing, interoperability and infrastructure services,
 and by developing new features, services and applications to
 meet changing customer needs. Our ability to take advantage of
 opportunities in the market may require us to invest in

17

Table of Contents 

development and incur other expenses well in advance of our
 ability to generate revenue from these services. We cannot
 guarantee that we will be able to adapt to these challenges or
 respond successfully or in a cost-effective way, particularly in
 the early stages of launching a new service. Further, we may
 experience delays in the development of one or more features of
 our solutions, which could materially reduce the potential
 benefits to us for providing these services. In addition, there
 can be no assurance that our solutions will be adopted by
 potential customers, or that we will be able to reach acceptable
 contract terms with customers to provide these services. Our
 failure to adapt to meet market demand in a cost-effective
 manner could adversely affect our ability to compete and retain
 customers or market share.

Our
 customers face implementation and support challenges in
 introducing
 IP-based 
 services, which may slow their rate of adoption or
 implementation of our solutions. 

Historically, communications service providers have been
 relatively slow to implement new, complex services such as
 instant messaging and other
 IP-based 
 communications. For example, during 2008, we witnessed slower
 than anticipated deployment of our mobile instant messaging
 solutions by our carrier customers. We have limited or no
 control over, and cannot accurately predict, the pace at which
 communications service providers implement these new
 IP-based 
 services. Moreover, the launch of new
 IP-based 
 services by communications service providers requires
 significant expenditures by our customers to market and drive
 adoption by end users. We cannot control the decision over
 whether such expenditures will occur or the timing of such
 expenditures. In turn, even if CSPs attempt to drive adoption of
 new IP-based 
 services, our future revenue and profits will also depend, in
 part, on the wide adoption of such services by end users. For
 instance, we may be required to expend substantial resources to
 support the efforts of our customers to market and drive the
 adoption of our mobile instant messaging services by end users.
 The failure of, or delay by, communications service providers to
 introduce and support
 IP-based 
 services utilizing our solutions in a timely and effective
 manner, or the failure by end users to adopt such services,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and
 operating results.

The
 market for certain of our addressing, interoperability, and
 infrastructure services is competitive, which could result in
 fewer customer orders, reduced revenue or margins or loss of
 market share. 

Our services frequently compete against the in-house systems of
 our customers. In addition, although we are not a
 telecommunications service provider, we compete in some areas
 against communications service companies, communications
 software companies and system integrators that provide systems
 and services used by CSPs to manage their networks and internal
 operations in connection with telephone number portability,
 instant messaging and other communications transactions. We face
 competition from large, well-funded providers of addressing,
 interoperability and infrastructure services. Moreover, we are
 aware of other companies that are focusing significant resources
 on developing and marketing services that will compete with us.
 We anticipate continued growth of competition. Some of our
 current and potential competitors have significantly more
 employees and greater financial, technical, marketing and other
 resources than we have. Our competitors may be able to respond
 more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in
 customer requirements than we can. Also, many of our current and
 potential competitors have greater name recognition that they
 can use to their advantage. Increased competition could result
 in fewer customer orders, reduced revenue, reduced margins or
 loss of market share, any of which would harm our business.

Our
 strategic initiatives relating to mobile instant messaging may
 be frustrated by the actions of other industry participants with
 strategic objectives that are different than ours, as well as
 those of our competitors. 

Our mobile instant messaging solutions are integrated with the
 systems of our CSP customers and with mobile devices, and rely
 in part on our ability to interoperate with large Internet
 portals such as Yahoo! and Microsoft. Because our strategic
 objectives may not be aligned with those of our customers or the
 Internet portals, and because our customers and the Internet
 portals may not agree on the manner in which mobile instant
 messaging should operate, our ability to execute on our strategy
 may be frustrated. As a result, revenue from our instant
 messaging solutions may not grow as expected and may decline. In
 addition, some of our mobile instant messaging solutions rely on
 the use of open standards. If we are unable to integrate our
 instant messaging solutions with systems used by

18

Table of Contents 

our customers or device manufacturers because they do not adopt
 open standards or otherwise, revenue from our instant messaging
 solutions may not grow as expected and may decline. Moreover,
 the proliferation of open standards and protocols could make it
 easier for new market entrants and existing competitors to
 introduce products that compete with our solutions, which could
 adversely affect our business and operating results.

If we
 were unable to protect our intellectual property rights
 adequately, the value of our services and solutions could be
 diminished. 

Our success is dependent in part on obtaining, maintaining and
 enforcing our proprietary rights and our ability to avoid
 infringing on the proprietary rights of others. While we take
 precautionary steps to protect our technological advantages and
 intellectual property and rely in part on patent, trademark,
 trade secret and copyright laws, we cannot assure that the
 precautionary steps we have taken will completely protect our
 intellectual property rights. Because patent applications in the
 United States are maintained in secrecy until either the patent
 application is published or a patent is issued, we may not be
 aware of third-party patents, patent applications and other
 intellectual property relevant to our services and solutions
 that may block our use of our intellectual property or may be
 used by third-parties who compete with our services and
 solutions.

As we expand our business and introduce new services and
 solutions, there may be an increased risk of infringement and
 other intellectual property claims by third parties. From time
 to time, we and our customers may receive claims alleging
 infringement of intellectual property rights, or may become
 aware of certain third party patents that may relate to our
 services and solutions. For example, our instant messaging
 solutions are designed to conform to Open Mobile Alliance, or
 OMA, specifications and those of other standards bodies. To the
 extent that any individual or organization that has contributed
 intellectual property to OMA or other standards bodies claims
 that it has retained its rights relating to such intellectual
 property, we may be subject to claims of infringement by such
 individuals or organizations, some of which have greater
 financial resources and larger intellectual property portfolios
 than our own.

Additionally, some of our customer agreements require that we
 indemnify our customers for infringement claims resulting from
 their use of our intellectual property embedded in their
 products. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual
 property could be costly and time consuming and could divert our
 management and key personnel from our business operations. The
 complexity of the technology involved, and the number of parties
 holding intellectual property within the communications
 industry, increase the risks associated with intellectual
 property litigation. Moreover, the commercial success of our
 services and solutions may increase the risk that an
 infringement claim may be made against us. Royalty or licensing
 arrangements, if required, may not be available on terms
 acceptable to us, if at all. Any infringement claim successfully
 asserted against us or against a customer for which we have an
 obligation to defend could result in costly litigation, the
 payment of substantial damages, and an injunction that prohibits
 us from continuing to offer the service or solution in question,
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, operating results and financial condition.

Our
 intellectual property could be misappropriated, which could
 force us to become involved in expensive and time-consuming
 litigation. 

Our ability to compete and continue to provide technological
 innovation is substantially dependent upon internally developed
 technology. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, and
 trade secret laws to protect our intellectual property or
 proprietary rights in such technology. Despite our efforts to
 protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights,
 unauthorized parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our
 products, technology or trademarks. Effectively policing our
 intellectual property is time consuming and costly, and the
 steps taken by us may not prevent infringement of our
 intellectual property or proprietary rights in our products,
 technology and trademarks, particularly in foreign countries
 where in many instances the local laws or legal systems do not
 offer the same level of protection as in the United States.

19

Table of Contents 

Our
 failure to achieve or sustain market acceptance at desired
 pricing levels could impact our ability to maintain
 profitability or positive cash flow. 

Our competitors and customers may cause us to reduce the prices
 we charge for our services and solutions. The primary sources of
 pricing pressure include:

competitors offering our customers services at reduced prices,
 or bundling and pricing services in a manner that makes it
 difficult for us to compete. For example, a competing provider
 of interoperability services might offer its services at lower
 rates than we do, a competing domain name registry provider may
 reduce its prices for domain name registration or an ISP or a
 competitor may offer mobile instant messaging solutions at
 reduced prices or at no cost to the customer;

customers with a significant volume of transactions may have
 enhanced leverage in pricing negotiations with us; and

if our prices are too high, potential customers may find it
 economically advantageous to handle certain functions internally
 instead of using our services.

We may not be able to offset the effects of any price reductions
 by increasing the number of transactions we handle or the number
 of customers we serve, by generating higher revenue from
 enhanced services or by reducing our costs.

A
 significant decline in the volume of transactions we handle
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations. 

Under our contracts with North American Portability Management
 LLC, we earn revenue for telephone number portability services
 on an annual, fixed-fee basis. However, in the event that the
 volume of transactions in a given year is above or below the
 contractually established volume range for that year, the
 fixed-fee may be adjusted up or down, respectively, with any
 such adjustment being applied to the following year s
 invoices. In addition, under our contract with the Canadian LNP
 Consortium Inc., we earn revenue on a per transaction basis. As
 a result, if industry participants in the United States reduce
 their usage of our services in a particular year to levels below
 the established volume range for that year or if industry
 participants in Canada reduce their usage of our services from
 their current levels, our revenue and results of operations may
 suffer. For example, consolidation in the industry could result
 in a decline in transactions if the remaining CSPs decide to
 handle changes to their networks internally rather than use the
 services that we provide. Moreover, if customer churn among CSPs
 in the industry stabilizes or declines, or if CSPs do not
 compete vigorously to lure customers away from their
 competitors, use of our telephone number portability and other
 services may decline. If CSPs develop internal systems to
 address their infrastructure needs, or if the cost of such
 transactions makes it impractical for a given carrier to use our
 services for these purposes, we may experience a reduction in
 transaction volumes. Finally, the trends that we believe will
 drive the future demand for our clearinghouse services, such as
 the emergence of IP services, growth of wireless services,
 consolidation in the industry, and pressure on carriers to
 reduce costs, may not actually result in increased demand for
 our existing services or for the ancillary directory services
 that we expect to offer, which would harm our future revenue and
 growth prospects.

If we
 are unable to manage our costs, our profits could be adversely
 affected. 

Historically, sustaining our growth has placed significant
 demands on our management as well as on our administrative,
 operational and financial resources. For us to continue to
 manage our expanded operations, as well as any future growth, we
 must continue to improve our operational, financial and
 management information systems and expand, motivate and manage
 our workforce. If we are unable to successfully manage our costs
 without compromising our quality of service, or if new systems
 that we implement to assist in managing our operations do not
 produce the expected benefits, we may experience higher turnover
 in our customer base and our revenue and profits could be
 adversely affected.

20

Table of Contents 

We may
 be unable to complete suitable acquisitions, or we may undertake
 acquisitions that could increase our costs or liabilities or be
 disruptive to our business. 

We have made a number of acquisitions in the past, and one of
 our strategies is to pursue acquisitions selectively in the
 future. We may not be able to locate suitable acquisition
 candidates at prices that we consider appropriate or on terms
 that are satisfactory to us. If we do identify an appropriate
 acquisition candidate, we may not be able to successfully
 negotiate the terms or, if the acquisition occurs, integrate the
 acquired business into our existing business. Acquisitions of
 businesses or other material operations may require additional
 debt or equity financing, resulting in additional leverage or
 dilution to our stockholders. Integration of acquired business
 operations could disrupt our business by diverting management
 away from day-to-day operations. The difficulties of integration
 may be increased by the necessity of coordinating geographically
 dispersed organizations, integrating personnel with disparate
 business backgrounds and combining different corporate cultures.
 We also may not realize cost efficiencies or synergies or other
 benefits that we anticipated when selecting our acquisition
 candidates, and we may be required to invest significant capital
 and resources after acquisition to maintain or grow the
 businesses that we acquire. In addition, we may need to record
 write-downs from impairments of goodwill or intangible assets
 that occur after the closing of the transaction, which could
 reduce our future reported earnings. If we fail to successfully
 integrate and support the operations of the businesses we
 acquire, or if anticipated revenue enhancements and cost savings
 are not realized from these acquired businesses, our business,
 results of operations and financial condition would be
 materially adversely affected. Further, at times, acquisition
 candidates may have liabilities, neutrality-related risks or
 adverse operating issues that we fail to discover through due
 diligence prior to the acquisition. The failure to discover such
 issues prior to such acquisition could have a material adverse
 effect on our business and results of operations.

An
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or long-lived
 assets could negatively impact our consolidated results of
 operations and net worth. 

Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not
 amortized, but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or
 more frequently if impairment indicators are present. In
 general, long-lived assets are only reviewed for impairment if
 impairment indicators are present. In assessing goodwill and
 long-lived assets for impairment, we make significant estimates
 and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions about
 market penetration, anticipated growth rates, and risk-adjusted
 discount rates based on our budgets, business plans, economic
 projections, anticipated future cash flows and industry data.
 Some of the estimates and assumptions used by management have a
 high degree of subjectivity and require significant judgment on
 the part of management. This is particularly the case for our
 NGM business due to its early stage of operations and the
 emerging nature of mobile instant messaging technology. Changes
 in estimates and assumptions in the context of our impairment
 testing may have a material impact, and any potential impairment
 charges could substantially affect our financial results in the
 periods of such charges.

Our
 expansion into international markets may be subject to
 uncertainties that could increase our costs to comply with
 regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, disrupt our
 operations, and require increased focus from our
 management. 

Our instant messaging solutions predominantly target
 international markets. In addition, we are pursuing, and we
 intend to pursue in the future, other international business
 opportunities. International operations and business expansion
 plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including:

economic and political risks in foreign jurisdictions in which
 we operate or seek to operate;

difficulty of enforcing contracts and collecting receivables
 through some foreign legal systems;

differences in foreign laws and regulations, including foreign
 tax, intellectual property, labor and contract law, as well as
 unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements;

differing technology standards and pace of adoption;

export restrictions on encryption and other technologies;

21

Table of Contents 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and any imposition of
 currency exchange controls;

increased competition by local, regional, or global
 companies; and

difficulties associated with managing a large organization
 spread throughout various countries.

If we continue to expand our business globally, our success will
 depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and
 effectively manage these and other risks associated with our
 international operations. However, any of these factors could
 adversely affect our international operations and, consequently,
 our operating results.

Our
 senior management is important to our customer relationships,
 and the loss of one or more of our senior managers could have a
 negative impact on our business. 

We believe that our success depends in part on the continued
 contributions of our senior management. We rely on our executive
 officers and senior management to generate business and execute
 programs successfully. In addition, the relationships and
 reputation that members of our management team have established
 and maintain with our customers and our regulators contribute to
 our ability to maintain good customer relations. If we do not
 retain our senior management, or if we fail to plan adequately
 for the succession of such individuals, our customer
 relationships, results of operations and financial condition may
 be adversely affected.

We
 must recruit and retain skilled employees to succeed in our
 business, and our failure to recruit and retain qualified
 employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our
 business. 

We believe that an integral part of our success is our ability
 to recruit and retain employees who have advanced skills in the
 services and solutions that we provide and who work well with
 our customers in the regulated environment in which we operate.
 In particular, we must hire and retain employees with the
 technical expertise and industry knowledge necessary to maintain
 and continue to develop our operations and must effectively
 manage our growing sales and marketing organization to ensure
 the growth of our operations. Our future success depends on the
 ability of our sales and marketing organization to establish
 direct sales channels and to develop multiple distribution
 channels with Internet service providers and other third
 parties. The employees with the skills we require are in great
 demand and are likely to remain a limited resource in the
 foreseeable future. If we are unable to recruit and retain a
 sufficient number of these employees at all levels, our ability
 to maintain and grow our business could be negatively impacted.

Risks
 Related to the Financial Market Conditions 

The
 recent financial crisis could negatively affect market
 utilization of our existing and new services and may harm our
 financial results. 

Our success depends on our ability to generate revenues from our
 existing services and our introduction of new services,
 extensions of existing services and geographic expansion. For
 some of the services we provide, the market has only recently
 developed, and the viability and profitability of these services
 is unproven. Our ability to grow our business will be
 compromised if we do not develop and market services that
 achieve broad market acceptance with our current and potential
 customers. If our service offerings do not gain widespread
 market acceptance, our financial results could suffer. The
 global economic disruption experienced during the second half of
 2008, and any continuing unfavorable changes in economic
 conditions, may result in lower overall spending by our current
 and potential customers, and adversely affect our ability to
 generate revenue from our existing services, introduce new
 services or extensions of existing services and expand
 geographically. If the economic downturn is prolonged, we may
 have difficulty in maintaining and establishing a market for our
 existing and new services and our financial performance may
 suffer.

Funds
 invested in auction rate securities that we hold may not be
 accessible in the short term, and we may be required to adjust
 the carrying value of these securities through an asset
 impairment charge. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had investments in auction rate
 securities, or ARS, with an aggregate par value totaling
 approximately 41.7 million, all of which are classified as
 noncurrent. Our ARS are floating rate securities with long-term
 maturities, certain of which have underlying assets that are
 guaranteed by third parties, and all of

22

Table of Contents 

which were marketed by financial institutions with auction reset
 dates primarily at 28 or 35 day intervals to provide
 short-term liquidity. Beginning in February 2008, auctions for
 these securities began to fail, which has decreased the
 short-term liquidity of these securities and caused the interest
 rates earned on these securities to increase. The remaining
 contractual maturities of these securities range from 16 to
 38 years. We will not be able to access these remaining
 funds until a future auction for these ARS is successful, we
 sell the securities in a secondary market, or they are redeemed
 by the issuer. We can make no assurance that we would be able to
 sell our ARS in a secondary market at a favorable price or
 otherwise. We have the right to require the issuer of our ARS to
 repurchase the ARS at par value beginning on June 30, 2010.
 If the credit rating of either the issuer of the ARS or the
 third-party insurers of the underlying investments deteriorates,
 we may be required to further adjust the carrying value of the
 ARS through a loss in current period earnings.

We may
 need additional capital in the future and it may not be
 available on acceptable terms. 

We have historically relied on outside financing and cash flow
 from operations to fund our operations, capital expenditures and
 expansion. We may require additional capital in the future to
 fund our operations, finance investments in equipment or
 infrastructure, or respond to competitive pressures or strategic
 opportunities. However, our neutrality requirements may limit or
 prohibit our ability to obtain debt or equity financing by
 restricting the ability of certain parties from acquiring our
 stock or our debt, or the amount that such parties may acquire.
 In addition, difficulties in the global credit markets have
 resulted in a substantial decrease in the availability of
 credit. Some commercial banks are refusing to provide financing,
 others are imposing more onerous terms on borrowers, including
 higher interest rates. As a result, additional financing may not
 be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. Further, the
 terms of available financing may place limits on our financial
 and operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain sufficient
 capital in the future, we may:

not be able to continue to meet customer demand for service
 quality, availability and competitive pricing;

be forced to reduce our operations;

not be able to expand or acquire complementary
 businesses; and

not be able to develop new services or otherwise respond to
 changing business conditions or competitive pressures.

Risks
 Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
 common stock price may be volatile. 

The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate
 widely. Fluctuations in the market price of our Class A
 common stock could be caused by many things, including:

our perceived prospects and the prospects of the telephone and
 Internet industries in general;

differences between our actual financial and operating results
 and those expected by investors and analysts;

changes in analysts recommendations or projections;

changes in general valuations for communications companies;

adoption or modification of regulations, policies, procedures or
 programs applicable to our business;

sales of our Class A common stock by our officers,
 directors or principal stockholders;

sales of significant amounts of our Class A common stock in
 the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur;

sales of our Class A common stock due to a required
 divestiture under the terms of our certificate of
 incorporation; and

changes in general economic or market conditions and broad
 market fluctuations.

23

Table of Contents 

Each of these factors, among others, could have a material
 adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common
 stock. Recently, the stock market in general has experienced
 extreme price fluctuations. This volatility has had a
 substantial effect on the market prices of securities issued by
 many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating
 performance of the specific companies. Some companies that have
 had volatile market prices for their securities have had
 securities class action suits filed against them. If a suit were
 to be filed against us, regardless of the outcome, it could
 result in substantial costs and a diversion of our
 management s attention and resources. This could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
 condition and results of operations.

Delaware
 law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest
 difficult, and the market price of our Class A common stock
 may be lower as a result. 

We are a Delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions
 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or
 prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a
 business combination with an interested stockholder for a period
 of three years after the person becomes an interested
 stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to
 our existing stockholders. In addition, our certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a
 change in our management or control over us that stockholders
 may consider favorable. Our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws:

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred
 stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a
 takeover attempt;

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which
 would otherwise enable holders of less than a majority of our
 voting securities to elect some of our directors;

establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which
 the successors to the directors whose terms have expired will be
 elected to serve from the time of election and qualification
 until the third annual meeting following election;

require that directors only be removed from office for cause;

provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including
 newly-created directorships, may be filled only by a majority
 vote of directors then in office;

disqualify any individual from serving on our board if such
 individual s service as a director would cause us to
 violate our neutrality requirements;

limit who may call special meetings of stockholders;

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all
 actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; and

establish advance notice requirements for nominating candidates
 for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters
 that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings.

In
 order to comply with our neutrality requirements, our
 certificate of incorporation contains ownership and transfer
 restrictions relating to telecommunications service providers
 and their affiliates, which may inhibit potential acquisition
 bids that our stockholders may consider favorable, and the
 market price of our Class A common stock may be lower as a
 result. 

In order to comply with neutrality requirements imposed by the
 FCC in its orders and rules, no entity that qualifies as a
 telecommunications service provider or affiliate of
 a telecommunications service provider, as such terms are defined
 under the Communications Act of 1934 and FCC rules and orders,
 may beneficially own 5 or more of our capital stock. As a
 result, subject to limited exceptions, our certificate of
 incorporation prohibits any telecommunications service provider
 or affiliate of a telecommunications service provider from
 beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our
 outstanding capital stock. Among other things, our certificate
 of incorporation provides that:

if one of our stockholders experiences a change in status or
 other event that results in the stockholder violating this
 restriction, or if any transfer of our stock occurs that, if
 effective, would violate the 5 restriction, we may

24

Table of Contents 

elect to purchase the excess shares (i.e., the shares that cause
 the violation of the restriction) or require that the excess
 shares be sold to a third party whose ownership will not violate
 the restriction;

pending a required divestiture of these excess shares, the
 holder whose beneficial ownership violates the 5 restriction
 may not vote the shares in excess of the 5 threshold; and

if our board of directors, or its permitted designee, determines
 that a transfer, attempted transfer or other event violating
 this restriction has taken place, we must take whatever action
 we deem advisable to prevent or refuse to give effect to the
 transfer, including refusal to register the transfer, disregard
 of any vote of the shares by the prohibited owner, or the
 institution of proceedings to enjoin the transfer.

Our board of directors has the authority to make determinations
 as to whether any particular holder of our capital stock is a
 telecommunications service provider or an affiliate of a
 telecommunications service provider. Any person who acquires, or
 attempts or intends to acquire, beneficial ownership of our
 stock that will or may violate this restriction must notify us
 as provided in our certificate of incorporation. In addition,
 any person who becomes the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our
 stock must notify us and certify that such person is not a
 telecommunications service provider or an affiliate of a
 telecommunications service provider. If a 5 stockholder fails
 to supply the required certification, we are authorized to treat
 that stockholder as a prohibited owner meaning,
 among other things, that we may elect to purchase the excess
 shares or require that the excess shares be sold to a third
 party whose ownership will not violate the restriction. We may
 request additional information from our stockholders to ensure
 compliance with this restriction. Our board will treat any
 group, as that term is defined in
 Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 a single person for purposes of applying the ownership and
 transfer restrictions in our certificate of incorporation.

Nothing in our certificate of incorporation restricts our
 ability to purchase shares of our capital stock. If a purchase
 by us of shares of our capital stock results in a
 stockholder s percentage interest in our outstanding
 capital stock increasing to over the 5 threshold, such
 stockholder must deliver the required certification regarding
 such stockholder s status as a telecommunications service
 provider or affiliate of a telecommunications service provider.
 In addition, to the extent that a repurchase by us of shares of
 our capital stock causes any stockholder to violate the
 restrictions on ownership and transfer contained in our
 certificate of incorporation, that stockholder will be subject
 to all of the provisions applicable to prohibited owners,
 including required divestiture and loss of voting rights.

These restrictions and requirements may:

discourage industry participants that might have otherwise been
 interested in acquiring us from making a tender offer or
 proposing some other form of transaction that could involve a
 premium price for our shares or otherwise be in the best
 interests of our stockholders; and

discourage investment in us by other investors who are
 telecommunications service providers or who may be deemed to be
 affiliates of a telecommunications service provider.

The standards for determining whether an entity is a
 telecommunications service provider are established
 by the FCC. In general, a telecommunications service provider is
 an entity that offers telecommunications services to the public
 at large, and is, therefore, providing telecommunications
 services on a common carrier basis. Moreover, a party will be
 deemed to be an affiliate of a telecommunications service
 provider if that party controls, is controlled by, or is under
 common control with, a telecommunications service provider. A
 party is deemed to control another if that party, directly or
 indirectly:

owns 10 or more of the total outstanding equity of the other
 party;

has the power to vote 10 or more of the securities having
 ordinary voting power for the election of the directors or
 management of the other party; or

has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
 and policies of the other party.

The standards for determining whether an entity is a
 telecommunications service provider or an affiliate of a
 telecommunications service provider and the rules applicable to
 telecommunications service providers and their affiliates are
 complex and may be subject to change. Each stockholder is
 responsible for notifying us if it is a telecommunications
 service provider or an affiliate of a telecommunications service
 provider.

25

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

Our corporate headquarters are located in Sterling, Virginia
 under leases that are scheduled to expire in July and August
 2010. We have two five-year renewal options on these leases.

In addition, we lease operating space in Staines, United
 Kingdom, Haifa, Israel, Dusseldorf, Germany, Milan, Italy, Hong
 Kong and Singapore. Within the United States, we also lease
 operating space in North Carolina, the District of Columbia,
 Arizona, Washington and California. These domestic and
 international leases expire on various dates through March 2017.
 We believe that our existing facilities are sufficient to meet
 our requirements, and that new space will be available on
 commercially reasonable terms as we expand.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we are subject to claims in legal proceedings
 arising in the normal course of our business. We do not believe
 that we are party to any pending legal action that could
 reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
 business or operating results.

ITEM 4. 

SUBMISSION
 OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

None.

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
 for Our Common Stock 

Since June 29, 2005, our Class A common stock has
 traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
 NSR. As of February 17, 2009, our Class A
 common stock was held by 158 stockholders of record. The
 following table sets forth the per-share range of the high and
 low sales prices of our Class A common stock as reported on
 the New York Stock Exchange for the periods indicated:

High 

Low 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 

First quarter

32.96

28.03

Second quarter

30.76

26.60

Third quarter

36.30

28.58

Fourth quarter

36.33

27.44

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 

First quarter

30.52

21.33

Second quarter

28.74

21.25

Third quarter

25.00

18.68

Fourth quarter

20.15

13.24

There is no established public trading market for our
 Class B common stock. As of February 17, 2009, our
 Class B common stock was held by 7 stockholders of record.

Dividends 

We did not pay any cash dividends on our Class A or
 Class B common stock in 2007 or 2008 and we do not expect
 to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the
 foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any

26

Table of Contents 

future earnings to finance our operations and growth. Our
 revolving credit facility limits our ability to declare or pay
 dividends. We are also limited by Delaware law in the amount of
 dividends we can pay. Any future determination to pay cash
 dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors
 and will depend on earnings, financial condition, operating
 results, capital requirements, any contractual restrictions and
 other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.

Purchases
 of Equity Securities 

The following table is a summary of our repurchases of common
 stock during each of the three months in the quarter ended
 December 31, 2008:

Maximum 

Total Number of 

Number of Shares 

Shares Purchased as 

that May Yet Be 

Total Number 

Average 

Part of Publicly 

Purchased Under 

of Shares 

Price Paid 

Announced Plans or 

the Plans or 

Month 

Purchased(1) 

per Share 

Programs 

Programs 

October 1 through October 31, 2008

725

15.18

November 1 through November 30, 2008

December 1 through December 31, 2008

6,481

19.13

Total

7,206

18.73

(1) 

The number of shares purchased consists of shares of common
 stock tendered by employees to us to satisfy the employees 
 tax withholding obligations arising as a result of vesting of
 restricted stock grants under our stock incentive plan. We
 purchased these shares for their fair market value on the
 vesting date. None of these share purchases were part of a
 publicly announced program to purchase our common stock. 

27

Table of Contents 

Performance
 Graph 

The following chart shows how 100 invested in our Class A
 common stock on June 29, 2005, the day our Class A
 common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange, would
 have grown through the period ended December 31, 2008,
 compared with: (a) 100 invested in the Russell 2000 Index,
 and (b) 100 invested in the NYSE TMT Index, each over that
 same period. The comparison assumes reinvestment of dividends.
 The stock performance in the graph is included to satisfy our
 SEC disclosure requirements, and is not intended to forecast or
 to be indicative of future performance.

This Performance Graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
 reference into our SEC filings and shall not constitute
 soliciting material or otherwise be considered filed under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended.

06-29-05 

12-31-05 

12-31-06 

12-31-07 

12-31-08 

NeuStar 

100

117

125

110

74

Russell 2000

100

105

123

119

78

NYSE TMT

100

103

126

140

83

28

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

The tables below present selected consolidated statements of
 operations data for each of the five years ended
 December 31, 2008 and selected consolidated balance sheet
 data as of December 31, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008.
 The selected consolidated statements of operations data for each
 of the three years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008,
 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, have been derived from, and
 should be read together with, our audited consolidated financial
 statements and related notes appearing in this report. The
 selected consolidated statements of operations data for each of
 the two years ended December 31, 2004 and 2005, and the
 selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31,
 2004, 2005 and 2006, have been derived from our audited
 consolidated financial statements and related notes not included
 in this report. The share and per share data included in the
 selected consolidated statements of operations data for the year
 ended December 31, 2004 reflect the 1.4-for-1 split of our
 common stock effected as part of the Recapitalization, but do
 not reflect other aspects of the Recapitalization.

The following information should be read together with, and is
 qualified in its entirety by reference to, the more detailed
 information contained in Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 in Item 7 of this report and our consolidated financial
 statements and related notes in Item 8 of this report.

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 

Total revenue

165,001

242,469

332,957

429,172

488,845

Operating expense:

Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown
 separately below)

49,261

64,891

86,106

94,948

105,589

Sales and marketing

22,743

29,543

47,671

70,833

74,182

Research and development

7,377

11,883

17,639

27,381

27,527

General and administrative

21,144

28,048

34,902

48,633

58,407

Depreciation and amortization

17,285

16,025

24,016

37,731

40,582

Restructuring charges (recoveries)

(220

(389

1,691

Impairment of goodwill

93,602

Impairment of long-lived assets

18,159

117,590

150,001

210,334

279,526

419,739

Income from operations

47,411

92,468

122,623

149,646

69,106

Other (expense) income:

Interest and other expense

(2,498

(2,081

(1,260

(1,147

(16,237

Interest and other income

1,629

2,366

3,984

4,612

13,112

Income before minority interest and income taxes

46,542

92,753

125,347

153,111

65,981

Minority interest

(104

(95

Income before income taxes

46,542

92,649

125,252

153,111

65,981

Provision for income taxes

1,166

37,251

51,353

60,776

61,687

Net income

45,376

55,398

73,899

92,335

4,294

Dividends on and accretion of preferred stock

(9,737

(4,313

Net income attributable to common stockholders

35,639

51,085

73,899

92,335

4,294

Net income attributable to common stockholders per common share:

Basic

6.33

1.48

1.02

1.22

0.06

Diluted

0.57

0.72

0.94

1.17

0.06

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

5,632

34,437

72,364

75,954

74,116

Diluted

80,237

77,046

78,267

79,235

75,903

29

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

63,929

103,475

58,252

198,678

161,653

Working capital

38,441

113,296

53,970

210,870

164,636

Goodwill and intangible assets

50,703

54,150

257,051

240,944

134,661

Total assets

211,454

283,215

448,259

616,661

519,166

Deferred revenue and customer credits, excluding current portion

13,892

18,463

17,921

18,063

11,657

Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, excluding current
 portion

7,964

4,459

3,925

10,923

11,933

Convertible preferred stock, Series B, Series C and
 Series D

140,454

Total stockholders (deficit) equity

(31,858

186,163

341,146

480,535

386,653

30

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and analysis in
 conjunction with the information set forth under Selected
 Financial Data in Item 6 of this report and our
 consolidated financial statements and related notes in
 Item 8 of this report. The statements in this discussion
 related to our expectations regarding our future performance,
 liquidity and capital resources, and other non-historical
 statements in this discussion, are forward-looking statements.
 These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks
 and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and
 uncertainties described in Risk Factors in
 Item 1A of this report and Business 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in
 Item 1 of this report. Our actual results may differ
 materially from those contained in or implied by any
 forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We continued to experience increased demand for our services in
 2008, resulting in a 14 increase in revenue over 2007. Under
 our contracts to provide telephone number portability services
 in the United States, we processed 372.3 million
 transactions, a growth of 17 over 2007. In addition, we
 continued to see increased demand from enterprises that require
 systems capable of handling high volumes of Internet traffic,
 which fueled demand for domain name systems service offerings,
 especially our Ultra services.

Our results in 2008 were significantly impacted by two goodwill
 impairment charges totaling 93.6 million and a long-lived
 assets impairment charge of 18.2 million, all of which
 related to our NGM business segment. In the fourth quarter of
 2008, in response to lower than anticipated adoption rates of
 our NGM services and the resulting underperformance of our NGM
 business, as well as the manner in which the mobile data market
 had evolved and was evolving, we added new leadership and
 changed the strategic direction of our NGM business. Associated
 with this decision, we began to realign the NGM organization in
 December of 2008, and we began development of a new technology
 platform that would serve as the common infrastructure for each
 of our NGM customers. Though we believe the implementation of
 this new strategy for the NGM business will position it well for
 long-term success, this repositioning of our NGM business will
 result in a delay in market penetration and delayed growth in
 end-user adoption rates.

In 2008, our cash flow from operating activities was
 167.6 million, which demonstrates our ability to generate
 strong cash flows notwithstanding deteriorating market
 conditions, particularly in the second half of the year. The
 strength of our business and financial condition enabled us to
 use 124.9 million in cash to repurchase shares of our
 common stock during the year and still end the year with
 161.7 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term
 investments.

Recent
 Developments 

On January 28, 2009, we amended our contracts to provide
 telephone number portability and other clearinghouse services to
 telecommunications service providers in the United States. The
 pricing terms under the amended contracts are based on a fixed
 fee model rather than a transaction-based model. Specifically,
 the amended contracts establish an annual base fee for the
 telephone number portability services we provide, which base fee
 is subject to an annual price escalator of 6.5 . The amended
 contracts also provide for fixed credits in 2009, 2010 and 2011
 that are used to calculate the respective annual fixed fee. In
 addition, our customers may earn additional credits annually in
 2009, 2010 and 2011 if certain levels of aggregate telephone
 number inventories are reached and if certain IP fields and
 functionality are adopted and implemented. In the event that
 transactions in a given year are above or below the established
 volume range for that year, the base fee may be adjusted up or
 down, respectively, with any such adjustment being applied to
 the following year s invoices.

31

Table of Contents 

Our
 Company 

We provide the communications industry and enterprise customers
 with critical technology services that solve their addressing,
 interoperability and infrastructure needs. These services are
 used by CSPs and enterprise customers to manage a range of their
 technical and operating requirements, including:

Addressing. We enable CSPs and enterprises to
 use critical, shared addressing resources, such as telephone
 numbers, Internet top-level domain names, and U.S. Common
 Short Codes.

Interoperability. We enable CSPs to exchange
 and share critical operating data so that communications
 originating on one provider s network can be delivered and
 received on the network of another CSP. We also facilitate order
 management and work flow processing among CSPs.

Infrastructure and Other. We enable CSPs to
 more efficiently manage changes in their own networks by
 centrally managing certain critical data they use to route
 communications over their own networks.

We derive a substantial portion of our annual revenue on a
 transaction basis, most of which is derived from long-term
 contracts.

Our costs and expenses consist of cost of revenue, sales and
 marketing, research and development, general and administrative,
 and depreciation and amortization.

Cost of revenue includes all direct materials, direct labor, and
 those indirect costs related to the generation of revenue such
 as indirect labor, materials and supplies and facilities cost.
 Our primary cost of revenue is related to personnel costs
 associated with service implementation, product maintenance,
 customer deployment and customer care, including salaries,
 stock-based compensation and other personnel-related expense. In
 addition, cost of revenue includes costs relating to developing
 modifications and enhancements of our existing technology and
 services, as well as royalties paid related to our
 U.S. Common Short Code services and registry gateway
 services. Cost of revenue also includes our information
 technology and systems department, including network costs, data
 center maintenance, database management, data processing costs
 and facilities costs.

Sales and marketing expense consists of personnel costs, such as
 salaries, sales commissions, travel, stock-based compensation,
 and other personnel-related expense; costs associated with
 attending and sponsoring trade shows; costs of computer and
 communications equipment and support services; facilities costs;
 consulting fees; costs of marketing programs, such as Internet
 and print, including product branding, market analysis and
 forecasting; and customer relationship management.

Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel
 costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation and other
 personnel-related expense; consulting fees; and the costs of
 facilities, computer and support services used in service and
 technology development.

General and administrative expense consists primarily of
 personnel costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation,
 and other personnel-related expense, for our executive,
 administrative, legal, finance and human resources functions.
 General and administrative expense also includes facilities,
 support services and professional services fees.

Depreciation and amortization relates to amortization of
 identifiable intangibles, and the depreciation of our property
 and equipment, including our network infrastructure and
 facilities related to our services.

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
 results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
 statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or
 U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements in
 accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to utilize accounting
 policies and make certain estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
 of contingencies as of the date of the financial statements and
 the reported amounts of revenue and expense during a fiscal
 period. The Securities and Exchange Commission considers an
 accounting policy to be critical if it is important to a
 company s financial condition and results of operations,
 and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the
 part of management in its application. We have discussed the
 selection

32

Table of Contents 

and development of the critical accounting policies with the
 audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit
 committee has reviewed our related disclosures in this report.
 Although we believe that our judgments and estimates are
 appropriate and correct, actual results may differ from those
 estimates.

We believe the following to be our critical accounting policies
 because they are important to the portrayal of our financial
 condition and results of operations and they require critical
 management judgments and estimates about matters that are
 uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially from
 those contemplated by us in making these estimates, our reported
 financial condition and results of operation for future periods
 could be materially affected. See Item 1A of this report,
 Risk Factors, for certain matters that may bear on
 our future results of operations.

Revenue
 Recognition 

Our revenue recognition policies are in accordance with
 Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition . We
 provide the following services pursuant to various private
 commercial and government contracts.

Addressing. Our addressing services include
 telephone number administration, implementing the allocation of
 pooled blocks of telephone numbers, directory services for
 Internet domain names and U.S. Common Short Codes, and
 internal and external managed domain name services. We generate
 revenue from our telephone number administration services under
 two government contracts. Under our contract to serve as the
 North American Numbering Plan Administrator, we earn a fixed
 annual fee and recognize this fee as revenue on a straight-line
 basis as services are provided. Under our contract to serve as
 the National Pooling Administrator, we earn a fixed fee
 associated with administration of the pooling system plus
 reimbursement for costs incurred. We recognize revenue for this
 contract based on costs incurred plus a pro rata amount of the
 fixed fee. In the event we estimate losses on our fixed-fee
 contracts, we recognize these losses in the period in which a
 loss becomes apparent.

In addition to the administrative functions associated with our
 role as the National Pooling Administrator, we also generate
 revenue from implementing the allocation of pooled blocks of
 telephone numbers under our long-term contracts with North
 American Portability Management LLC, and we recognize revenue on
 a per transaction fee basis as the services are performed. For
 our Internet domain name services, we generate revenue for
 Internet domain registrations, which generally have contract
 terms between one and ten years. We recognize revenue on a
 straight-line basis over the lives of the related customer
 contracts.

We generate revenue through internal and external managed domain
 name services. Our revenue consists of customer
 set-up fees,
 monthly recurring fees and per transaction fees for transactions
 in excess of pre-established monthly minimums under contracts
 with terms ranging from one to three years. Customer
 set-up fees
 are not considered a separate deliverable and are deferred and
 recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
 contract. Under our contracts to provide our managed domain name
 services, customers have contractually established monthly
 transaction volumes for which they are charged a recurring
 monthly fee. Transactions processed in excess of the
 pre-established monthly volume are billed at a contractual per
 transaction rate. Each month we recognize the recurring monthly
 fee and usage in excess of the established monthly volume on a
 per transaction basis as services are provided. We also generate
 revenue from one-time project fees, which are recognized over
 the contract term. We generate revenue from our U.S. Common
 Short Code services under short-term contracts ranging from
 three to twelve months, and we recognize revenue on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the customer contracts.

Interoperability. Our interoperability
 services consist primarily of wireline and wireless number
 portability and order management services. We generate revenue
 from number portability under our long-term contracts with North
 American Portability Management LLC and Canadian LNP Consortium
 Inc. We recognize revenue on a per transaction fee basis as the
 services are performed. We provide order management services
 consisting of customer
 set-up and
 implementation followed by transaction processing under
 contracts with terms ranging from one to three years. Customer
 set-up and
 implementation is not considered a separate deliverable;
 accordingly, the fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on
 a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Per
 transaction fees are recognized as the transactions are
 processed. We generate revenue from our inter-carrier mobile
 instant messaging services under contracts with mobile operators
 that range from one to three years. These contracts consist of
 license

33

Table of Contents 

fees based on the number of subscribers that use mobile instant
 messaging services, as well as fees for
 set-up and
 implementation. We recognize license fee revenue ratably over
 the term of the contract after completion of customer
 set-up and
 implementation. Customer
 set-up and
 implementation is not considered a separate deliverable;
 accordingly, the fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on
 a straight line basis over the remaining term of the contract
 following delivery of the
 set-up and
 implementation services.

Infrastructure and Other. Our infrastructure
 services consist primarily of network management and connection
 services. We generate revenue from network management services
 under our long-term contracts with North American Portability
 Management LLC. We recognize revenue on a per transaction fee
 basis as the services are performed. In addition, we generate
 revenue from connection fees and system enhancements under our
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC. We
 recognize our connection fee revenue as the service is
 performed. System enhancements are provided under contracts in
 which we are reimbursed for costs incurred plus a fixed fee.
 Revenue is recognized based on costs incurred plus a pro rata
 amount of the fee. We generate revenue from our intra-carrier
 mobile instant messaging services under contracts with mobile
 operators that range from one to three years. These contracts
 consist of license fees based on the number of subscribers that
 use mobile instant messaging services, as well as fees for
 set-up and
 implementation. We recognize license fee revenue ratably over
 the term of the contract after completion of customer
 set-up and
 implementation. Customer
 set-up and
 implementation is not considered a separate deliverable;
 accordingly, the fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on
 a straight line basis over the remaining term of the contract
 following delivery of the
 set-up and
 implementation services.

Significant
 Contracts 

We provide wireline and wireless number portability, implement
 the allocation of pooled blocks of telephone numbers and provide
 network management services pursuant to seven contracts with
 North American Portability Management LLC, an industry group
 that represents all telecommunications service providers in the
 United States. We recognize revenue under our contracts with
 North American Portability Management LLC primarily on a per
 transaction basis. The aggregate fees for transactions processed
 under these contracts are determined by the total number of
 transactions, and these fees are billed to telecommunications
 service providers based on their allocable share of the total
 transaction charges. This allocable share is based on each
 respective telecommunications service provider s share of
 the aggregate end-user services revenue of all
 U.S. telecommunications service providers, as determined by
 the FCC. Under our contracts, we also bill a Revenue Recovery
 Collections, or RRC, fee of a percentage of monthly billings to
 our customers, which is available to us if any
 telecommunications service provider fails to pay its allocable
 share of total transactions charges. If the RRC fee is
 insufficient for that purpose, these contracts also provide for
 the recovery of such differences from the remaining
 telecommunications service providers.

The per transaction pricing under these contracts provided for
 annual volume-based credits that were earned on all transactions
 in excess of the pre-determined annual volume threshold. For
 2006, the maximum aggregate volume-based credit was
 7.5 million, which was applied via a reduction in per
 transaction pricing once the pre-determined annual volume
 threshold was surpassed. When the aggregate credit was fully
 satisfied, the per transaction pricing was restored to the
 prevailing contractual rate. In 2006 the pre-determined annual
 transaction volume threshold under the contract was exceeded,
 which resulted in the issuance of 7.5 million of
 volume-based credits for 2006. No volume-based credits were
 applied in 2007 and 2008 as a result of amendments to our
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC in
 September 2006.

In 2007, pricing under our contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC was 0.91 per transaction regardless
 of transaction volume. Beginning January 1, 2008, per
 transaction pricing was derived on a straight-line basis using
 an effective rate calculation formula based on annualized
 transaction volume between 200 million and
 587.5 million. For annualized transaction volumes less than
 or equal to 200 million, the per transaction price is equal
 to a flat rate of 0.95 per transaction. For annualized volumes
 greater than or equal to 587.5 million, the per transaction
 price is equal to a flat rate of 0.75 per transaction. For the
 year ended December 31, 2008, the weighted average per
 transaction price was 0.86.

34

Table of Contents 

Service
 Level Standards 

Pursuant to certain of our private commercial contracts, we are
 subject to service level standards and to corresponding
 penalties for failure to meet those standards. We record a
 provision for these performance-related penalties when we become
 aware that required service levels that would trigger such a
 penalty have not been met, which results in a corresponding
 reduction of our revenue.

For more information regarding how we recognize revenue for each
 of our service categories, please see the discussion above under
 Revenue Recognition. 

Restructuring 

In December 2008, we announced a restructuring plan for our NGM
 business segment, involving the termination of certain
 employees, and reduction in or closure of leased facilities in
 some of our international locations. As a result, we incurred
 1.2 million in severance related costs and
 0.5 million in lease and facilities exit costs for the
 year ended December 31, 2008. These restructuring costs
 include estimated costs for net lease expense for facilities
 that are no longer being used. The provision is equal to the
 present value of the minimum future lease payments under our
 contractual lease obligations, offset by the present value of
 the estimated sublease payments that we may receive. As of
 December 31, 2008, our accrued restructuring liability was
 3.5 million, including 1.8 million and
 1.7 million of liabilities relating to our Clearinghouse
 and NGM segments, respectively. The total minimum lease payments
 for restructured facilities are 2.3 million, net of
 anticipated sublease payments. These lease payments will be made
 over the remaining lives of the relevant leases, which range
 from six months to four years. If actual market conditions are
 different than those we have projected, we will be required to
 recognize additional restructuring costs or benefits associated
 with these facilities.

Goodwill 

We have made numerous acquisitions, including the 2006
 acquisitions of UltraDNS Corporation and Followap Inc.,
 resulting in our recording of goodwill, which represents the
 excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets
 acquired, as well as other definite-lived intangible assets. In
 accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , or
 SFAS No. 142, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
 assets are not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment upon
 the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that would
 reduce the fair value of such assets below their carrying
 amount. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at
 least annually, or on an interim basis if circumstances change
 that would indicate the possibility of impairment. For purposes
 of our annual impairment test, we have identified and assigned
 goodwill to two reporting units, our Clearinghouse reporting
 unit and our NGM reporting unit.

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level
 using a two-step approach. The first step is to compare the fair
 value of a reporting unit s net assets, including assigned
 goodwill, to the book value of its net assets, including
 assigned goodwill. Fair value of the reporting unit is
 determined using both an income approach and market approach. To
 assist in the process of determining whether a goodwill
 impairment exists, we perform internal valuation analyses and
 consider other market information that is publicly available,
 and we may obtain appraisals from external advisors. If the fair
 value of the reporting unit is greater than its net book value,
 the assigned goodwill is not considered impaired. If the fair
 value is less than the reporting unit s net book value, we
 perform a second step to measure the amount of the impairment,
 if any. If required, the second step involves a comparison of
 the book value of the reporting unit s assigned goodwill to
 the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill,
 using a theoretical purchase price allocation based on this
 implied fair value, in order to determine the magnitude of the
 impairment. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we
 are required to record a write-down of the carrying value and
 charge the impairment as an operating expense in the period the
 determination is made.

The annual goodwill impairment test, any required interim
 goodwill impairment test and the related determination of the
 fair value of reporting units and intangible assets each involve
 the use of significant estimates and assumptions by management,
 and are inherently subjective. In particular, for each of our
 reporting units, the significant assumptions used to determine
 fair value include market penetration, anticipated growth rates,
 and risk-adjusted discount rates for the income approach, as
 well as the selection of comparable companies and comparable
 transactions for the market approach. Changes in estimates and
 assumptions could have

35

Table of Contents 

a significant impact on whether or not an impairment charge is
 recognized and also the magnitude of any such charge. Moreover,
 for our NGM reporting unit, due to the early stage of its
 operations and the emerging nature of mobile instant messaging
 technology, the assumptions and estimates used by management
 that are incorporated within the NGM reporting unit valuation
 have a high degree of subjectivity, and are thus more likely to
 change over time. In addition, because relatively few carriers
 control a substantial portion of the end users who will drive
 the success of mobile instant messaging, the activities of
 NGM s largest customers can have a significant impact on
 these assumptions and estimates.

The impact of a change in assumptions in the context of our
 goodwill impairment testing may be material. For example, in
 2008, changes to our key assumptions in determining the fair
 value of our NGM reporting unit resulted in two goodwill
 impairment charges. Specifically, late in the first quarter of
 2008, there were changes in the market and identified
 customer-related events that caused us to change certain of our
 assumptions underlying the financial forecast relating to NGM,
 most notably our assumptions about end-user adoption rates.
 Projections of future cash flows for the NGM business are
 particularly sensitive to these assumptions. As a result, when
 the events of the first quarter caused us to reduce our
 projections relating to the rate at which new end users would
 begin using mobile instant messaging, those changed assumptions
 had a dramatic impact on our financial forecast for that
 business and the estimated fair value of our NGM business. As a
 result, we recorded a 29.0 million impairment charge in
 the first quarter of the 2008 fiscal year.

In the fourth quarter of 2008, in response to lower than
 anticipated adoption rates and the resulting underperformance of
 our NGM business, as well as the manner in which the mobile data
 market had evolved and was evolving, we added new leadership and
 conducted a strategic evaluation of our NGM business. The goal
 of this strategic evaluation was to position NGM for future
 long-term success in the mobile instant messaging market. During
 the course of this evaluation, we conducted a thorough review of
 the NGM business, including our experience in the mobile instant
 messaging market since our acquisition of Followap Inc. in
 November 2006, the current state of the mobile instant messaging
 market and related markets, the performance of our competitors
 for these services and consumer demand. Following this
 evaluation, we decided to change the direction of our NGM
 business to offer enhanced end user experiences, faster
 deployments, and greater operator control, all of which would be
 delivered from a common infrastructure. Associated with this
 decision, we began to realign the NGM organization, and we
 announced a restructuring plan in December 2008 to leverage our
 existing operational resources to support our NGM initiatives.
 In addition, consistent with our new strategic direction, we
 began development of a new technology platform that would serve
 as the common infrastructure for each of our NGM customers. This
 repositioning of our NGM business will result in a delay in
 market penetration and delayed growth in end user adoption
 rates. At the same time, the NGM business will require continued
 investment and we will continue to experience net cash outflows
 until that market penetration and growth occurs. The revisions
 to the financial forecast to reflect this new strategic
 direction resulted in a decline in the estimated fair value of
 the NGM business. As a result, we recorded an additional
 goodwill impairment charge of 64.6 million in the fourth
 quarter of 2008.

The key assumptions used in our annual goodwill impairment test
 to determine the fair value of the NGM reporting unit included:
 (a) cash flow projections, which include growth assumptions
 for forcasted revenue and expenses; (b) a terminal multiple
 of 7.5 times based upon the expected proceeds resulting from a
 sale of the NGM business unit at the end of the cash flow
 projection period; (c) a discount rate of 45 , which was
 based upon the NGM business unit s weighted cost of capital
 adjusted for the risks associated with the operations at the
 time of the annual goodwill impairment test; (d) selection
 of comparable companies and transactions used in the market
 approach; and (e) our assumptions in weighting the results
 of the discounted cash flow approach, income approach and market
 approach valuation techniques. A variance in these assumptions
 could have a significant effect on the amount of the goodwill
 impairment charge recorded.

The fair value of our NGM reporting unit was determined to be
 less than its carrying value as of the annual impairment date.
 As a result, we performed a step two analysis to compute the
 amount of the impairment by determining an implied fair
 value of goodwill. The determination of our NGM reporting
 unit s implied fair value of goodwill requires
 us to allocate the estimated fair value of our NGM reporting
 unit to the assets and liabilities of our NGM reporting unit.
 Any unallocated fair value represents the implied fair
 value of goodwill, which is then compared to its
 corresponding carrying value. We considered the fair value of
 our assets and

36

Table of Contents 

liabilities, including technology assets and customer
 relationships, and the appropriate treatment of deferred tax
 balances.

We believe that the assumptions and estimates used to determine
 the estimated fair values of each of our reporting units are
 reasonable; however, these estimates are inherently subjective,
 and there are a number of factors, including factors outside of
 the our control, that could cause actual results to differ from
 our estimates. For example, with respect to our NGM business,
 our assumptions could change due to further delays resulting
 from changes in strategy by participants in the mobile instant
 messaging market, lack of effective marketing efforts to promote
 mobile instant messaging to end users, unforeseen changes in the
 market or otherwise. Any changes to our key assumptions about
 our businesses and our prospects, or changes in market
 conditions, could result in an additional impairment charge.
 Such a charge could have a material effect on our consolidated
 financial statements because of the significance of goodwill and
 intangible assets to our consolidated balance sheet. As of
 December 31, 2008, we had 95.7 million and
 22.3 million, respectively, in goodwill for our
 Clearinghouse reporting unit and our NGM reporting unit, subject
 to future impairment tests.

Impairment
 of Long-Lived Assets 

Our long-lived assets primarily consist of property and
 equipment and intangible assets. In accordance with Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for
 the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , or
 SFAS No. 144, we review long-lived assets and certain
 identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever events or
 changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an
 asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be
 held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
 of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be
 generated by the assets. Recoverability measurement and
 estimation of undiscounted cash flows is done at the lowest
 possible level for which there is an identifiable asset. If such
 assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
 recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
 amount of assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to
 be disposed of are recorded at the lower of the carrying amount
 or fair value less costs to sell. Management must exercise
 judgment in determining whether an event has occurred that may
 impair the value of the long-lived assets. Factors that could
 indicate that impairment may exist include significant
 underperformance relative to a plan or long-term projections,
 significant changes in business strategy, significant negative
 industry or economic trends or a significant decline in our
 stock price or in the value of our reporting units for a
 sustained period of time.

During the fourth quarter of 2008, we made the determination
 that our strategic decision to reposition the NGM business and
 the resulting change in our projected results served as an
 indicator of impairment for long-lived assets in our NGM
 business reporting unit. We performed a recoverability test,
 determined that the fair value of these long-lived assets was
 less than the carrying value, and recorded an 18.2 million
 charge for impairment of long-lived assets, the largest
 component of which consisted of technology and customer
 relationships. In determining fair value, we utilized valuation
 models that involved assumptions about future cash flows, future
 operating plans, discount rates and, as appropriate, review of
 market comparables. We believe that the assumptions and
 estimates used to determine the estimated fair values of our
 long-lived assets are reasonable; however, there are a number of
 factors, including factors outside of the our control, that
 could cause actual results to differ from our assumptions and
 estimates. Moreover, assumptions and estimates used by
 management that are incorporated within the valuation of
 NGM s long-lived assets have a higher degree of
 subjectivity and are more likely to change over time.

As a result of the strategic repositioning of our NGM business
 and the resulting change in our financial forecast, all of which
 is described above under the heading Critical Accounting
 Policies Goodwill , we recorded an impairment
 of long-lived assets specific to our NGM reporting unit of
 18.2 million during the fourth quarter of 2008. As of
 December 31, 2008, we had 61.7 million and
 19.1 million, respectively, in long-lived assets for our
 Clearinghouse reporting unit and our NGM reporting unit.

Accounts
 Receivable, Revenue Recovery Collections, and Allowance for
 Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do
 not bear interest. In accordance with our contracts with North
 American Portability Management LLC, we bill a RRC fee of a
 percentage of monthly billings to our customers. The aggregate
 RRC fees collected may be used to offset uncollectible
 receivables from an

37

Table of Contents 

individual customer. Beginning July 1, 2005, the RRC fee
 was 1 of monthly billings. On July 1, 2008, the RRC fee
 was reduced to 0.75 . Any accrued RRC fees in excess of
 uncollectible receivables are paid back to the customers
 annually on a pro rata basis. All other receivables related to
 services not covered by the RRC fees are evaluated and, if
 deemed not collectible, are appropriately reserved.

Investments 

We have approximately 41.7 million par value in
 investments related to auction rate securities, or ARS, all of
 which are classified as noncurrent at December 31, 2008.
 For each of our ARS at December 31, 2008, we determined the
 fair value using discounted cash flow and market comparables
 methods. The discounted cash flow valuation method involves
 management s judgment and assumptions regarding discount
 rates, coupon rates, and estimated maturity for each of the ARS.
 The market comparables valuation method involves
 management s judgment regarding the selection of comparable
 securities and transactions in a secondary market. Based on the
 results of our assessments, we recorded losses of
 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2008 to
 reduce the value of our ARS. If we use different assumptions and
 judgments in our valuations or the credit rating of either the
 security issuer or the third-party insurer underlying the
 investments deteriorates, we may be required to adjust the
 carrying value of our ARS through additional charges in current
 period earnings. As of December 31, 2008, our ARS
 investment balance subject to future fluctuations in fair value
 is approximately 31.1 million.

In November 2008, we accepted a settlement offer in the form of
 a rights offering from the investment firm that brokered the
 original purchases of the 41.7 million par value of ARS,
 which provides us with the right to sell these securities at par
 value to the investment firm during a period beginning on
 June 30, 2010. Because the settlement agreement is a
 legally enforceable firm commitment, the rights are recognized
 as a financial asset at fair value in our financial statements
 at December 31, 2008, and accounted for separately from the
 associated securities. We have elected to measure the rights at
 their fair value pursuant to SFAS No. 159, The Fair
 Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 Including an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115, or
 SFAS 159, and subsequent changes in fair value will also be
 recognized in current period earnings. Because we intend to
 exercise the rights in June 2010, we do not have the intent to
 hold the associated auction rate securities until recovery or
 maturity. We have classified the ARS as trading securities
 pursuant to SFAS No. 115, Accounting for Certain
 Investments in Debt and Equity Securities , or SFAS
 No. 115, which requires changes in the fair value of these
 securities to be recorded in current period earnings, which we
 believe will substantially offset changes in the fair value of
 the rights. We determined the fair value of the rights using a
 discounted cash flow method which involves judgment and
 assumptions regarding the timing of cash flows, fair value of
 the underlying ARS and the ability of the investment firm to
 disburse the cash anticipated in the ARS rights offering. Based
 upon our assessment of the fair value of the rights, we recorded
 a gain of approximately 9.4 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 in interest and other income in our
 statement of operations.

We have approximately 13.1 million par value in
 investments related to a cash reserve fund which is closed to
 new investments and subject to immediate redemptions. The fund
 currently has a projected schedule that will result in
 approximately 90 to 95 percent of the fund to be redeemed
 in 2009. Because there is little or no market data, the fair
 value of the securities within the cash reserve fund was
 determined using pricing models that utilize recent trades for
 securities in active markets and dealer quotes for securities
 considered to be inactive, as well as contractual terms,
 maturity and assumptions about liquidity. As of
 December 31, 2008, our cash reserve fund balance subject to
 future fluctuations in fair value was approximately
 10.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2008,
 we recorded other-than-temporary losses of 2.3 million
 related to these securities held at December 31, 2008.

Income
 Taxes 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on
 temporary differences between the financial reporting bases and
 the tax bases of assets and liabilities. These deferred tax
 assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates
 and laws that will be in effect when such amounts are expected
 to reverse or be utilized. The realization of deferred tax
 assets is contingent upon the generation of future taxable
 income. When appropriate, we recognize a valuation allowance to
 reduce such deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely
 than not to be ultimately realized. The calculation of deferred
 tax assets, including valuation allowances, and liabilities
 requires us

38

Table of Contents 

to apply significant judgment related to such factors as the
 application of complex tax laws, changes in tax laws and our
 future operations. We review our deferred tax assets on a
 quarterly basis to determine if a valuation allowance is
 required based upon these factors. Changes in our assessment of
 the need for a valuation allowance could give rise to a change
 in such allowance, potentially resulting in additional expense
 or benefit in the period of change.

Income tax provision includes U.S. federal, state, local
 and foreign income taxes and is based on pre-tax income or loss.
 The provision or benefit for income taxes is based upon our
 estimate of our annual effective income tax rate. In determining
 the estimated annual effective income tax rate, we analyze
 various factors, including projections of our annual earnings
 and taxing jurisdictions in which the earnings will be
 generated, the impact of state and local income taxes and our
 ability to use tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
 interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 , or
 FIN 48, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
 income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial
 statements in accordance with SFAS No. 109.
 FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December 15, 2006, and was adopted by us on January 1,
 2007. FIN 48 provides a two-step approach to recognize and
 measure tax benefits when the benefits realization is
 uncertain. The first step is to determine whether the benefit is
 to be recognized; the second step is to determine the amount to
 be recognized. Income tax benefits should be recognized when,
 based on the technical merits of a tax position, the entity
 believes that if a dispute arose with the taxing authority and
 were taken to a court of last resort, it is more likely than not
 i.e. , a probability of greater than 50 percent)
 that the tax position would be sustained as filed. If a position
 is determined to be more likely than not of being sustained, the
 reporting enterprise should recognize the largest amount of tax
 benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being
 realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. The
 cumulative effect of applying the provisions of FIN 48 upon
 adoption is to be reported as an adjustment to beginning
 retained earnings. Our practice is to recognize interest and
 penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.

Tax years 2005 through 2007 remain open to examination by the
 major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. The Internal
 Revenue Service, or IRS, has initiated an examination of our
 federal income tax returns for the years 2005 and 2006. We
 anticipate that the examination will be completed within the
 next twelve months. While the outcome of the audit is uncertain,
 we do not currently believe that the outcome will have a
 material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
 operations or cash flows.

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

We recognize share-based compensation expense in accordance with
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R),
 Share-Based Payments, or SFAS No. 123(R), as
 interpreted by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107,
 Share-Based Payment, or SAB 107. SFAS
 No. 123(R) requires the measurement and recognition of
 compensation expense for share-based awards based on estimated
 fair values on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of
 each option-based award on the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This option pricing model
 requires that we make several estimates, including the
 option s expected life and the price volatility of the
 underlying stock. The expected life of options represents the
 weighted average period the stock options are expected to remain
 outstanding. Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a
 financial variable such as a share price has fluctuated, or
 historical volatility, and is expected to fluctuate, or expected
 volatility, during a period. Given our limited historical stock
 data since our initial public offering in June 2005, we consider
 the implied volatility and historical volatility of our stock
 price in determining our expected volatility.

Because share-based compensation expense is based on awards that
 are ultimately expected to vest, the amount of expense takes
 into account estimated forfeitures. SFAS No. 123(R)
 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and
 revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
 forfeitures differ from those estimates. Changes in these
 estimates and assumptions can materially affect the measure of
 estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. See
 Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in
 Item 8 of Part II of this report for information
 regarding our assumptions related to share-based compensation
 and the amount of share-based compensation expense we incurred
 for the periods covered in this report. As of December 31,
 2008, total unrecognized compensation expense was
 23.7 million, which relates to unvested stock options,
 unvested restricted

39

Table of Contents 

stock units, unvested restricted stock and unvested performance
 vested restricted stock units, and is expected to be recognized
 over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years.

We estimate the fair value of our restricted stock unit awards
 based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of
 grant. Our outstanding restricted stock unit awards are subject
 to service-based vesting conditions
 and/or 
 performance-based vesting conditions. We recognize the estimated
 fair value of service-based awards, net of estimated
 forfeitures, as share-based expense ratably over the vesting
 period on a straight-line basis. Awards with performance-based
 vesting conditions require the achievement of specific financial
 targets at the end of the specified performance period and the
 employee s continued employment. We recognize the estimated
 fair value of performance-based awards, net of estimated
 forfeitures, as share-based expense over the performance period,
 which considers each performance period or tranche separately,
 based upon our determination of whether it is probable that the
 performance targets will be achieved. At each reporting period,
 we reassess the probability of achieving the performance targets
 and the performance period required to meet those targets.
 Determining whether the performance targets will be achieved
 involves judgment, and the estimate of stock-based compensation
 expense may be revised periodically based on changes in the
 probability of achieving the performance targets. Revisions are
 reflected in the period in which the estimate is changed. If any
 performance goals are not met, no compensation cost is
 ultimately recognized against that goal, and, to the extent
 previously recognized, compensation cost is reversed. Based upon
 our assessment in the fourth quarter of 2008 of the probability
 of achieving specific financial targets related to our
 performance vested restricted stock units, we revised our
 estimate of achievement from 125 of target to 50 of target.
 The change in this assumption resulted in a reversal of
 approximately 3.0 million in compensation expense in the
 fourth quarter of 2008. Our consolidated net income for the year
 ended December 31, 2008 was 4.3 million and diluted
 earnings per share was 0.06 per share. As a result of this
 change in estimate, the as adjusted net income would have been
 approximately 1.6 million and the as adjusted diluted
 earnings per share would have been approximately 0.02 per share
 had we continued to use the previous estimate of 125 of the
 performance target. Further changes in our assumptions regarding
 the achievement of specific financial targets could have a
 material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

Acquisitions 

We have expanded the scope of our services and increased our
 customer base through selective acquisitions. Our objective for
 each acquisition was to expand the scope of the services that we
 provide and to leverage our clearinghouse capabilities in order
 to maximize efficiency and provide added value to our customers.

UltraDNS
 Corporation 

On April 21, 2006, we acquired UltraDNS Corporation
 for 61.8 million in cash and acquisition costs of
 0.8 million. The acquisition further expanded our domain
 name services and our Internet protocol technologies. The
 acquisition was accounted for as a purchase business combination
 in accordance with SFAS No. 141, Business
 Combinations , or SFAS No. 141. Of the total cash
 consideration, approximately 6.1 million was distributed
 to an escrow account for indemnification claims as set forth in
 the acquisition agreement. Funds remaining in the account were
 distributed to the former stockholders of UltraDNS in accordance
 with the acquisition agreement following the first anniversary
 of the acquisition.

Of the total purchase price, 8.5 million has been
 allocated to net tangible assets acquired and 20.0 million
 has been allocated to definite-lived intangible assets acquired.
 The income approach, which includes an analysis of cash flows
 and the risks associated with achieving such cash flows, was the
 primary technique utilized in valuing the identifiable
 intangible assets. The 20.0 million of definite-lived
 intangible assets acquired consists of the value assigned to
 UltraDNS s direct customer relationships of
 14.7 million, web customer relationships of
 0.3 million, acquired technology of 4.8 million, and
 trade names of 0.2 million. We are amortizing the value of
 the UltraDNS direct and web customer relationships in proportion
 to the respective discounted cash flows over an estimated useful
 life of 7 and 5 years, respectively. Both acquired
 technology and trade names are being amortized on a
 straight-line basis over 3 years.

Followap
 Inc. 

On November 27, 2006, we acquired Followap Inc. for
 139.0 million in cash and acquisition costs of
 1.8 million along with the assumption and payment of
 certain Followap debt and other liabilities of
 5.6 million.

40

Table of Contents 

The acquisition further expanded our Internet protocol
 technologies, which is a key strategic initiative for us. The
 acquisition was accounted for as a purchase business combination
 in accordance with SFAS No. 141. Of the total cash
 consideration, approximately 14.1 million was distributed
 to an escrow account for indemnification claims as set forth in
 the acquisition agreement. The acquisition agreement provides
 that, following the first anniversary of the acquisition and the
 resolution of any pending claims, all funds remaining in the
 account will be distributed to the former stockholders and
 optionholders of Followap in accordance with the acquisition
 agreement.

Of the total purchase price, 0.2 million has been
 allocated to net tangible liabilities assumed and
 30.6 million has been allocated to definite-lived
 intangible assets acquired. The income approach, which includes
 an analysis of cash flows and the risks associated with
 achieving such cash flows, was the primary technique utilized in
 valuing the identifiable intangible assets. The
 30.6 million of definite lived intangible assets acquired
 consists of the value assigned to Followap s customer
 relationships of 20.8 million and acquired technology of
 9.8 million. We are amortizing the value of the Followap
 customer relationships using an accelerated basis over
 5 years and the value of the acquired technology on a
 straight-line basis over 3 years. During 2008, we recorded
 impairment charges to write down the carrying value of the NGM
 reporting unit s goodwill and long-lived assets.

I-View.com,
 Inc. (d/b/a MetaInfo) 

On January 8, 2007, we acquired certain assets of
 I-View.com, Inc. (d/b/a MetaInfo) for cash consideration of
 1.7 million. The acquisition of MetaInfo expanded our
 enterprise DNS services. The acquisition was accounted for as a
 purchase business combination in accordance with
 SFAS No. 141 and the results of operations of MetaInfo
 have been included in the accompanying consolidated statement of
 operations since the date of acquisition. Of the total purchase
 price, we allocated 0.1 million to net tangible
 liabilities assumed, 0.5 million to definite-lived
 intangible assets and 1.3 million to goodwill.
 Definite-lived intangible assets consist of customer intangibles
 and acquired technology. We are amortizing the value of the
 customer intangibles in proportion to the discounted cash flows
 over an estimated useful life of 3 years. Acquired
 technology is being amortized on a straight-line basis over
 3 years.

Webmetrics,
 Inc. 

On January 10, 2008, we acquired Webmetrics, Inc. for cash
 consideration of 12.5 million, subject to certain purchase
 price adjustments and contingent cash consideration of up to
 6.0 million, and acquisition costs of approximately
 685,000. The acquisition of Webmetrics, a provider of web and
 network performance testing, monitoring and measurement
 services, expanded our Internet and infrastructure services. The
 acquisition was accounted for as a purchase business combination
 in accordance with SFAS No. 141 and the results of
 operations of Webmetrics have been included in the accompanying
 consolidated statement of operations since the date of
 acquisition. Of the total purchase price, a preliminary estimate
 of 0.4 million has been allocated to net tangible assets
 acquired, 6.4 million to definite-lived intangible assets
 and 7.2 million to goodwill. Definite-lived intangible
 assets consist of customer relationships and acquired
 technology. We are amortizing the value of the customer
 relationships in proportion to the discounted cash flows over an
 estimated useful life of 3 years. Acquired technology is
 being amortized on a straight-line basis over 5 years. In
 2008, we recorded 1.2 million in purchase price
 adjustments to goodwill as a result of earnout installments in
 accordance with the purchase agreement.

Current
 Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations 

In 2008, in the face of turbulent economic conditions, we
 experienced overall increased demand for our services and
 solutions despite lower than anticipated demand for our NGM
 services. In particular, we experienced increased demand for our
 telephone number portability services in the United States, our
 expanded range of DNS services and the use of U.S. Common
 Short Codes.

In January 2009, we amended our seven regional contracts with
 North American Portability Management LLC under which we provide
 telephone number portability and other clearinghouse services to
 CSPs in the United States. The amendments provide for an annual,
 fixed-fee associated with the telephone number portability
 services we provide, which is subject to an annual price
 escalator. The fixed fee is subject to adjustment in limited
 circumstances, including an upward or downward adjustment in the
 event that the volume of transactions in a given year is above
 or below a contractually established volume range for that year,
 respectively. If any such adjustment is

41

Table of Contents 

triggered, it would be applied in the following year. We believe
 that, as the industry continues to evolve and become more
 complex and as new technologies continue to proliferate, we will
 experience continued demand for our addressing, interoperability
 and infrastructure services. We also believe the amendments to
 these contracts should facilitate the use of new services by the
 industry to enable IP routing of Voice, Short Messaging Text,
 and Multi-media messaging Moreover, as our customers begin to
 rely on us to implement
 IP-based 
 communications, we believe that we will have opportunities for
 future growth from ancillary directory services.

We continued to see increased demand during 2008 for our
 addressing services from enterprises that require systems
 capable of handling high volumes of Internet traffic. This
 demand was a primary driver of revenue growth for our domain
 name services, particularly Ultra services. We believe that
 enterprise customers will continue to increase their reliance on
 the Internet and their DNS-based systems to run their
 businesses, which will, in turn, increase their reliance on our
 services, and enable us to increase the scope of services that
 we provide to these customers and attract new customers that
 require reliable and scalable DNS services.

The revenue we recognized from our NGM services has not grown at
 the rates we anticipated when we acquired Followap in November
 2006. Consequently, at the end of 2008, we repositioned our NGM
 business so that we could offer enhanced end user experiences,
 faster deployments, greater operator control and a common
 infrastructure. In addition, we began to implement cost cutting
 measures at NGM to bring our spending to a level that is
 consistent with demand, while solidifying our position as a key
 provider of infrastructure that will enable mobile carriers to
 offer mobile instant messaging and new features and
 functionalities to their end users.

Though the amendment of our contracts to provide telephone
 number portability services in the United States provides
 enhanced predictability for a substantial portion of our total
 revenue, the impact of the current macroeconomic and industry
 conditions on our organization as a whole is unclear. During
 this period of uncertainty, we intend to balance our strategy of
 continued investment for the long-term with careful management
 of our workforce and operating costs. Overall, our focus is to
 manage our business to provide strong profitability and cash
 flows.

42

Table of Contents 

Consolidated
 Results of Operations 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2007 Compared to the Year Ended
 December 31, 2008 

The following table presents an overview of our results of
 operations for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008.

2007 

2008 

2007 vs. 2008 

Change 

Change 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Revenue:

Addressing

109,799

130,736

20,937

19.1

Interoperability

61,679

64,305

2,626

4.3

Infrastructure and other

257,694

293,804

36,110

14.0

Total revenue

429,172

488,845

59,673

13.9

Operating expense:

Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization shown
 separately below)

94,948

105,589

10,641

11.2

Sales and marketing

70,833

74,182

3,349

4.7

Research and development

27,381

27,527

146

0.5

General and administrative

48,633

58,407

9,774

20.1

Depreciation and amortization

37,731

40,582

2,851

7.6

Restructuring charges

1,691

1,691

100.0

Impairment of goodwill

93,602

93,602

100.0

Impairment of long-lived assets

18,159

18,159

100.0

279,526

419,739

140,213

50.2

Income from operations

149,646

69,106

(80,540

(53.8

Other (expense) income:

Interest and other expense

(1,147

(16,237

(15,090

1,315.6

Interest and other income

4,612

13,112

8,500

184.3

Income before income taxes

153,111

65,981

(87,130

(56.9

Provision for income taxes

60,776

61,687

911

1.5

Net income

92,335

4,294

(88,041

(95.3

Net income per common share:

Basic

1.22

0.06

Diluted

1.17

0.06

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

75,954

74,116

Diluted

79,235

75,903

43

Table of Contents 

Revenue 

Total revenue. Total revenue increased
 59.7 million due primarily to increases in infrastructure
 transactions under our contracts to provide telephone number
 portability services in the United States, our expanded range of
 DNS services, and growth in the use of U.S. Common Short
 Codes.

Addressing. Addressing revenue increased
 20.9 million due to the expanded range of DNS services we
 offer and the continued increase in the use of U.S. Common
 Short Codes. Specifically, revenue from DNS services increased
 17.4 million, consisting of a 13.0 million increase
 in revenue from our NeuStar Ultra services due to increased
 demand from customers who rely on us to manage their
 increasingly complex DNS requirements and a 4.4 million
 increase in revenue due to an increased number of domain names
 under management. In addition, revenue from U.S. Common
 Short Codes increased 5.5 million due to an increased
 number of codes under management. These increases were offset by
 a decrease of 1.7 million in revenue under our contracts
 to provide telephone number portability services in the United
 States.

Interoperability. Interoperability revenue
 increased 2.6 million. Our Clearinghouse business segment
 revenue decreased 3.6 million, offset by a
 6.2 million increase attributable to our NGM business
 segment. Clearinghouse revenue decreased primarily due to a
 decrease in revenue of 2.6 million under our contracts to
 provide telephone number portability services in the United
 States due to decreased competitive churn and lower annual
 average price per transaction. In addition, our revenue from
 telephone number portability services in Canada decreased
 4.8 million resulting from a return to normal use patterns
 in 2008 as compared to the elevated transaction levels we
 experienced in early 2007 in advance of the introduction of
 wireless number portability in Canada. These decreases were
 offset by a 4.4 million increase in revenue from our order
 management services. The increase in NGM business segment
 revenue of 6.2 million was driven by an increase in the
 number of end users utilizing our services.

Infrastructure and other. Infrastructure and
 other revenue increased 36.1 million, of which
 35.8 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse
 business segment and 0.3 million was attributable to our
 NGM business segment. Clearinghouse revenue increased primarily
 due to increased demand for our network management services,
 principally due to customers making changes to their networks
 that required actions such as disconnects and modifications to
 network elements. We believe these changes were driven largely
 by trends in the industry, including the implementation of new
 technologies by our customers, such as wireless technology
 upgrades and network optimization. In addition, infrastructure
 revenue from our NGM business segment increased
 0.3 million, which was driven by an increase in the number
 of carrier customers utilizing our services.

Expense 

Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased
 10.6 million, of which 1.9 million was attributable
 to our Clearinghouse business segment and 8.7 million was
 attributable to our NGM business segment. Clearinghouse cost of
 revenue increased due to an increase of 4.0 million in
 royalty expenses related to U.S. Common Short Code services
 and expense related to new deployments. This increase was offset
 by a reduction of 2.8 million in personnel and
 personnel-related expense as a result of increased operating
 efficiencies in support of our platforms. The 8.7 million
 increase in NGM cost of revenue was due primarily to an increase
 of 3.6 million in personnel and personnel-related expense,
 an increase of 2.7 million in consultants and professional
 fees, and 2.4 million increase in general support costs
 associated with additional deployments for the carrier customers
 utilizing our services.

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing
 expense increased 3.3 million, of which 2.1 million
 was attributable to our Clearinghouse business segment and
 1.2 million was attributable to our NGM business segment.
 Clearinghouse sales and marketing expense increased
 1.6 million due to personnel and personnel-related expense
 as a result of additions to our sales and marketing team to
 focus on branding, product launches, and expanded DNS service
 offerings. The increase in NGM sales and marketing expense was
 due predominantly to an increase of 0.7 million in
 personnel and personnel-related expense to expand our sales
 force for NGM services and increased sales activities for new
 business development opportunities.

44

Table of Contents 

Research and development. Total research and
 development expense remained relatively flat. Research and
 development expense for our Clearinghouse business segment
 decreased 2.2 million, which was offset by a
 2.3 million increase attributable to our NGM business
 segment. Clearinghouse research and development expense
 decreased 1.3 million due to reductions in personnel and
 personnel-related expense and decreased 0.8 million due to
 reductions in consultants and professional fees. The
 2.3 million increase in NGM research and development
 expense was attributable to a 1.6 million increase in
 personnel and personnel-related expenses due to increased
 headcount and a 0.7 million increase related to consulting
 fees to support NGM service offerings.

General and administrative. General and
 administrative expense increased 9.8 million, of which
 8.8 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse business
 segment and 1.0 million was attributable to our NGM
 business segment. Clearinghouse general and administrative
 expense increased 4.6 million in personnel and
 personnel-related expense due to increased headcount and
 2.5 million increase in general facility costs. In
 addition, consulting fees to support business growth increased
 1.8 million. The 1.0 million increase in NGM general
 and administrative expense was due primarily to personnel and
 personnel-related expense to increase headcount to support
 business growth.

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation
 and amortization expense increased 2.9 million, of which
 1.7 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse business
 segment and 1.2 million was attributable to our NGM
 business segment. These increases in each of our segments were
 due predominantly to an increase in capital assets purchased and
 held during the period.

Restructuring charges. In December 2008, we
 recorded restructuring charges for our NGM business segment
 consisting of 1.2 million in severance related costs,
 primarily due to a workforce reduction, and 0.5 million in
 lease and facilities exit costs. There was no corresponding
 expense for the year ended December 31, 2007.

Impairment of goodwill. We recorded total
 impairment charges of 93.6 million to write down the value
 of goodwill from our NGM business segment in 2008. There was no
 corresponding expense for the year ended December 31, 2007.

Impairment of long-lived assets. In the fourth
 quarter of 2008, we recorded an impairment charge of
 18.2 million to write down our NGM business segment
 intangible assets by 12.9 million and property and
 equipment assets by 5.3 million. There was no
 corresponding expense for the year ended December 31, 2007.

Interest and other expense. Interest and other
 expense for the year ended December 31, 2008 increased
 15.1 million as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2007 due primarily to other-than-temporary
 impairment charges taken on our ARS of 1.6 million and
 cash reserve fund investments of 2.7 million, and losses
 on our ARS of 9.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2008
 due to the change in categorization of the ARS from
 available-for-sale to trading. There was no corresponding
 other-than-temporary impairment charges or losses in the year
 ended December 31, 2007.

Interest and other income. Interest and other
 income for the year ended December 31, 2008 increased
 8.5 million as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2007 due primarily to the gain on our ARS
 rights offering of 9.4 million recognized in fourth
 quarter of 2008, offset by a decrease in interest income due to
 lower yields on lower average cash and short-term investment
 balances as compared to the year ended December 31, 2007.

Provision for income taxes. Our annual
 effective tax rate increased to 93.5 for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 from 39.7 for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 due primarily to the impact of the
 93.6 million non-cash impairment charges related to our
 write-down of goodwill, none of which is deductible for tax
 purposes. The income tax provision for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 increased 0.9 million as compared
 to the year ended December 31, 2007 due primarily to an
 increase in income from operations excluding the goodwill
 impairment charges in 2008.

45

Table of Contents 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2006 Compared to the Year Ended
 December 31, 2007 

The following table presents an overview of our results of
 operations for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007.

2006 

2007 

2006 vs. 2007 

Change 

Change 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Revenue:

Addressing

103,858

109,799

5,941

5.7

Interoperability

56,454

61,679

5,225

9.3

Infrastructure and other

172,645

257,694

85,049

49.3

Total revenue

332,957

429,172

96,215

28.9

Operating expense:

Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization shown
 separately below)

86,106

94,948

8,842

10.3

Sales and marketing

47,671

70,833

23,162

48.6

Research and development

17,639

27,381

9,742

55.2

General and administrative

34,902

48,633

13,731

39.3

Depreciation and amortization

24,016

37,731

13,715

57.1

210,334

279,526

69,192

32.9

Income from operations

122,623

149,646

27,023

22.0

Other (expense) income:

Interest and other expense

(1,260

(1,147

113

(9.0

Interest income

3,984

4,612

628

15.8

Income before minority interest and income taxes

125,347

153,111

27,764

22.1

Minority interest

(95

95

(100.0

Income before income taxes

125,252

153,111

27,859

22.2

Provision for income taxes

51,353

60,776

9,423

18.3

Net income

73,899

92,335

18,436

24.9

Net income per common share:

Basic

1.02

1.22

Diluted

0.94

1.17

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

72,364

75,954

Diluted

78,267

79,235

Revenue 

Total revenue. Total revenue increased
 96.2 million due primarily to increases in infrastructure
 transactions under our contracts to provide telephone number
 portability services in the United States, our expanded range of
 DNS services, and growth in the use of U.S. Common Short
 Codes.

Addressing. Addressing revenue increased
 5.9 million due to the expanded range of DNS services we
 offer as a result of our acquisition of
 UltraDNS Corporation in April 2006, and the continued
 increase in the use of U.S. Common Short Codes.
 Specifically, revenue from DNS services increased
 18.4 million, consisting of a 15.0 million increase
 in revenue from increased use of our NeuStar Ultra services, and
 a 3.4 million increase in

46

Table of Contents 

revenue from an increased number of domain names under
 management. In addition, revenue from U.S. Common Short
 Codes increased 7.8 million due to an increased number of
 subscribers for U.S. Common Short Codes. These increases
 were offset by a decrease of 19.5 million in revenue under
 our contracts to provide telephone number portability services
 in the United States. We believe that this reduction in
 addressing revenue was due to a return to normal network
 expansion activities by carriers from unusually high levels in
 2006, and the reduced pricing under these contracts that went
 into effect on January 1, 2007.

Interoperability. Interoperability revenue
 increased 5.2 million, of which 1.8 million was
 attributable to our Clearinghouse business segment and
 3.4 million was attributable to our NGM business segment.
 Clearinghouse revenue increased predominantly due to increased
 demand for telephone number portability services in advance of
 the introduction of wireless number portability in Canada.
 Specifically, revenue from telephone number portability services
 in Canada increased 6.4 million, which was partially
 offset by a decrease in revenue of 4.8 million under our
 contracts to provide telephone number portability services in
 the United States due to decreased competitive churn. NGM
 revenue was 3.4 million, which was driven by an expansion
 of the number of carrier customers utilizing inter-carrier
 services and the initial stages of end user adoption of mobile
 instant messaging. We acquired the NGM business at the end of
 November 2006; thus there was no corresponding NGM revenue in
 2006.

Infrastructure and other. Infrastructure and
 other revenue increased 85.0 million, of which
 80.4 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse
 business segment and 4.6 million was attributable to our
 NGM business segment. Clearinghouse revenue increased
 predominantly due to increased demand for our network management
 services, primarily due to customers making changes to their
 networks that required actions such as disconnects and
 modifications to network elements. We believe these changes were
 driven largely by trends in the industry, including the
 implementation of new technologies by our customers, such as
 wireless technology upgrades and network optimization. In
 addition, infrastructure revenue from our NGM business segment
 increased 4.6 million, which was driven by an expansion of
 the number of carrier customers utilizing intra-carrier services
 and the initial stages of end user adoption of mobile instant
 messaging.

Expense 

Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased
 8.8 million, of which 2.0 million was attributable
 to our Clearinghouse business segment and 6.8 million was
 attributable to our NGM business segment. Clearinghouse cost of
 revenue increased due to an increase of 5.7 million in
 royalty expenses related to U.S. Common Short Code
 services. This increase was offset by a reduction of
 3.0 million in personnel and personnel-related expense,
 which was driven by increased operating efficiencies relating to
 support of our platforms, and a reduction of 1.5 million
 in contractor costs and professional fees. NGM cost of revenue
 totaled 7.3 million for 2007, representing a
 6.8 million increase over the one month of cost of revenue
 we incurred following our acquisition of Followap in November
 2006.

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing
 expense increased 23.2 million, of which
 13.6 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse
 business segment and 9.6 million was attributable to our
 NGM business segment. Clearinghouse sales and marketing expense
 increased 9.5 million in personnel and personnel-related
 expense due primarily to additions to our sales and marketing
 team to focus on branding, product launches, expanded DNS
 service offerings, and new business development opportunities,
 including international expansion. In addition, external costs
 and other general marketing expense increased 2.0 million.
 NGM sales and marketing expense totaled 10.6 million for
 2007, representing a 9.6 million increase over the one
 month of sales and marketing expense we incurred following our
 acquisition of Followap in November 2006.

Research and development. Research and
 development expense increased 9.7 million, of which
 2.4 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse business
 segment and 7.3 million was attributable to our NGM
 business segment. Clearinghouse research and development expense
 increased 2.5 million in personnel and personnel-related
 expense due primarily to additions to our research and
 development team to support our service offerings. NGM research
 and development expense totaled 7.9 million for 2007,
 representing a 7.3 million increase over the one month of
 research and development expense we incurred following our
 acquisition of Followap in November 2006.

47

Table of Contents 

General and administrative. General and
 administrative expense increased 13.7 million, of which
 5.7 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse business
 segment and 8.0 million was attributable to our NGM
 business segment. Clearinghouse general and administrative
 expense increased 3.9 million in personnel and
 personnel-related expense due to increased headcount to support
 business growth. In addition, this increase was further
 augmented by the reversal of a legal contingency accrual of
 1.5 million in the second quarter of 2006 for which there
 was no comparable reversal during the year ended
 December 31, 2007. NGM general and administrative expense
 totaled 8.2 million for 2007, representing an
 8.0 million increase over the one month of general and
 administrative expense we incurred following our acquisition of
 Followap in November 2006.

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation
 and amortization expense increased 13.7 million, of which
 5.1 million was attributable to our Clearinghouse business
 segment and 8.6 million was attributable to our NGM
 business segment. Clearinghouse depreciation and amortization
 expense increased primarily due to a 3.4 million increase
 in depreciation of capital assets and a 1.7 million
 increase in amortization of identified intangibles as a result
 of our acquisition of UltraDNS. NGM depreciation and
 amortization expense totaled 9.5 million for 2007,
 representing an 8.6 million increase over the one month of
 depreciation and amortization expense we incurred following our
 acquisition of Followap in November 2006. This increase was
 primarily due to 7.1 million of expense related to the
 amortization of identified intangibles as a result of our
 acquisition of Followap.

Interest and other expense. Interest and other
 expense for the year ended December 31, 2007 was comparable
 to interest and other expense for the year ended
 December 31, 2006.

Interest income. Interest income for the year
 ended December 31, 2007 increased 0.6 million as
 compared to the year ended December 31, 2006 due to higher
 yields on average combined cash and short-term investment
 balances.

Provision for income taxes. Income tax
 provision for the year ended December 31, 2007 increased
 9.4 million as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2006 due primarily to an increase in income
 from operations. Our annual effective tax rate decreased to
 39.7 for the year ended December 31, 2007 from 41.0 for
 the year ended December 31, 2006.

Consolidated
 Results of Operations 

We operate in two business segments Clearinghouse
 and NGM. We have provided consolidated results of operations for
 our Clearinghouse business segment and our NGM business segment.
 For further discussion of the operating results of our
 Clearinghouse business segment and our NGM business segment,
 including revenue, income (loss) from operations, total assets,
 goodwill, and intangible assets, see Note 17 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

Our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by operating
 activities. Our principal uses of cash have been to fund
 acquisitions, stock repurchases, facility expansions, capital
 expenditures, working capital and debt service requirements. We
 anticipate that our principal uses of cash in the future will be
 working capital, capital expenditures, facility expansion, stock
 repurchases and acquisitions.

Total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were
 161.7 million at December 31, 2008, a decrease from
 198.7 million at December 31, 2007. This decrease was
 due primarily to the use of 124.9 million to repurchase
 shares of our Class A common stock and the reclassification
 of 31.1 million of investments to long-term due to failed
 auctions for ARS held by us. Of the 161.7 million included
 in total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments,
 10.8 million is invested in a cash reserve fund that has
 been closed to new investments and immediate redemptions since
 December 2007. The fund currently has a projected redemption
 schedule that will result in approximately 90 to 95 percent
 of the fund being redeemed in 2009.

We have a credit facility that is available for cash borrowings
 up to 100 million that may be used for working capital,
 capital expenditures, general corporate purposes and to finance
 acquisitions. Our credit agreement contains customary
 representations and warranties, affirmative and negative
 covenants, and events of default. Our credit agreement requires
 us to maintain a minimum consolidated EBITDA to consolidated
 interest charge ratio and a

48

Table of Contents 

maximum consolidated senior funded indebtedness to consolidated
 EBITDA ratio. If an event of default occurs and is continuing,
 we may be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the
 credit agreement or we may not be able to borrow cash under the
 existing credit facility. In addition, lenders holding more than
 50 of the loans and commitments under the new credit agreement
 may elect to accelerate the maturity of amounts due thereunder
 upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of
 default. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2008, we
 were in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31,
 2008, we had no borrowings under the credit facility and we
 utilized 8.8 million for outstanding letters of credit.

At December 31, 2008, our long-term investments totaled
 40.5 million and consisted of auction rate securities of
 31.1 million whose underlying assets are student loans, of
 which more than 90 are guaranteed by the federal government as
 part of the Federal Family Education Loan Program, or FFELP, and
 9.4 million of ARS rights. These auction rate securities
 are intended to provide liquidity via an auction process that
 resets the applicable interest rate approximately every
 30 days and allows investors to either roll over their
 holdings or gain immediate liquidity by selling such investments
 at par. The underlying maturities of these investments range
 from 16 to 38 years. As a result of current negative
 conditions in the global credit markets, auctions for our
 31.1 million investment in these securities as of
 December 31, 2008 have failed on their respective
 settlement dates during the year ended December 31, 2008.
 Consequently, the investments are not currently liquid and we
 will not be able to access these funds until a future auction of
 these investments is successful, they are redeemed by the issuer
 of the securities or a buyer is found outside of the auction
 process. Given our strong liquidity position and expected cash
 flows, we do not anticipate the illiquidity of our auction rate
 securities will materially impact our ability to fund our
 operations for the next twelve months.

In November 2008, we accepted a settlement offer from the
 investment firm that brokered the original purchases of the
 41.7 million par value of auction rate securities The
 settlement gave us the right to sell these securities at par
 value to the investment firm during a two year period beginning
 on June 30, 2010. We intend to exercise the rights in June
 2010.

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents,
 short-term investments and cash from operations will be
 sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months.

Discussion
 of Cash Flows 

2008
 compared to 2007 

Cash
 flows from operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 was 167.6 million, as compared to
 145.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2007.
 This 21.7 million increase in net cash provided by
 operating activities was principally the result of an increase
 in non-cash adjustments of 123.2 million, including
 goodwill impairment charges of 93.6 million, a long-lived
 assets impairment charge of 18.2 million,
 12.9 million loss on investments held as of
 December 31, 2008, and a decrease of 12.6 million
 relating to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation
 resulting from decreased sales by employees of stock-based
 awards. These non-cash increases were offset by a non-cash gain
 of 9.4 million related to our auction rate securities
 rights offering. This overall increase of 123.2 million in
 non-cash adjustments was offset by a decrease in net income for
 the corresponding periods of 88.0 million and a decrease
 in net changes in operating assets and liabilities of
 13.4 million.

49

Table of Contents 

Cash
 flows from investing 

Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 was 5.9 million, as compared to net
 cash used in investing activities of 110.5 million for the
 year ended December 31, 2007. This 116.4 million
 increase in net cash provided by investing activities was
 principally due to a 127.5 million increase in cash
 provided by investments of 45.8 million from redemptions
 of our investment in a cash reserve fund as compared to net
 purchases of 81.7 million of investments in 2007, and a
 decrease of 1.5 million in purchases of property and
 equipment. This increase was offset by a 12.5 million
 decrease in cash paid for acquisitions during 2008.

Cash
 flows from financing 

Net cash used in financing activities was 119.9 million
 for the year ended December 31, 2008, as compared to net
 cash provided by financing activities of 23.6 million for
 the year ended December 31, 2007. This 143.5 million
 increase in net cash used in financing activities was
 principally the result of 124.9 million used to repurchase
 our Class A common stock, a 12.6 million decrease in
 excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and a
 reduction of 8.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of
 stock options.

2007
 compared to 2006 

Cash
 flows from operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 was 145.9 million, as compared to
 cash provided by operating activities of 117.4 million for
 the year ended December 31, 2006. This 28.5 million
 increase was principally the result of a 28.7 million
 reduction to the cash outflow relating to excess tax benefits
 from stock-based compensation, and a 18.4 million increase
 in net income offset by a 19.8 million increase in other
 non-cash adjustments primarily related to depreciation and
 amortization resulting predominantly from our acquisitions.

Cash
 flows from investing 

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 was 110.5 million, as compared to
 167.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2006.
 This 57.3 million decrease in net cash used in investing
 activities was principally due to a decrease of
 209.5 million in cash paid for acquisitions, which was
 partially offset by 138.6 million increase in the purchase
 of short-term investments and a 13.6 million increase in
 purchases of property and equipment.

Cash
 flows from financing 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 23.6 million
 for the year ended December 31, 2007, as compared to
 62.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2006.
 This 38.5 million decrease in net cash provided by
 financing activities was principally the result of a decrease of
 28.7 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based
 compensation. In addition, the overall decrease in net cash
 provided by financing activities resulted from a decrease in
 proceeds of 5.4 million from the exercise of common stock
 options and 3.2 million of shares repurchased by us during
 the year ended December 31, 2007 pursuant to the exercise
 by stock incentive plan participants of their right to elect to
 use common stock to satisfy their tax withholding obligations.

50

Table of Contents 

Contractual
 Obligations 

Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases
 for office space, computer equipment and furniture and fixtures.
 The following table summarizes our long-term contractual
 obligations as of December 31, 2008.

Payments
 Due by Period 

Less Than 

1-3 

4-5 

More Than 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

(In thousands) 

Capital lease obligations

19,419

8,576

10,843

Operating lease obligations

26,418

9,284

13,926

3,208

Long-term debt

4,364

2,587

1,777

Total

50,201

20,447

26,546

3,208

Some of our commercial commitments are secured by standby
 letters of credit. The following is a summary of our commercial
 commitments secured by standby letters of credit by commitment
 date as of December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Less Than 

1-3 

4-5 

More Than 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

(In thousands) 

Standby letters of credit

8,849

8,314

535

The amounts presented in the table above may not necessarily
 reflect our actual future cash funding requirements, because the
 actual timing of the future payments made may vary from the
 stated contractual obligation. In addition, due to the
 uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash flows
 associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at
 December 31, 2008, we are unable to make reasonably
 reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement with the
 respective taxing authority. Therefore, 1.1 million of
 unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the
 contractual obligations table above. See Note 14 to the
 consolidated financial statements for a discussion on income
 taxes.

Effect of
 Inflation 

Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor
 and equipment. We do not believe that inflation had any material
 effect on our results of operations during the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008.

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or
 FASB, issued SFAS No. 141(R), Business
 Combinations , or SFAS No. 141(R), which replaces
 SFAS No. 141. SFAS No. 141(R) establishes
 principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and
 measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets
 acquired, the liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest
 in the acquiree and the goodwill acquired.
 SFAS No. 141(R) also establishes disclosure
 requirements which will enable users to evaluate the nature and
 financial effects of the business combination.
 SFAS No. 141(R) is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2008. Early adoption of this
 standard is prohibited. We do not currently expect
 SFAS No. 141(R) to have a material impact on our
 consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
 Statements, or SFAS No. 160, which establishes
 accounting and reporting standards for ownership interests in
 subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent, the amount
 of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the
 holder of the noncontrolling interest, changes in a
 parent s ownership interest and the valuation of retained
 non-controlling equity investments when a subsidiary is
 deconsolidated. The Statement also establishes reporting
 requirements that require sufficient disclosures that clearly
 identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent and
 the interests of the non-controlling owners.
 SFAS No. 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after

51

Table of Contents 

December 15, 2008. Early adoption of this standard is
 prohibited. In the absence of any noncontrolling (minority)
 interests, we do not currently expect SFAS No. 160 to
 have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 FAS No. 157-2, 
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 , or FSP
 FAS No. 157-2, 
 which delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 for
 all nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except
 those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
 financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually).
 The effective date has been delayed by one year to fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2008 and interim periods
 within those fiscal years. We adopted SFAS No. 157
 except for those items with respect to which adoption was
 specifically deferred under FSP
 FAS No. 157-2. 
 We are currently evaluating the impact of the full adoption of
 FAS No. 157 on our consolidated financial statements.

In April 2008, the FASB issued
 FSP FAS No. 142-3, 
 Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets , or
 FSP
 FAS No. 142-3, 
 which amends the factors that should be considered in developing
 renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful
 life of a recognized intangible asset under
 SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets . This pronouncement requires enhanced disclosures
 concerning a company s treatment of costs incurred to renew
 or extend the term of a recognized intangible asset. FSP
 FAS No. 142-3 
 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2008. We do not currently expect FSP
 FAS No. 142-3 
 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements.

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31,
 2007 and 2008.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including changes
 in interest rates affecting the return on our investments and
 foreign currency fluctuations.

Exposure to market rate risk for changes in interest rates
 affects the value of our investment portfolio. We have not used
 derivative financial instruments to hedge against such risk in
 our investment portfolio. We invest in securities of
 highly-rated issuers and follow investment policies limiting,
 among other things, the amount of credit exposure to any one
 issuer. We seek to limit default risk by purchasing only
 investment-grade securities. We do not actively manage the risk
 of interest rate fluctuations on our short-term investments;
 however, our exposure to this risk is mitigated by the
 relatively short-term nature of these investments. Based on a
 hypothetical 10 adverse movement in interest rates, our
 interest income on our short-term investments for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 would have been reduced by approximately
 0.2 million. Our long-term investments in auction rate
 securities, or ARS, are classified as trading, with changes in
 fair value due to market changes in interest rates recorded in
 our earnings each period. Based on a hypothetical 10 adverse
 movement in interest rates, our interest income for the
 year-ended December 31, 2008 would have been reduced by
 approximately 0.2 million related to our ARS.

We have accounts on our foreign subsidiaries ledgers which
 are maintained in the respective subsidiary s local foreign
 currency and remeasured into the United States dollar. As a
 result, we are exposed to movements in the exchange rates of
 various currencies against the United States dollar and against
 the currencies of other countries in which we sell services. As
 of December 31, 2008, our assets and liabilities related to
 non-dollar denominated currencies were primarily related to
 intercompany payables and receivables. We do not expect that an
 increase or decrease of 10 in foreign exchange rate would have
 a material impact on our financial position.

Because our sales and expense are primarily denominated in local
 currency, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on sales
 and expenses has not been material, and we do not employ
 measures intended to manage foreign exchange rate risk.

52

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

54

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008 

55

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 

57

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and
 2008 

58

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 

59

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

60

53

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders

NeuStar, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 NeuStar, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2008, and the
 related consolidated statements of operations,
 stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three
 years in the period ended December 31, 2008. Our audits
 also included the financial statement schedule listed in the
 Index at Item 15(a)(2). These financial statements and
 schedule are the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
 financial position of NeuStar, Inc. at December 31, 2007
 and 2008, and the consolidated results of its operations and its
 cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2008, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the
 related financial statement schedule, when considered in
 relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
 presents fairly in all material respects the information set
 forth therein.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
 NeuStar, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 and our report dated March 2, 2009 expressed an unqualified
 opinion thereon.

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
 statements, effective January 1, 2007, NeuStar, Inc.
 adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
 Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in
 Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement
 No. 109 .

/s/ Ernst 
 Young LLP

McLean, Virginia

March 2, 2009

54

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

(In
 thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

98,630

150,829

Restricted cash

488

496

Short-term investments

100,048

10,824

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
 1,654 and 1,209, respectively

76,632

71,805

Unbilled receivables

383

830

Notes receivable

2,159

759

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

9,608

8,928

Deferred costs

8,281

8,518

Income taxes receivable

4,621

Deferred tax assets

13,907

11,079

Total current assets

310,136

268,689

Property and equipment, net

56,191

64,160

Goodwill

204,093

118,067

Intangible assets, net

36,851

16,594

Notes receivable, long-term

759

Deferred costs, long-term

3,575

3,333

Deferred tax assets, long-term

4,244

Long-term investments

40,506

Other assets

5,056

3,573

Total assets

616,661

519,166

See accompanying notes.

55

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

(In
 thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

9,742

6,901

Accrued expenses

47,501

52,202

Deferred revenue

32,236

32,530

Notes payable

2,501

2,587

Capital lease obligations

3,511

7,536

Accrued restructuring reserve

413

1,867

Income taxes payable

3,254

Other liabilities

108

430

Total current liabilities

99,266

104,053

Deferred revenue, long-term

18,063

11,657

Notes payable, long-term

5,206

1,777

Capital lease obligations, long-term

5,717

10,156

Accrued restructuring reserve, long-term

1,793

1,589

Other liabilities, long-term

3,866

3,281

Deferred tax liability

2,215

Total liabilities

136,126

132,513

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares
 authorized; No shares issued or outstanding as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008

Class A common stock, 0.001 par value;
 200,000,000 shares authorized; 77,082,161 shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2007;
 78,925,222 shares issued and outstanding as of
 December 31, 2008

77

79

Class B common stock, 0.001 par value;
 100,000,000 shares authorized; 4,538 shares issued and
 outstanding as of December 31, 2007 and 2008, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

293,785

321,528

Treasury stock, 99,286 and 4,949,771 shares, at cost, at
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, respectively

(3,221

(128,403

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(140

(879

Retained earnings

190,034

194,328

Total stockholders equity

480,535

386,653

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

616,661

519,166

See accompanying notes.

56

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In
 thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Revenue:

Addressing

103,858

109,799

130,736

Interoperability

56,454

61,679

64,305

Infrastructure and other

172,645

257,694

293,804

Total revenue

332,957

429,172

488,845

Operating expense:

Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown
 separately below)

86,106

94,948

105,589

Sales and marketing

47,671

70,833

74,182

Research and development

17,639

27,381

27,527

General and administrative

34,902

48,633

58,407

Depreciation and amortization

24,016

37,731

40,582

Restructuring charges

1,691

Impairment of goodwill

93,602

Impairment of long-lived assets

18,159

210,334

279,526

419,739

Income from operations

122,623

149,646

69,106

Other (expense) income:

Interest and other expense

(1,260

(1,147

(16,237

Interest and other income

3,984

4,612

13,112

Income before minority interest and income taxes

125,347

153,111

65,981

Minority interest

(95

Income before income taxes

125,252

153,111

65,981

Provision for income taxes

51,353

60,776

61,687

Net income

73,899

92,335

4,294

Net income per share:

Basic

1.02

1.22

0.06

Diluted

0.94

1.17

0.06

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

72,364

75,954

74,116

Diluted

78,267

79,235

75,903

See accompanying notes.

57

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Deferred 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Stock 

Treasury 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Compensation 

Stock 

Loss 

Earnings 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2005

68,151

68

199

163,741

(1,446

23,800

186,163

Deferred stock compensation reclassification

(1,446

1,446

Common stock options exercised

5,919

6

19,693

19,699

Stock-based compensation expense

11,890

11,890

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common
 stock

181

(181

Restricted stock granted (forfeited)

100

Repurchase of common stock

(22

(22

Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises

49,517

49,517

Net income

73,899

73,899

Balance at December 31, 2006

74,351

74

18

243,395

(22

97,699

341,146

Common stock options exercised

2,493

2

14,319

14,321

Stock-based compensation expense

15,265

15,265

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common
 stock

14

(14

Common stock issued upon vesting of phantom stock units

224

1

1

Common stock received for tax withholding

(3,199

(3,199

Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises

20,806

20,806

Net income

92,335

92,335

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Unrealized loss on short-term investments, net of tax of 247

(381

(381

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 125

241

241

Comprehensive income

92,195

Balance at December 31, 2007

77,082

77

4

293,785

(3,221

(140

190,034

480,535

Common stock options exercised

1,613

2

6,132

6,134

Stock-based compensation expense

13,373

13,373

Restricted stock granted (forfeited)

230

Common stock repurchase

(124,855

(124,855

Common stock received for tax withholding

(327

(327

Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises

8,238

8,238

Net income

4,294

4,294

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax of 237

364

364

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 380

(1,103

(1,103

Comprehensive income

3,555

Balance at December 31, 2008

78,925

79

4

321,528

(128,403

(879

194,328

386,653

See accompanying notes.

58

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In
 thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Operating activities:

Net income

73,899

92,335

4,294

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

24,016

37,731

40,582

Stock-based compensation

11,890

15,265

13,373

Amortization of deferred financing costs

5

158

182

Tax benefit from stock option exercises

(49,517

(20,806

(8,238

Deferred income taxes

1,448

3,585

(3,488

Noncash restructuring charges

1,691

Impairment of goodwill

93,602

Impairment of long-lived assets

18,159

Provision for doubtful accounts

2,041

2,601

2,387

Minority interest

95

Other-than-temporary loss on available-for-sale investments and
 loss on trading securities

12,905

Gain on auction rate securities rights

(9,416

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable

(21,221

(27,743

2,536

Unbilled receivables

5,944

427

(447

Notes receivable

(3,838

1,994

2,159

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

2,560

(59

877

Deferred costs

(170

(1,413

5

Income tax receivable

63,219

21,699

3,618

Other assets

(411

211

1,309

Other liabilities

1,119

(488

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

6,263

7,098

2,737

Income taxes payable

3,254

(3,254

Accrued restructuring reserve

(534

(368

(441

Deferred revenue

1,691

8,782

(7,018

Net cash provided by operating activities

117,380

145,870

167,626

Investing activities:

Purchases of property and equipment

(13,658

(27,244

(25,780

Sales (purchases) of investments, net

56,936

(81,666

45,830

Businesses acquired, net of cash acquired

(211,072

(1,569

(14,112

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(167,794

(110,479

5,938

Financing activities:

Release (disbursement) of restricted cash

374

(488

(8

Principal repayments on notes payable

(1,443

(3,323

(3,343

Principal repayments on capital lease obligations

(5,998

(4,486

(5,721

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options

19,699

14,321

6,134

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation

49,517

20,806

8,238

Repurchase of restricted stock awards

(22

(3,199

(327

Repurchase of common stock

(124,855

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

62,127

23,631

(119,882

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents

366

(1,483

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

11,713

59,388

52,199

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

27,529

39,242

98,630

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

39,242

98,630

150,829

Supplemental cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

870

1,056

1,417

(Refunds received) cash paid for income taxes

(14,172

30,953

65,859

See accompanying notes.

59

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

DESCRIPTION
 OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION 

NeuStar, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated as a Delaware
 corporation in 1998. The Company provides essential
 clearinghouse services to the communications industry and
 enterprise customers. Its customers use the databases the
 Company contractually maintains in its clearinghouse to obtain
 data required to successfully route telephone calls in North
 America, to exchange information with other communications
 service providers and to manage technological changes in their
 own networks. The Company operates the authoritative directories
 that manage virtually all telephone area codes and numbers, and
 it enables the dynamic routing of calls among thousands of
 competing communications service providers, or CSPs, in the
 United States and Canada. All CSPs that offer telecommunications
 services to the public at large, or telecommunications service
 providers, must access the Company s clearinghouse to
 properly route virtually all of their customers calls. The
 Company also provides clearinghouse services to emerging CSPs,
 including Internet service providers, mobile network operators,
 cable television operators, and voice over Internet protocol, or
 VoIP, service providers. In addition, the Company provides
 domain name services, including internal and external managed
 DNS solutions that play a key role in directing and managing
 traffic on the Internet, and it also manages the authoritative
 directories for the .us and .biz Internet domains. The Company
 operates the authoritative directory for U.S. Common Short
 Codes part of the short messaging service relied upon by the
 U.S. wireless industry, and provides solutions used by
 mobile network operators throughout Europe to enable mobile
 instant messaging for their end users.

The Company was founded to meet the technical and operational
 challenges of the communications industry when the
 U.S. government mandated local number portability in 1996.
 While the Company remains the provider of the authoritative
 solution that the communications industry relies upon to meet
 this mandate, the Company has developed a broad range of
 innovative services to meet an expanded range of customer needs.
 The Company provides critical technology services that solve the
 addressing, interoperability and infrastructure needs of CSPs
 and enterprises. These services are now used by CSPs and
 enterprises to manage a range of their technical and operating
 requirements, including:

Addressing. The Company enables CSPs and
 enterprises to use critical, shared addressing resources, such
 as telephone numbers, Internet top-level domain names, and
 U.S. Common Short Codes.

Interoperability. The Company enables CSPs to
 exchange and share critical operating data so that
 communications originating on one provider s network can be
 delivered and received on the network of another CSP. The
 Company also facilitates order management and work flow
 processing among CSPs.

Infrastructure and Other. The Company enables
 CSPs to more efficiently manage their networks by centrally
 managing certain critical data they use to route communications
 over their own networks.

2. 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of
 Presentation and Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All material
 intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in
 consolidation. The Company consolidates investments where it has
 a controlling financial interest as defined by Accounting
 Research Bulletin (ARB) No. 51, Consolidated Financial
 Statements , as amended by Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards (SFAS) No. 94, Consolidation of all
 Majority-Owned Subsidiaries . The usual condition for
 controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority of the
 voting interest and, therefore, as a general rule, ownership,
 directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the outstanding
 voting shares is a condition indicating consolidation. Minority
 interest is recorded in the statement of operations for the
 share of income or loss allocated to minority stockholders to
 the extent that the minority stockholder s investment in
 the subsidiary does not fall below zero. For investments in
 variable interest entities, as defined by Financial Accounting
 Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 46,
 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities , the Company
 would consolidate when it is determined to be the primary
 beneficiary of a variable interest entity. For those investments
 in entities where the Company has significant

60

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

influence over operations, but where the Company neither has a
 controlling financial interest nor is the primary beneficiary of
 a variable interest entity, the Company follows the equity
 method of accounting pursuant to Accounting Principles Board
 (APB) Opinion No. 18, The Equity Method of Accounting
 for Investments in Common Stock . The Company does not have
 any variable interest entities or investments accounted for
 under the equity method of accounting.

Use of
 Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
 management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
 reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense
 during the reporting periods. Significant estimates and
 assumptions are inherent in the analysis and the measurement of
 deferred tax assets, the identification and quantification of
 income tax liabilities due to uncertain tax positions,
 restructuring liabilities, valuation of investments,
 recoverability of intangible assets, other long-lived assets and
 goodwill, and the determination of the allowance for doubtful
 accounts. The Company bases its estimates on historical
 experience and assumptions that it believes are reasonable.
 Actual results could differ from those estimates.

The annual goodwill impairment test, any required interim
 goodwill impairment test and the related determination of the
 fair value of reporting units and intangible assets each involve
 the use of significant estimates and assumptions by management,
 and are inherently subjective. In particular, for each of the
 Company s reporting units, the significant assumptions used
 to determine fair value include market penetration, anticipated
 growth rates, and risk-adjusted discount rates for the income
 approach, as well as the selection of comparable companies and
 comparable transactions for the market approach. Changes in
 estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on
 whether or not an impairment charge is recognized and also the
 magnitude of any such charge. Specifically, for the
 Company s Next Generation Messaging (NGM) reporting unit,
 due to the early stage of its operations and the emerging nature
 of mobile instant messaging technology, the assumptions and
 estimates used by management that are incorporated within the
 NGM valuation have a high degree of subjectivity, and are thus
 more likely to change over time. In addition, because relatively
 few carriers control a substantial portion of the end users who
 will drive the success of mobile instant messaging, the
 activities of NGM s largest customers can have a
 significant impact on these assumptions and estimates.

In 2008, the Company recorded two goodwill impairment charges
 for its NGM reporting unit. Late in the first quarter of 2008,
 there were changes in the market and identified customer-related
 events that caused the Company to change certain of its
 assumptions underlying the financial forecast relating to NGM,
 most notably its assumptions about end-user adoption rates.
 Projections of future cash flows for the NGM business are
 particularly sensitive to these assumptions. As a result, when
 the events of the first quarter caused the Company to reduce its
 projections relating to the rate at which new end users would
 begin using mobile instant messaging, those changed assumptions
 had a dramatic impact on the financial forecast for that
 business and the estimated fair value of the NGM business. As a
 result, the Company recorded a 29.0 million impairment
 charge in the first quarter of the 2008 fiscal year.

In the fourth quarter of 2008, in response to lower than
 anticipated adoption rates and the resulting underperformance of
 the NGM business, as well as the manner in which the mobile data
 market had evolved and was evolving, we added new leadership and
 conducted a strategic evaluation of the NGM business. The goal
 of this strategic evaluation was to position NGM for future
 long-term success in the mobile instant messaging market. During
 the course of this evaluation, the Company conducted a thorough
 review of the NGM business, including its experience in the
 mobile instant messaging market since the acquisition of
 Followap Inc. in November 2006, the current state of the mobile
 instant messaging market and related markets, the performance of
 the Company s competitors for these services and consumer
 demand. Following this evaluation, the Company decided to change
 the direction of its NGM business to offer enhanced end user
 experiences, faster deployments, and greater operator control,
 all of which would be delivered from a common infrastructure.
 Associated with this decision, the Company

61

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

began to realign the NGM organization, and announced a
 restructuring plan in December 2008 to leverage its existing
 operational resources to support the NGM initiatives. In
 addition, consistent with the new strategic direction, the
 Company began development of a new technology platform that
 would serve as the common infrastructure for each of its NGM
 customers. This repositioning of the NGM business will result in
 a delay in market penetration and delayed growth in end user
 adoption rates. At the same time, the NGM business will require
 continued investment and will continue to experience net cash
 outflows until that market penetration and growth occurs. The
 revisions to the financial forecast to reflect this new
 strategic direction resulted in a decline in the estimated fair
 value of the NGM business. As a result, the Company recorded an
 additional goodwill impairment charge of 64.6 million in
 the fourth quarter of 2008 (see Note 7).

The key assumptions used in the Company s annual goodwill
 impairment test to determine the fair value of its NGM reporting
 unit included: (a) cash flow projections which include
 growth assumptions for forecasted revenue and expenses;
 (b) a terminal multiple of 7.5 times used to determine the
 expected proceeds resulting from the sale of its NGM reporting
 unit at the end of the cash flow projection period (c) a
 discount rate of 45 , which was based upon its NGM reporting
 unit s weighted cost of capital adjusted for the risks
 associated with the operations at the time of the annual
 goodwill impairment test; (d) selection of comparable
 companies and transactions used in the market approach; and
 (e) assumptions in weighting the results of the discounted
 cash flow approach, income approach and market approach
 valuation techniques. A variance in the discount rate could have
 a significant effect on the amount of the goodwill impairment
 charge recorded.

The Company believes that the assumptions and estimates used to
 determine the estimated fair values of each of its reporting
 units are reasonable; however, these estimates are inherently
 subjective, and there are a number of factors, including factors
 outside of the Company s control, that could cause actual
 results to differ from the Company s estimates, including
 further delays from changes in strategy by participants in the
 mobile instant messaging market, lack of effective marketing
 efforts to promote mobile instant messaging to end users and
 unforeseen changes in the market. Any changes in key assumptions
 about the Company s businesses and their prospects, or
 changes in market conditions, could result in an additional
 impairment charge. Such a charge could have a material effect on
 the Company s consolidated financial position because of
 the significance of goodwill and intangible assets to the
 Company s consolidated balance sheet. As of
 December 31, 2008, the Company had 95.7 million and
 22.3 million, respectively, in goodwill for its
 Clearinghouse reporting unit and its NGM reporting unit, subject
 to future impairment tests.

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 107,
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments ,
 requires disclosures of fair value information about financial
 instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, for
 which it is practicable to estimate that value. Due to their
 short-term nature, the carrying amounts reported in the
 consolidated financial statements approximate the fair value for
 cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable
 and accrued expenses. As of December 31, 2007, the Company
 believes the carrying value of its long-term notes receivable
 approximates fair value as the interest rates approximate a
 market rate. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt
 is based upon quoted market prices for the same and similar
 issuances giving consideration to quality, interest rates,
 maturity and other characteristics. As of December 31, 2007
 and 2008, the Company believes the carrying amount of its
 long-term debt approximates its fair value since the fixed and
 variable interest rates of the debt approximate a market rate.
 The Company determines the fair values of its long-term
 investments using discounted cash flow models (see Note 5).
 The Company has a right to sell its auction rate securities,
 beginning in June 2010, to the investment firm that brokered the
 original purchases. The carrying value of the Company s
 auction rate securities rights is based on the estimated
 discounted cash flow of the associated auction rate securities.
 As permitted under SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value
 Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Including
 an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115
 (SFAS No. 159), the Company elected fair value
 measurement for the auction rate securities rights.

62

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash and
 Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments, which are
 readily convertible into cash and have original maturities of
 three months or less at the time of purchase, to be cash
 equivalents. Supplemental non-cash information to the
 consolidated statements of cash flows is as follows:

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Fixed assets acquired through capital leases

5,154

5,597

14,150

Fixed assets acquired through notes payable

10,049

Accounts payable incurred to purchase fixed assets

85

345

294

Restricted
 Cash 

At December 31, 2007 and 2008, approximately 488,000 and
 496,000, respectively, of cash was held with a local bank in
 the form of a bank guarantee as security for the Company s
 performance under a noncancelable operating lease agreement and
 was classified as restricted cash on the consolidated balance
 sheets.

Concentrations
 of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that are potentially subject to a
 concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash
 equivalents, investments, and accounts receivable. The
 Company s cash and short-term investment policies are in
 place to restrict placement of these instruments with only
 financial institutions evaluated as highly creditworthy.

With respect to accounts receivable, the Company performs
 ongoing evaluations of its customers, generally granting
 uncollateralized credit terms to its customers, and maintains an
 allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical experience
 and management s expectations of future losses. Customers
 under the Company s contracts with the North American
 Portability Management LLC are charged a Revenue Recovery
 Collection fee (See Accounts Receivable, Revenue Recovery
 Collection and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts).

Investments 

The Company s investments classified as available-for-sale
 and are carried at estimated fair value, as determined by quoted
 market prices or other valuation methods, with unrealized gains
 and losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other
 comprehensive loss. Realized gains and losses and declines in
 value judged to be other-than-temporary, if any, on
 available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other
 expense. The cost of available-for-sale short-term investments
 sold is based on the specific identification method for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, and 2007. Because of
 other-than-temporary charges related to short-term investments
 recognized in earnings during 2008, the cost of securities sold
 during 2008 is reduced by a pro-rata allocation of any
 other-than-temporary loss previously recognized as a charge to
 earnings. Interest and dividends on these securities is included
 in interest and other income.

The Company periodically evaluates whether any declines in the
 fair value of investments are other-than-temporary. This
 evaluation consists of a review of several factors, including
 but not limited to: the length of time and extent that a
 security has been in an unrealized loss position; the existence
 of an event that would impair the issuer s future earnings
 potential; the near-term prospects for recovery of the market
 value of a security; and the intent and ability of the Company
 to hold the security until the market value recovers. Declines
 in value below cost for investments when it is considered
 probable that all contractual terms of the investment will be
 satisfied, which are primarily due to changes in market demand
 and not because of increased credit risk, and which the Company
 intends and has the ability to hold the investment for a period
 of time sufficient to allow a market recovery, are not
 recognized as an other-than temporary charge in earnings.

63

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company s investments classified as trading are carried
 at estimated fair value as determined by quoted market prices or
 other valuation methods, with unrealized gains and losses
 reported in other (expense) income. At December 31, 2008,
 the Company classified its auction rate securities as trading
 pursuant to SFAS No. 115, Accounting for Certain
 Investments in Debt and Equity Securities , with changes in
 the fair value of these securities recorded in earnings (see
 Note 3). Interest and dividends on these securities is
 included in interest and other income.

Accounts
 Receivable, Revenue Recovery Collections and Allowance for
 Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do
 not bear interest. In accordance with the Company s
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC, the
 Company bills a Revenue Recovery Collections (RRC) fee to offset
 uncollectible receivables from any individual customer. The RRC
 fee is based on a percentage of monthly billings. Beginning
 July 1, 2005, the RRC fee was 1 of monthly billings. On
 July 1, 2008 the RRC fee was reduced to 0.75 . The RRC fees
 are recorded as an accrued liability when collected. If the RRC
 fee is insufficient, the amounts can be recovered from the
 customers. Any accrued RRC fees in excess of uncollectible
 receivables are paid back to the customers annually on a pro
 rata basis. RRC fees of 3.6 million and 3.3 million
 are included in accrued expenses as of December 31, 2007
 and 2008, respectively. All other receivables related to
 services not covered by the RRC fees are evaluated and, if
 deemed not collectible, are reserved. The Company recorded an
 allowance for doubtful accounts of 1.7 million and
 1.2 million as of December 31, 2007 and 2008,
 respectively. Bad debt expense amounted to 2.0 million,
 2.6 million and 2.4 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

Deferred
 Financing Costs 

The Company amortizes deferred financing costs using the
 effective-interest method and records such amortization as
 interest expense. Amortization of debt discount and annual
 commitment fees for unused portions of available borrowings are
 also recorded as interest expense.

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment, including leasehold improvements and
 assets acquired through capital leases, are recorded at cost,
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation
 and amortization of property and equipment are determined using
 the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
 assets, as follows:

Computer hardware

3-5 years

Equipment

5 years

Furniture and fixtures

5-7 years

Leasehold improvements

Lesser of related lease term or useful life

Amortization expense of capital leased assets is included in
 depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated
 statements of operations. Replacements and major improvements
 are capitalized; maintenance and repairs are charged to expense
 as incurred. Impairments of long-lived assets are determined in
 accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ,
 (SFAS No. 144) . 

The Company capitalizes software development and acquisition
 costs in accordance with Statement of Position (SOP)
 No. 98-1, 
 Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or
 Obtained for Internal Use .
 SOP No. 98-1 
 requires the capitalization of costs incurred in connection with
 developing or obtaining software for internal use. Costs
 incurred to develop the application are capitalized, while costs
 incurred for planning the project and for post-implementation
 training and maintenance are expensed as incurred. The
 capitalized costs of purchased technology and software
 development are amortized using the straight-line method over
 the estimated useful life of three to five years. During the
 years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008, the Company
 capitalized costs related to internal use software of
 11.0 million and 15.9 million, respectively.
 Amortization expense related to internal use

64

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

software for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and
 2008 was 5.8 million, 9.2 million and
 10.1 million, respectively, and is included in
 depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated
 statements of operations.

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the
 fair value of assets acquired, as well as other definite-lived
 intangible assets. In accordance with SFAS No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , goodwill and
 indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are
 reviewed for impairment upon the occurrence of events or changes
 in circumstances that would reduce the fair value of such assets
 below their carrying amount. Goodwill is required to be tested
 for impairment at least annually, or on an interim basis if
 circumstances change that would indicate the possibility of
 impairment. For purposes of the Company s annual impairment
 test, the Company has identified and assigned goodwill to two
 reporting units, Clearinghouse and NGM.

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level
 using a two-step approach. The first step is to compare the fair
 value of a reporting unit s net assets, including assigned
 goodwill, to the book value of its net assets, including
 assigned goodwill. Fair value of the reporting unit is
 determined using both an income and market approach. To assist
 in the process of determining if a goodwill impairment exists,
 the Company performs internal valuation analyses and considers
 other market information that is publicly available, and the
 Company may obtain valuations from external advisors. If the
 fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its net book
 value, the assigned goodwill is not considered impaired. If the
 fair value is less than the reporting unit s net book
 value, the Company performs a second step to measure the amount
 of the impairment, if any. The second step is to compare the
 book value of the reporting unit s assigned goodwill to the
 implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill, using
 a theoretical purchase price allocation. If the carrying value
 of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment has
 occurred and the Company is required to record a write-down of
 the carrying value and charge the impairment as an operating
 expense in the period the determination is made. In 2008, the
 Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of
 93.6 million related to its NGM reporting unit (see
 Note 7). There were no impairment charges related to the
 Company s Clearinghouse reporting unit in the year ended
 December 31, 2008. There were no impairment charges
 recognized during the years ended December 31, 2006 and
 2007.

Identifiable
 Intangible Assets 

Identifiable intangible assets are amortized over their
 respective estimated useful lives using a method of amortization
 that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the
 intangible assets are consumed or otherwise used and are
 reviewed for impairment in accordance with
 SFAS No. 144. In 2008, the Company recorded an
 intangible asset impairment of 12.9 million related to its
 NGM reporting unit (see Note 7).

The Company s identifiable intangible assets are amortized
 as follows:

Years 

Method 

Acquired technologies

3 to 5

Straight-line

Customer lists and relationships

3 to 7

Various

Trade name

3

Straight-line

Amortization expense related to acquired technologies and
 customer lists and relationships is included in depreciation and
 amortization expense in the consolidated statements of
 operations.

Impairment
 of Long-Lived Assets 

In accordance with SFAS No. 144, the Company reviews
 long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets for
 impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
 the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
 comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future
 undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the
 assets. Recoverability

65

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

measurement and estimating of undiscounted cash flows is done at
 the lowest possible level for which there is identifiable
 assets. If such assets are considered impaired, the amount of
 impairment recognized is equal to the amount by which the
 carrying amount of assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.
 Assets to be disposed of are recorded at the lower of the
 carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.

In connection with the interim and annual goodwill impairment
 tests of the NGM reporting unit in the first and fourth quarters
 of 2008, the Company performed a recoverability test of the
 long-lived assets of its NGM reporting unit. For purposes of
 recognition and measurement of an impairment, the Company
 determined that the lowest level of identifiable cash flows is
 at the NGM reporting unit level. This asset grouping at the NGM
 reporting unit level was determined as the NGM long-lived assets
 do not have identifiable cash flows that are independent of the
 cash flows of other NGM assets and liabilities.

The Company concluded that the future undiscounted cash flows of
 the NGM asset group exceeded its carrying amount as of
 March 31, 2008 and no asset impairment charge was
 recognized at such time. The Company determined that the
 undiscounted cash flows of the NGM asset group were below the
 carrying amount as of October 1, 2008, and an impairment of
 long-lived assets charge of 18.2 million was recognized
 during the fourth quarter of 2008 in the consolidated statements
 of operations (see Notes 7 and 8).

Revenue
 Recognition 

The Company provides essential clearinghouse services to the
 communications industry and enterprises that address their
 addressing, interoperability, and infrastructure needs. The
 Company s revenue recognition policies are in accordance
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition . The
 Company provides the following services pursuant to various
 private commercial and government contracts.

Addressing 

The Company s addressing services include telephone number
 administration, implementing the allocation of pooled blocks of
 telephone numbers, directory services for Internet domain names
 and U.S. Common Short Codes, and internal and external
 managed domain name services. The Company generates revenue from
 its telephone number administration services under two
 government contracts. Under its contract to serve as the North
 American Numbering Plan Administrator, the Company earns a fixed
 annual fee and recognizes this fee as revenue on a straight-line
 basis as services are provided. Under the Company s
 contract to serve as the National Pooling Administrator, the
 Company earns a fixed fee associated with administration of the
 pooling system plus reimbursement for costs incurred. The
 Company recognizes revenue for this contract based on costs
 incurred plus a pro rata amount of the fixed fee. In the event
 the Company estimates losses on its fixed fee contracts, the
 Company recognizes these losses in the period in which a loss
 becomes apparent.

In addition to the administrative functions associated with its
 role as the National Pooling Administrator, the Company also
 generates revenue from implementing the allocation of pooled
 blocks of telephone numbers under its long-term contracts with
 North American Portability Management LLC, and the Company
 recognizes revenue on a per transaction fee basis as the
 services are performed. For its Internet domain name services,
 the Company generates revenue for Internet domain registrations,
 which generally have contract terms between one and ten years.
 The Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the
 lives of the related customer contracts.

The Company generates revenue through internal and external
 managed domain name services. The Company s revenue
 consists of customer
 set-up fees,
 monthly recurring fees and per transaction fees for transactions
 in excess of pre-established monthly minimums under contracts
 with terms ranging from one to three years. Customer
 set-up fees
 are not considered a separate deliverable and are deferred and
 recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
 contract. Under the Company s contracts to provide its
 managed domain name services, customers have contractually
 established monthly transaction volumes for which they are
 charged a

66

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

recurring monthly fee. Transactions processed in excess of the
 pre-established monthly volume are billed at a contractual per
 transaction rate. Each month the Company recognizes the
 recurring monthly fee and usage in excess of the established
 monthly volume on a per transaction basis as services are
 provided. The Company also generates revenue from one-time
 project fees, which are recognized over the contract terms. The
 Company generates revenue from its U.S. Common Short Code
 services under short-term contracts ranging from three to twelve
 months, and the Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line
 basis over the term of the customer contracts.

Interoperability 

The Company s interoperability services consist primarily
 of wireline and wireless number portability and order management
 services. The Company generates revenue from number portability
 under its long-term contracts with North American Portability
 Management LLC and Canadian LNP Consortium, Inc. The Company
 recognizes revenue on a per transaction fee basis as the
 services are performed. The Company provides order management
 services (OMS), consisting of customer
 set-up and
 implementation followed by transaction processing, under
 contracts with terms ranging from one to three years. Customer
 set-up and
 implementation is not considered a separate deliverable;
 accordingly, the fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on
 a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Per
 transaction fees are recognized as the transactions are
 processed. The Company generates revenue from its inter-carrier
 mobile instant messaging services under contracts with mobile
 operators that range from one to three years. These contracts
 consist of license fees based on the number of subscribers that
 use mobile instant messaging services, as well as fees for
 set-up and
 implementation. The Company recognizes license fee revenue
 ratably over the term of the contract after completion of
 customer
 set-up and
 implementation. Customer
 set-up and
 implementation is not considered a separate deliverable;
 accordingly, the fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on
 a straight line basis over the remaining term of the contract
 following delivery of the
 set-up and
 implementation services.

Infrastructure
 and Other 

The Company s infrastructure services consist primarily of
 network management and connection services. The Company
 generates revenue from network management services under its
 long-term contracts with North American Portability
 Management LLC. The Company recognizes revenue on a per
 transaction fee basis as the services are performed. In
 addition, the Company generates revenue from connection fees and
 system enhancements under its contracts with North American
 Portability Management LLC. The Company recognizes connection
 fee revenue as the service is performed. System enhancements are
 provided under contracts in which the Company is reimbursed for
 costs incurred plus a fixed fee, and revenue is recognized based
 on costs incurred plus a pro rata amount of the fee. The Company
 generates revenue from its intra-carrier mobile instant
 messaging services under contracts with mobile operators that
 range from one to three years. These contracts consist of
 license fees based on the number of subscribers that use mobile
 instant messaging services, as well as fees for
 set-up and
 implementation. The Company recognizes license fee revenue
 ratably over the term of the contract after completion of
 customer
 set-up and
 implementation. Customer
 set-up and
 implementation is not considered a separate deliverable;
 accordingly, the fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on
 a straight line basis over the remaining term of the contract
 following delivery of the
 set-up and
 implementation services.

Significant
 Contracts 

The Company provides wireline and wireless number portability,
 implements the allocation of pooled blocks of telephone numbers
 and provides network management services pursuant to seven
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC, an
 industry group that represents all telecommunications service
 providers in the United States. The Company recognizes revenue
 under its contracts with North American Portability Management
 LLC primarily on a per transaction basis. The aggregate fees for
 transactions processed under these contracts are determined by
 the total number of transactions, and these fees are billed to
 telecommunications service providers based on their allocable
 share of the total transaction charges. This allocable share is
 based on each respective

67

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

telecommunications service provider s share of the
 aggregate end-user services revenues of all
 U.S. telecommunications service providers, as determined by
 the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Under the
 Company s contracts, the Company also bills a RRC fee equal
 to a percentage of monthly billings to its customers, which is
 available to the Company if any telecommunications service
 provider fails to pay its allocable share of total transactions
 charges. The amount of revenue derived under the Company s
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC
 was approximately 249.3 million, 301.8 million and
 331.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2007 and 2008, respectively.

Prior to 2007, the per transaction pricing under these contracts
 provided for annual volume-based credits that were earned on all
 transactions in excess of the pre-determined annual volume
 threshold. For 2006, the maximum aggregate volume-based credit
 was 7.5 million, which was applied via a reduction in per
 transaction pricing once the pre-determined annual volume
 threshold was surpassed. When the aggregate credit was fully
 satisfied, the per transaction pricing was restored to the
 prevailing contractual rate. In 2006, the predetermined annual
 transaction volume threshold under these contracts was exceeded,
 which resulted in the issuance of 7.5 million of
 volume-based credits. In September 2006, the Company amended its
 contracts with North American Portability Management LLC. Under
 these amended terms, no volume-based credits were applied in
 2007 and none will be applied in later fiscal periods. For 2007,
 pricing was 0.91 per transaction regardless of transaction
 volume. Beginning January 1, 2008, per transaction pricing
 is derived on a straight-line basis using an effective rate
 calculation based on annualized transaction volume between
 200 million and 587.5 million. For annualized
 transaction volumes less than or equal to 200 million, the
 per transaction price is equal to a flat rate of 0.95 per
 transaction. For annualized volumes greater than or equal to
 587.5 million, the per transaction price is equal to a flat
 rate of 0.75 per transaction. For the year ended
 December 31, 2008, the weighted average per transaction
 price was 0.86.

Service
 Level Standards 

Pursuant to certain of the Company s private commercial
 contracts, the Company is subject to service level standards and
 to corresponding penalties for failure to meet those standards.
 The Company records a provision for these performance-related
 penalties when it becomes aware that required service levels
 have not been met, triggering the requirement to pay a penalty,
 which results in a corresponding reduction to revenue.

Cost of
 Revenue and Deferred Costs 

Cost of revenue includes all direct materials, direct labor, and
 those indirect costs related to generation of revenue such as
 indirect labor, materials and supplies and facilities cost. The
 Company s primary cost of revenue is related to personnel
 costs associated with service implementation, product
 maintenance, customer deployment and customer care, including
 salaries, stock-based compensation and other personnel-related
 expense. In addition, cost of revenue includes costs relating to
 maintaining the Company s existing technology and services,
 as well as royalties paid related to the Company s
 U.S. Common Short Code services. Cost of revenue also
 includes the costs incurred by the Company s information
 technology and systems department, including network costs, data
 center maintenance, database management, data processing costs,
 and facilities costs.

Deferred costs represent direct labor related to professional
 services incurred for the setup and implementation of contracts.
 These costs are recognized in cost of revenue on a straight-line
 basis over the contract term. Deferred costs also include
 royalties paid related to the Company s U.S. Common
 Short Code services, which are recognized in cost of revenue on
 a straight-line basis over the contract term. Deferred costs are
 classified as such on the consolidated balance sheets.

Research
 and Development 

The Company expenses its research and development costs as
 incurred. Research and development expense consists primarily of
 personnel costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation
 and other personnel-related

68

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

expense, consulting fees, and the costs of facilities, computer
 and support services used in service and technology development.

Advertising 

The Company expenses advertising as incurred. Advertising
 expense was approximately 1.1 million, 2.7 million
 and 3.4 million for the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively.

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation plans
 under the recognition and measurement provisions of
 SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment 
 (SFAS No. 123(R)). Stock-based compensation expense
 includes: (a) compensation cost for all stock-based awards
 granted prior to but not yet vested as of January 1, 2006,
 based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with
 the original provisions of SFAS No. 123, and
 (b) compensation cost for all stock-based awards granted
 subsequent to January 1, 2006, based on the grant-date fair
 value estimated in accordance with the provisions of
 SFAS No. 123(R). The Company estimated the value of
 stock-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
 option-pricing models. For stock-based awards subject to graded
 vesting, the Company has utilized the straight-line 
 method for allocating compensation cost by period.

In accordance with FASB Staff Position
 No. FAS 123(R)-3, Transition Election Related to
 Accounting for Tax Effects of Share-Based Payment Awards ,
 the Company elected to adopt the alternative method for
 calculating the tax effects of stock-based compensation pursuant
 to SFAS No. 123(R), as provided in this FASB Staff
 Position. The alternative transition method includes a
 simplified method to establish the beginning balance of the
 additional paid-in capital pool (APIC pool) related to the tax
 effects of employee stock-based compensation, which is available
 to absorb tax deficiencies recognized subsequent to the adoption
 of SFAS No. 123(R). The Company presents benefits of
 tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized
 (excess tax benefits) as a financing cash inflow with a
 corresponding operating cash outflow. For the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, the Company included
 49.5 million, 20.8 million and 8.2 million,
 respectively, of excess tax benefits as a financing cash inflow
 with a corresponding operating cash outflow.

Basic and
 Diluted Net Income per Common Share 

Net income per common share is computed in accordance with
 SFAS No. 128, Earnings Per Share . Basic net
 income per common share is computed by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding.
 Unvested restricted stock and performance vested restricted
 stock units PVRSU are excluded from the
 computation of basic net income per common share because the
 shares have not yet been earned by the shareholder. Stock
 options are also excluded since they are not considered
 outstanding shares. Diluted net income per common share assumes
 dilution and is computed based on the weighted-average number of
 common shares outstanding after consideration of the dilutive
 effect of stock options, unvested restricted stock and PVRSU.
 The effect of dilutive securities is computed using the treasury
 stock method and average market prices during the period.
 Dilutive securities with performance conditions are excluded
 from the computation until the performance conditions are met.

Income
 Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with
 SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes
 (SFAS No. 109). Under SFAS No. 109, the
 liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under
 this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
 based on temporary differences between the financial reporting
 bases and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax
 assets are also recognized for tax net operating loss
 carryforwards. These deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
 effect when such amounts are expected to be reversed or
 utilized. The realization of total

69

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

deferred tax assets is contingent upon the generation of future
 taxable income. Valuation allowances are provided to reduce such
 deferred tax assets to amounts more likely than not to be
 ultimately realized.

Income tax provision includes U.S. federal, state, local
 and foreign income taxes and is based on pre-tax income or loss.
 The interim period provision or benefit for income taxes is
 based upon the Company s estimate of its annual effective
 income tax rate. In determining the estimated annual effective
 income tax rate, the Company analyzes various factors, including
 projections of the Company s annual earnings and taxing
 jurisdictions in which the earnings will be generated, the
 impact of state and local income taxes and the ability of the
 Company to use tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
 interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (FIN 48),
 which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
 recognized in an enterprise s financial statements in
 accordance with SFAS No. 109. FIN 48 provides a
 two-step approach to recognize and measure tax benefits when the
 realization of the benefits is uncertain. The first step is to
 determine whether the benefit is to be recognized; the second
 step is to determine the amount to be recognized. Income tax
 benefits should be recognized when, based on the technical
 merits of a tax position, the entity believes that if a dispute
 arose with the taxing authority and were taken to a court of
 last resort, it is more likely than not i.e. , a
 probability of greater than 50 percent) that the tax
 position would be sustained as filed. If a position is
 determined to be more likely than not of being sustained, the
 reporting enterprise should recognize the largest amount of tax
 benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being
 realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. The
 Company s practice is to recognize interest and penalties
 related to income tax matters in income tax expense.

Foreign
 Currency 

Assets and liabilities of consolidated foreign subsidiaries,
 whose functional currency is the local currency, are translated
 to U.S. dollars at fiscal year end exchange rates. Revenue
 and expense items are translated to U.S. dollars at the
 average rates of exchange prevailing during the fiscal year. The
 adjustment resulting from translating the financial statements
 of such foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars is reflected
 as a foreign currency translation adjustment and reported as a
 component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the
 consolidated statement of stockholders equity.

Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional
 currency are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such
 transactions arise. Subsequent changes in exchange rates result
 in transaction gains or losses, which are reflected within
 interest and other expense in the consolidated statement of
 operations.

Comprehensive
 Income 

Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and other
 comprehensive loss, which includes certain changes in equity
 that are excluded from income. The Company includes unrealized
 holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, if
 any, and foreign currency translation adjustments in other
 comprehensive loss in the consolidated statement of
 stockholders equity. Comprehensive income was
 approximately 92.2 million and 3.6 million for the
 years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008, respectively. There
 were no material differences between net income and
 comprehensive net income for the year ended December 31,
 2006.

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or
 FASB, issued SFAS No. 141(R), Business
 Combinations , or SFAS No. 141(R), which replaces
 SFAS No. 141. SFAS No. 141(R) establishes
 principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and
 measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets
 acquired, the liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest
 in the acquiree and the goodwill acquired.
 SFAS No. 141(R) also establishes disclosure
 requirements which will enable users to evaluate the nature and
 financial effects of the business combination.
 SFAS No. 141(R) is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after

70

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

December 15, 2008. Early adoption of this standard is
 prohibited. The Company does not currently expect
 SFAS No. 141(R) to have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
 Statements , or SFAS No. 160, which establishes
 accounting and reporting standards for ownership interests in
 subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent, the amount
 of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the
 holder of the noncontrolling interest, changes in a
 parent s ownership interest and the valuation of retained
 non-controlling equity investments when a subsidiary is
 deconsolidated. The Statement also establishes reporting
 requirements that require sufficient disclosures that clearly
 identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent and
 the interests of the non-controlling owners.
 SFAS No. 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after December 15, 2008. Early adoption of this standard is
 prohibited. In the absence of any noncontrolling (minority)
 interests, the Company does not currently expect
 SFAS No. 160 to have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.

In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) FAS
 No. 157-2, 
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 , or FSP FAS
 No. 157-2, 
 which delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 for
 all nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except
 those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
 financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually).
 The effective date has been delayed by one year to fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2008 and interim periods
 within those fiscal years. The Company has adopted
 SFAS No. 157 except for those items specifically
 deferred under FSP FAS
 No. 157-2. 
 The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the full
 adoption of FAS No. 157 on its consolidated financial
 statements.

In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS
 No. 142-3, 
 Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets ,
 (FSP FAS
 No. 142-3), 
 which amends the factors that should be considered in developing
 renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful
 life of a recognized intangible asset under
 SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets . This pronouncement requires enhanced disclosures
 concerning a company s treatment of costs incurred to renew
 or extend the term of a recognized intangible asset. FSP FAS
 No. 142-3 
 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2008. The Company does not currently expect FSP FAS
 No. 142-3 
 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.

3. 

INVESTMENTS 

A summary of the Company s available-for-sale securities as
 of December 31, 2008 and 2007 is as follows:

December 31, 2008 

Amortized 

Gross Unrealized 

Estimated 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Cash reserve fund

10,824

10,824

December 31, 2007 

Amortized 

Gross Unrealized 

Estimated 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Cash reserve fund

49,851

(628

49,223

Auction rate securities

50,825

50,825

100,676

(628

100,048

In December 2007, the Company was advised that a cash reserve
 fund, classified as available-for-sale investment would be
 closed to new investments and immediate redemptions, and that
 there had been a one percent decline in the net asset value of
 the fund. During the year ended December 31, 2008,
 35.4 million was redeemed from this fund and the Company
 recognized losses from redemptions of 0.9 million.

71

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company has evaluated its investment in the cash reserve
 fund to determine whether any unrealized losses represent an
 other-than-temporary impairment. Based upon the Company s
 assessments, the Company recorded a 2.7 million charge to
 earnings during the year ended December 31, 2008 to
 recognize unrealized losses on its investment in the cash
 reserve fund as other-than-temporary impairment charges. The
 Company has reduced the amortized cost for this investment by
 the amount of the other-than-temporary impairment charges. The
 new amortized cost basis will not be increased for subsequent
 recoveries in fair value. Future increases or decreases in fair
 value, if determined not to be other-than-temporary, will be
 recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. If a
 further decline in fair value occurs that is considered to be
 other-than-temporary, the Company will record an additional loss
 in the period when the subsequent impairment becomes apparent.
 As of December 31, 2008, the Company has approximately
 10.8 million invested in this fund. During the year ended
 December 31, 2008, there were 2.3 million of losses
 included in earnings attributable to the unrealized losses
 related to these securities held at December 31, 2008. The
 fund currently has a projected schedule that will result in
 approximately 90 to 95 percent of the fund being redeemed
 in 2009.

As of December 31, 2008, the Company had long-term
 investments with an original par value of 41.7 million and
 an estimated fair value of 31.1 million that consist of
 auction rate securities (ARS) whose underlying assets are
 student loans, the majority of which are guaranteed by the
 federal government. These ARS are intended to provide liquidity
 via an auction process that resets the applicable interest rate
 approximately every 30 days and allows investors to either
 roll over their holdings or gain immediate liquidity by selling
 such investments at par. The underlying maturities of these
 investments range from 16 to 38 years. As a result of
 current negative conditions in the global credit markets,
 auctions for the 31.1 million investment in these
 securities have failed to settle and may continue to fail to
 settle on their respective settlement dates. Consequently, the
 investments are not currently liquid and the Company will not be
 able to access these funds until a future auction of these
 investments is successful, issuers redeem the securities or a
 buyer is found outside of the auction process. As a result, the
 Company has classified these investments as non-current in its
 December 31, 2008 consolidated balance sheets.

In November 2008, the Company accepted a settlement offer in the
 form of a rights offering from the investment firm that brokered
 the original purchases of the 41.7 million par value of
 ARS, which will provide the Company with a right to sell these
 securities at par value to the investment firm during a two year
 period beginning June 30, 2010. Because the settlement
 agreement is a legally enforceable firm commitment, the rights
 are recognized as a financial asset at fair value in the
 Company s consolidated balance sheet at December 31,
 2008, and accounted for separately from the associated
 securities as a long-term investment. The Company elected to
 measure the rights at their fair value pursuant to
 SFAS No. 159 and classify the associated ARS as
 trading pursuant to SFAS No. 115. SFAS No. 115
 requires changes in the fair value of trading securities to be
 recorded in current period earnings, which the Company believes
 will substantially offset changes in the fair value of the
 rights, subject to the continued expected performance by the
 investment firm of its obligations under the ARS rights
 offering. As a result, the Company reclassified the ARS from
 available-to-sale securities to trading securities in the fourth
 quarter of 2008 and because the Company does not intend to hold
 the associated ARS until recovery or maturity, the Company
 recorded 9.0 million in losses in the fourth quarter of
 2008 to record the decrease in the market value of the ARS. The
 ARS rights of 9.4 million and related ARS of
 31.1 million are classified as long-term investments in
 the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded
 10.6 million in charges to earnings during year ended
 December 31, 2008 to recognize losses on these ARS
 investments and a 9.4 million gain to earnings during the
 year ended December 31, 2008 related to the ARS rights.

4. 

FAIR
 VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The Company adopted SFAS No. 157, Fair Value
 Measurements (SFAS No. 157), on January 1,
 2008. SFAS No. 157 applies to all assets and
 liabilities that are being measured and reported on a fair value
 basis. As provided by FSP
 FAS 157-2, 
 the Company has only adopted the provisions of
 SFAS No. 157 with respect to its financial assets and
 liabilities. As defined in SFAS No. 157, fair value is
 the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
 transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
 participants at the measurement date.

72

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

SFAS No. 157 also establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to
 measure fair value. SFAS No. 157 requires that assets
 and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and
 disclosed in one of the following three categories:

Level 1. Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active
 markets;

Level 2. Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active
 markets, that are observable either directly or
 indirectly; and

Level 3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no
 market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its
 own assumptions.

The Company evaluates assets and liabilities subject to fair
 value measurements on a recurring basis to determine the
 appropriate level to classify them for each reporting period.
 This determination requires significant judgments to be made.
 The following table sets forth the Company s financial
 assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis as of December 31, 2008, by level within
 the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Cash reserve fund available-for-sale securities
 (short-term investments)

10,824

10,824

Auction rate securities trading securities
 (long-term investments)

31,090

31,090

Auction rate securities rights (long-term investments)

9,416

9,416

Marketable securities(1)

268

268

Deferred compensation liability(2)

284

284

(1) 

In June 2008, the Company established the NeuStar, Inc. Deferred
 Compensation Plan (the Plan) to provide directors and certain
 employees with the ability to defer a portion of their
 compensation. The assets of the Plan are invested in marketable
 securities that are held in a Rabbi Trust and reported at market
 value in other assets (see Note 19). 

(2) 

Obligations to pay benefits under the Plan are included in other
 long-term liabilities (see Note 19). 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning
 and ending balances for the major class of assets measured at
 fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 (in thousands):

Cash Reserve 

Auction Rate 

ARS 

Fund 

Securities 

Rights 

Balance on January 1, 2008

Transfers in and/or (out) of Level 3

49,851

50,825

Total (losses) gains realized / unrealized included in earnings

(3,623

(10,635

9,416

Total unrealized losses included in other comprehensive loss

Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net

(35,404

(9,100

Balance on December 31, 2008

10,824

31,090

9,416

The fair value of the Level 3 cash reserve fund asset is
 primarily determined using pricing models that utilize recent
 trades for securities in active markets, dealer quotes for those
 securities considered to be inactive, and assumptions
 surrounding contractual terms, maturity and liquidity.

The valuation technique used to measure fair value for the
 Level 3 auction rate securities asset is the average of the
 values obtained using the discounted cash flow and market
 comparables method. The discounted cash flow

73

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

valuation method involves management s judgment and
 assumptions regarding discount rates, coupon rates, and
 estimated maturity for each of the ARS. The market comparables
 valuation method involves management s judgment regarding
 the selection of comparable transactions in a secondary market.

As described in Note 3, the Company accepted a settlement
 offer in the form of a rights offering from its investment firm
 which will provide the Company with the right to sell the ARS at
 par to the investment firm during a two year period beginning
 June 30, 2010. Since the settlement is a legally
 enforceable firm commitment, the rights are recognized as a
 financial asset at its fair value of 9.4 million in the
 Company s consolidated balance sheet as of
 December 31, 2008, and are accounted for separately from
 the associated ARS. Changes in the fair value of the rights are
 recognized in current period earnings. The Company has elected
 to measure the rights at fair value pursuant to
 SFAS No. 159, and subsequent changes in fair value
 will also be recognized in earnings. The valuation technique
 used to measure fair value of the rights is the discounted cash
 flow method, which involves judgment and assumptions surrounding
 the timing of cash flows, fair value of the underlying ARS and
 the ability of the investment firm to settle its obligation in
 accordance with ARS rights offering.

For the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company recorded
 12.9 million of losses in interest and other expense and
 9.4 million of gains in interest and other income
 attributable to the unrealized losses and gains related to
 Level 3 assets held at December 31, 2008.

5. 

ACQUISITIONS 

NeuLevel,
 Inc. 

In March 2006, the Company acquired 10 of NeuLevel, Inc.
 (NeuLevel), from Melbourne IT Limited for cash consideration of
 4.3 million, raising the Company s ownership interest
 from 90 to 100 . The acquisition of the remaining 10 of
 NeuLevel was accounted for as a purchase business combination in
 accordance with SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations 
 (SFAS No. 141). The Company allocated the purchase price
 principally to customer relationships 4.1 million) based
 on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Customer
 relationships are included in intangible assets and are being
 amortized on an accelerated basis over five years. In accordance
 with SFAS No. 109, the Company recorded a deferred tax
 liability of approximately 1.6 million with a
 corresponding increase to goodwill. Goodwill is not deductible
 for tax purposes.

UltraDNS
 Corporation 

On April 21, 2006, the Company acquired
 UltraDNS Corporation for 61.8 million in cash and
 acquisition costs of 0.8 million. The acquisition further
 expanded the Company s domain name services and its
 Internet protocol technologies. The acquisition was accounted
 for as a purchase business combination in accordance with
 SFAS No. 141. Of the total cash consideration,
 approximately 6.1 million was distributed to an escrow
 account for indemnification claims as set forth in the
 acquisition agreement. Funds remaining in the account were
 distributed to the former stockholders of UltraDNS in accordance
 with the acquisition agreement following the first anniversary
 of the acquisition.

Of the total purchase price, 8.5 million has been
 allocated to net tangible assets acquired and 20.0 million
 has been allocated to definite-lived intangible assets acquired.
 The income approach, which includes an analysis of cash flows
 and the risks associated with achieving such cash flows, was the
 primary technique utilized in valuing the identifiable
 intangible assets. The 20.0 million of definite-lived
 intangible assets acquired consists of the value assigned to
 UltraDNS s direct customer relationships of
 14.7 million, web customer relationships of
 0.3 million, acquired technology of 4.8 million, and
 trade names of 0.2 million. The Company is amortizing the
 value of the UltraDNS direct and web customer relationships in
 proportion to the respective discounted cash flows over an
 estimated useful life of 7 and 5 years, respectively. Both
 acquired technology and trade names are being amortized on a
 straight-line basis over 3 years.

74

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

As a result of the UltraDNS acquisition, the Company recorded
 net deferred tax assets of 7.8 million in purchase
 accounting. This balance is comprised primarily of
 15.8 million of deferred tax assets related to federal and
 state net operating losses, capitalized research and
 development, and certain amortization and depreciation expenses.
 These deferred tax assets were offset by 8.0 million in
 deferred tax liabilities resulting from the related intangibles
 identified from the acquisition. Of the total purchase price,
 approximately 33.9 million has been allocated to goodwill.
 Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

Followap
 Inc. 

On November 27, 2006, the Company acquired Followap Inc.
 (Followap) for 139.0 million in cash and acquisition costs
 of 1.8 million along with the assumption and payment of
 certain Followap debt and other liabilities of
 5.6 million. Followap is a leading provider of
 next-generation communications solutions for network operators,
 delivering interoperability between operators and Internet
 portals in five different functional areas, which are instant
 messaging, presence, multimedia gateways, inter-carrier
 messaging hubs, and services for handset clients. The
 acquisition was accounted for as a purchase business combination
 in accordance with SFAS No. 141 and the results of
 operations of Followap have been included in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of operations since the date of
 acquisition.

Of the total cash consideration, approximately
 14.1 million was distributed to an escrow account, of
 which 13.8 million will be used for indemnification claims
 as set forth in the acquisition agreement. The other
 0.3 million will be used for the reimbursement of certain
 costs and expenses of the representative for the former
 stockholders of Followap. All funds remaining in the account
 will be distributed to former Followap stockholders in
 accordance with the agreement and plan of merger following the
 resolution of any claims made pursuant to the agreement prior to
 the first anniversary of the acquisition.

Under the purchase method of accounting, the total purchase
 price is allocated to Followap s net tangible liabilities
 assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
 fair values as of November 27, 2006, the effective date of
 the acquisition. The excess purchase price over the net tangible
 and identifiable intangible liabilities was recorded as
 goodwill. The purchase price was allocated as follows (in
 thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents

2,218

Accounts receivable

1,161

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

283

Property and equipment

1,094

Other assets

870

Accounts payable

(707

Accrued expenses

(3,223

Deferred revenue

(212

Other liabilities

(1,019

Deferred tax liabilities, net

(646

Net tangible liabilities assumed

(181

Definite-lived intangible assets acquired

30,600

Goodwill

115,945

Total purchase price

146,364

Of the total purchase price, 0.2 million has been
 allocated to net tangible liabilities assumed and
 30.6 million has been allocated to definite-lived
 intangible assets acquired. The income approach, which includes
 an analysis of cash flows and the risks associated with
 achieving such cash flows, was the primary technique utilized in
 valuing the identifiable intangible assets. The
 30.6 million of definite lived intangible assets acquired
 consists of the value

75

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

assigned to Followap s customer relationships of
 20.8 million and acquired technology of 9.8 million.
 The Company is amortizing the value of the Followap customer
 relationships using an accelerated basis over five years and the
 value of the acquired technology on a straight-line basis over
 3 years.

As a result of the Followap acquisition, the Company recorded
 net deferred tax liabilities of 0.6 million in purchase
 accounting. This balance is comprised of 11.2 million of
 deferred tax assets primarily related to federal and state net
 operating losses. These deferred tax assets were offset by
 11.8 million in deferred tax liabilities resulting from
 the related intangibles identified from the acquisition. Of the
 total purchase price, approximately 115.9 million has been
 allocated to goodwill and is reported in the Company s NGM
 reporting unit. During 2008, the Company recorded impairment
 charges to write down the carrying value of the NGM reporting
 unit s goodwill and long-lived assets (see Note 7).
 Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

Pro
 Forma Financial Information for acquisitions of UltraDNS and
 Followap 

The unaudited financial information in the table below
 summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company,
 UltraDNS and Followap on a pro forma basis, as though the
 companies had been combined as of the beginning of each of the
 periods presented. The pro forma financial information is
 presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of
 the results of operations that would have been achieved if the
 acquisition had taken place at the beginning of each of the
 periods presented. The pro forma financial information for all
 periods presented also includes amortization expense from
 acquired intangible assets, adjustments to interest income and
 related tax effects.

Year Ended 

December 31, 2006 

(In thousands, except 

per share data) 

(unaudited) 

Total revenue

344,236

Net income

57,201

Net income attributable to common stockholders per common share:

Basic

0.79

Diluted

0.73

I-View.com 

On January 8, 2007, the Company acquired certain assets of
 I-View.com, Inc. (d/b/a MetaInfo) for cash consideration of
 1.7 million. The acquisition of MetaInfo expanded the
 Company s enterprise Domain Name Services (DNS) services.
 The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase business
 combination in accordance with SFAS No. 141 and the
 results of operations of MetaInfo have been included within the
 Clearinghouse Segment in the Company s consolidated
 statements of operations since the date of acquisition. Of the
 total purchase price, an estimate of 0.1 million was
 allocated to net tangible liabilities assumed, 0.5 million
 to definite-lived intangible assets and 1.3 million to
 goodwill. Definite-lived intangible assets consist of customer
 intangibles and acquired technology. The Company is amortizing
 the value of the customer intangibles in proportion to the
 discounted cash flows over an estimated useful life of
 3 years. Acquired technology is being amortized on a
 straight-line basis over 3 years.

Webmetrics,
 Inc. 

On January 10, 2008, the Company acquired Webmetrics, Inc.
 (Webmetrics) for cash consideration of 12.5 million,
 subject to certain purchase price adjustments and contingent
 cash consideration of up to 6.0 million, and acquisition
 costs of approximately 685,000. The acquisition of Webmetrics,
 a provider of web and network performance testing, monitoring
 and measurement services, expanded the Company s Internet
 and infrastructure

76

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

services. The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase
 business combination in accordance with SFAS No. 141
 and the results of operations of Webmetrics have been included
 within the Clearinghouse Segment in the Company s
 consolidated statement of operations since the date of
 acquisition. Of the total purchase price, an estimate of
 0.4 million has been allocated to net tangible assets
 acquired, 6.4 million to definite-lived intangible assets
 and 7.2 million to goodwill. Definite-lived intangible
 assets consist of customer relationships and acquired
 technology. The Company is amortizing the value of the customer
 relationships in proportion to the discounted cash flows over an
 estimated useful life of 3 years. Acquired technology is
 being amortized on a straight-line basis over 5 years.

The Company has currently not identified any material
 pre-acquisition contingencies where a liability is probable and
 the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. If
 information becomes available prior to the end of the purchase
 price allocation period that indicates that such a liability is
 probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, such items
 will be included in the purchase price allocation. In 2008, the
 Company recorded a 1.2 million purchase price adjustment
 to goodwill as a result of payment of earn-out consideration in
 accordance with the purchase agreement.

6. 

DEFERRED
 FINANCING COSTS 

During 2006 and 2008, the Company did not pay any loan
 origination fees. In 2007, the Company paid 862,000 of loan
 origination fees related to its new credit facility. Total
 amortization expense was approximately 7,000, 158,000 and
 182,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and
 2008, respectively, and is reported as interest expense in the
 consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31,
 2007 and 2008, the balance of unamortized deferred financing
 fees was 704,000 and 522,000, respectively.

7. 

GOODWILL
 AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Goodwill 

The Company tests its goodwill for impairment on an annual basis
 on October 1st of each year. Testing is required
 between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change
 that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of the
 reporting unit below its carrying value. For purposes of the
 Company s impairment test in 2007 and 2008, the Company has
 identified and assigned goodwill to two reporting units,
 Clearinghouse and NGM. The Company operated in a single
 reportable segment, Clearinghouse, for the year ended
 December 31, 2006. The changes in the carrying amount of
 goodwill by reportable segment during the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 are as follows (in
 thousands):

Clearinghouse 

NGM 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2006

86,190

119,665

205,855

Goodwill acquired

1,328

1,328

Purchase price adjustments

630

(3,720

(3,090

Impairment charges

Balance at December 31, 2007

88,148

115,945

204,093

Goodwill acquired

6,379

6,379

Purchase price adjustments

1,197

1,197

Impairment charges

(93,602

(93,602

Balance at December 31, 2008

95,724

22,343

118,067

In January 2007 and 2008, the Company recorded 1.3 million
 and 6.4 million of goodwill related to its acquisitions of
 MetaInfo and Webmetrics, respectively. During 2007, the Company
 recorded purchase price adjustments related to its 2006
 acquisitions of UltraDNS, NeuLevel and Followap. The adjustments
 for UltraDNS

77

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and NeuLevel increased goodwill by 0.6 million. The
 adjustments for Followap reduced the amounts recorded to
 goodwill by 3.7 million. In connection with its 2008
 acquisition of Webmetrics, the Company recorded an increase of
 goodwill of as a result of payment of 1.2 million earn-out
 consideration in accordance with the purchase agreement.

In 2008, changes to the Company s key assumptions in
 determining the fair value of its NGM reporting unit resulted in
 two goodwill impairment charges for a total of
 93.6 million. Late in the first quarter of 2008, NGM
 experienced certain changes in market conditions and
 customer-related events that caused NGM to revise its business
 forecast, triggering the Company to perform an interim goodwill
 impairment test. First, the Company compared the estimated fair
 value of the NGM reporting unit s net assets, including
 assigned goodwill, to the book value of these net assets. The
 estimated fair value for the reporting unit was calculated using
 a combination of discounted cash flow projections, market values
 for comparable businesses, and terms, prices and conditions
 found in sales of comparable businesses. The Company determined
 that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its net
 book value. As such, the Company then performed a theoretical
 purchase price allocation to compare the carrying value of
 NGM s assigned goodwill to its implied fair value and
 recorded an impairment charge of 29.0 million in the first
 quarter of 2008.

In the fourth quarter of 2008, in response to lower than
 anticipated adoption rates and the resulting underperformance of
 the NGM business, as well as the manner in which the mobile data
 market had evolved and was evolving, the Company added new
 leadership and conducted a strategic evaluation of the NGM
 business. The goal of this strategic evaluation was to position
 NGM for future long-term success in the mobile instant messaging
 market. Associated with the Company s strategic
 re-assessment and due to the underperformance in the NGM
 business, certain key assumptions and estimates regarding the
 NGM business had fundamentally changed, resulting in a new
 business forecast for its NGM business which was used in
 connection with the annual goodwill impairment test. First, the
 Company compared the fair value of the NGM s reporting
 unit s net assets, including assigned goodwill, to the book
 value of these net assets. The estimated fair value for the
 reporting unit was calculated using a combination of discounted
 cash flow projections, market values for comparable businesses,
 and terms, prices and conditions found in sales of comparable
 businesses. The Company determined that the estimated fair value
 of the reporting unit was less than its net book value as of the
 annual impairment test date. As such, the Company then performed
 a theoretical purchase price allocation to compare the carrying
 value of NGM s assigned goodwill to its implied fair value
 and recorded an impairment charge of 64.6 million in the
 fourth quarter of 2008.

These goodwill impairment charges have been recorded in
 Impairment of Goodwill in the consolidated statements of
 operations.

Intangible
 Assets 

The Company s long-lived assets, excluding goodwill,
 include: intangible assets, equipment, leasehold improvements
 and furniture and fixtures. The Company tests long-lived assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that the asset s carrying amount is not
 recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows.

During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company made the
 determination that its strategic decision to reposition the NGM
 business and the resulting change in its projected results
 served as an indicator of impairment for long-lived assets in
 the NGM business reporting unit. In accordance with
 SFAS No. 144, the Company performed an impairment
 analysis of its NGM reporting unit s long-lived assets and
 concluded that the carrying amount of the NGM asset group
 exceeded the estimated future undiscounted cash flows of the NGM
 asset group. The Company performed a recoverability test,
 determined that the fair value of these long-lived assets was
 less than the carrying value, and recorded a total impairment
 charge of 18.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2008,
 consisting of a charge of 12.9 million to write down the
 carrying value of the NGM reporting unit s intangible
 assets and a charge of 5.3 million to write down the
 carrying value of the NGM reporting unit s property and
 equipment (see Note 8). The NGM intangible assets
 impairment charge of 12.9 million includes a
 10.9 million impairment charge related to

78

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

customer lists and relationships and a 2.0 million
 impairment charge related to acquired technology. The valuation
 techniques utilized by the Company in its fair value estimates
 primarily included the discounted cash flow method and the
 relief from royalty method.

There were no asset impairment charges recognized in the years
 ended December 31, 2006 and 2007.

Intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands):

Weighted- 

Average 

Amortization 

December 31, 

Period 

2007 

2008 

(in years) 

Intangible assets:

Customer lists and relationships

43,740

36,659

5.6

Accumulated amortization

(15,463

(24,196

Customer lists and relationships, net

28,277

12,463

Acquired technology

17,068

17,744

3.3

Accumulated amortization

(8,581

(13,633

Acquired technology, net

8,487

4,111

Trade name

200

200

3.0

Accumulated amortization

(113

(180

Trade name, net

87

20

Intangible assets, net

36,851

16,594

Amortization expense related to intangible assets for the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 of approximately
 6.2 million, 14.9 million and 13.9 million,
 respectively, is included in depreciation and amortization
 expense. Amortization expense related to intangible assets for
 the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and
 2013 is expected to be approximately 7.8 million,
 4.7 million, 2.4 million, 1.5 million and
 0.2 million, respectively.

8. 

PROPERTY
 AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Computer hardware

51,188

68,955

Equipment

1,891

2,142

Furniture and fixtures

2,377

2,729

Leasehold improvements

15,850

20,321

Construction in-progress

7,748

7,690

Capitalized software

39,463

46,954

118,517

148,791

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(62,326

(84,631

Property and equipment, net

56,191

64,160

79

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company entered into capital lease obligations of
 5.6 million and 14.2 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, respectively, primarily for
 computer hardware.

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and
 equipment for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and
 2008 was 17.8 million, 22.8 million and
 26.7 million, respectively.

In the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company recorded a
 5.3 million impairment charge to write down the carrying
 value of property and equipment of its NGM reporting unit (see
 Note 7).

9. 

ACCRUED
 EXPENSES 

Accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Accrued compensation

27,967

28,555

RRC reserve

3,624

3,295

Other

15,910

20,352

47,501

52,202

10. 

NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes payable consist of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Promissory note payable to vendor; principal and interest
 payable quarterly at 6.31 per annum with a maturity date of
 April 1, 2008; secured by the equipment financed

35

Promissory note payable to vendor; principal and interest
 payable quarterly at 5.58 per annum with a maturity date of
 April 1, 2010; secured by the equipment financed

804

459

Promissory note payable to vendor; non-interest bearing,
 principal payable quarterly with a maturity date of
 April 1, 2010; secured by the equipment financed

6,868

3,905

7,707

4,364

Less: current portion

(2,501

(2,587

Notes payable, long-term

5,206

1,777

As of December 31, 2008, remaining principal payments under
 promissory notes payable are as follows (in thousands):

2009

2,587

2010

1,777

Total

4,364

Revolving
 Credit Facility 

On February 6, 2007, the Company entered into a credit
 agreement that provides for a revolving credit facility in an
 aggregate principal amount of up to 100 million (Credit
 Facility). Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest,
 at the Company s option, at either a Eurodollar rate plus a
 spread ranging from 0.625 to 1.25 , or at a

80

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

base rate plus a spread ranging from 0.0 to 0.25 , with such
 spread in each case depending on the ratio of the Company s
 consolidated senior funded indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA.
 The Credit Facility expires on February 6, 2012. Borrowings
 under the Credit Facility may be used for working capital,
 capital expenditures, general corporate purposes and to finance
 acquisitions. There were no borrowings outstanding under the
 Credit Facility as of December 31, 2007 and 2008, but
 available borrowings were reduced by outstanding letters of
 credit of 10.1 million and 8.8 million, respectively.

The Credit Facility contains customary representations and
 warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of
 default. The 2007 Credit Facility requires the Company to
 maintain a minimum consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest
 charge ratio and a maximum consolidated senior funded
 indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio. If an event of
 default occurs and is continuing, the Company may be required to
 repay all amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. Lenders
 holding more than 50 of the loans and commitments under the
 Credit Facility may elect to accelerate the maturity of amounts
 due thereunder upon the occurrence and during the continuation
 of an event of default. As of and for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, the Company was in compliance
 with these covenants.

11. 

COMMITMENTS
 and CONTINGENCIES 

Capital
 Leases 

The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments due
 under capital lease obligations (in thousands):

2009

8,576

2010

7,600

2011

3,213

2012

30

Total minimum lease payments

19,419

Less: amounts representing interest

(1,727

Present value of minimum lease payments

17,692

Less: current portion

(7,536

Capital lease obligation, long-term

10,156

The following assets were capitalized under capital leases at
 the end of each period presented (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Equipment and hardware

24,107

35,856

Furniture and fixtures

334

334

Subtotal

24,441

36,190

Less: accumulated amortization

(15,337

(20,717

Net capitalized leases

9,104

15,473

81

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Operating
 Leases 

The Company leases office space under noncancelable operating
 lease agreements. The leases terminate at various dates through
 2017 and generally provide for scheduled rent increases. Future
 minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases as
 of December 31, 2008, are as follows (in thousands):

2009

9,284

2010

7,053

2011

3,899

2012

2,974

2013

1,777

Thereafter

1,431

26,418

Rent expense was 4.6 million, 6.7 million and
 7.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2007 and 2008, respectively.

Contingencies 

Currently, and from time to time, the Company is involved in
 litigation incidental to the conduct of its business. The
 Company is not a party to any lawsuit or proceeding that, in the
 opinion of management, is reasonably possible to have a material
 adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations
 or cash flows.

12. 

RESTRUCTURING
 CHARGES 

At December 31, 2007 and 2008, the accrued liability
 associated with restructuring and other related charges was
 2.2 million and 3.5 million, respectively. The
 accrued restructuring liability relating to the Company s
 Clearinghouse lease and facilities exit costs, was
 2.2 million and 1.8 million at December 31,
 2007 and 2008, respectively. The Company paid approximately
 534,000, 368,000 and 441,000, in the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, related to the
 Clearinghouse restructuring. Amounts related to the lease
 termination due to the closure of excess facilities will be paid
 over the respective lease terms, the longest of which extends
 through 2011.

During the fourth quarter of 2008, management committed to and
 implemented a restructuring plan for the NGM business to more
 appropriately allocate resources to the Company s key
 mobile instant messaging initiatives. The restructuring plan
 involved the reduction in and closure in the fourth quarter of
 2008 of specific leased facilities in some of the Company s
 international locations. The restructuring plan will also result
 in the elimination of employee positions through the end of the
 second quarter of 2009. The Company has recorded severance and
 related costs of 1.2 million, and lease and facilities
 exit costs of 0.5 million, in the fourth quarter of 2008.
 The Company has not made any cash payments or recorded
 adjustments to the NGM restructuring estimates during 2008.
 Amounts related to the lease and facilities exit costs will be
 paid over the respective lease terms, the longest of which
 extends through 2012.

82

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. 

OTHER
 (EXPENSE) INCOME 

Other (expense) income consists of the following (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Interest and other expense

1,260

1,147

1,979

Impairments and realized losses cash reserve fund

3,623

Impairments and realized losses action rate securities

10,635

Total interest and other expense

1,260

1,147

16,237

Interest income

3,984

4,612

3,696

Gain on auction rate securities rights

9,416

Total interest and other income

3,984

4,612

13,112

14. 

INCOME
 TAXES 

The provision for income taxes consists of the following
 components (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Current:

Federal

50,054

47,478

53,555

State

9,129

10,837

10,319

Total current

59,183

58,315

63,874

Deferred:

Federal

(6,585

2,572

(1,355

State

(1,245

(111

(832

Total deferred

(7,830

2,461

(2,187

Total provision for income taxes

51,353

60,776

61,687

A reconciliation of the statutory United States income tax rate
 to the effective income tax rate follows:

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Tax at statutory rate

35.0

35.0

35.0

State taxes

4.0

4.6

9.3

Impairment of goodwill

0.0

0.0

49.7

Other

2.0

(0.1

(2.2

Change in valuation allowance

0.0

0.2

1.7

Effective tax rate

41.0

39.7

93.5

The Company s annual effective tax rate increased to 93.5 
 for the year ended December 31, 2008 from 39.7 for the
 year ended December 31, 2007 due primarily to the impact of
 the 93.6 million non-cash impairment charge related to the
 impairment of goodwill, which is not deductible for tax
 purposes. The annual effective tax rate for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 also includes the impact of approximately
 1.3 million related to gains from the reduction of
 reserves associated with uncertain tax positions.

83

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company realized certain tax benefits related to
 nonqualified and incentive stock option exercises in the amounts
 of 49.5 million, 20.8 million and 8.2 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008.

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
 differences between the carrying amount of assets and
 liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
 used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the
 Company s net deferred income taxes are as follows (in
 thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Deferred tax assets:

Domestic NOL carryforwards

17,379

10,525

Foreign NOL carryforwards

760

633

Restructuring accrual

908

952

Deferred revenue

7,436

6,998

Accrued compensation

1,350

1,058

Stock-based compensation expense

6,320

9,532

Other reserves

16

92

Unrealized losses on investments

5,212

Realized losses on investments

353

Other

2,591

2,374

Total deferred tax assets

36,760

37,729

Valuation allowance

(1,787

(2,864

Total deferred tax assets, net

34,973

34,865

Deferred tax liabilities:

Unbilled receivables

(151

(324

Depreciation and amortization

(4,968

(7,341

Identifiable intangibles

(14,148

(3,894

Deferred expenses

(3,815

(4,174

Unrealized gains on investments

(3,675

Other

(199

(134

Total deferred tax liabilities

(23,281

(19,542

Net deferred tax assets

11,692

15,323

As of December 31, 2008, the Company had U.S. net
 operating loss carryforwards for federal tax purposes of
 approximately 24.9 million which expire, if unused, in
 various years from 2022 to 2027. As of December 31, 2008,
 the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of
 approximately 3.5 million, 3.4 million of which can
 be carried forward indefinitely under current local tax laws and
 0.1 million which expire, if unused, in years beginning
 2016.

As of December 31, 2008, the approximate amount of earnings
 from foreign subsidiaries that the Company considers permanently
 reinvested and for which deferred taxes have not been provided
 was approximately 7.5 million. United States income taxes
 have not been provided on earnings that are planned to be
 reinvested indefinitely outside the United States and
 determination of the amount of such taxes is not practicable.

84

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company adopted the provisions of FIN 48 on
 January 1, 2007. As a result of the adoption of
 FIN 48, the Company recognized no material adjustment to
 the liability for unrecognized income tax benefits. At the
 adoption date of January 1, 2007, the Company had
 2.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits on a gross basis
 or 0.8 million on a tax effected basis. At
 December 31, 2008, the Company had unrecognized tax
 benefits of 1.1 million on a tax effected basis, of which
 0.6 million would affect the Company s effective tax
 rate if recognized. The net increase in the liability for
 unrecognized income tax benefits since the date of adoption
 resulted from the following (in thousands):

Balance at January 1, 2007

825

Increase related to tax positions of prior years

1,215

Other

(70

Balance at December 31, 2007

1,970

Increase related to current year tax positions

75

Increase related to prior year tax positions

329

Reductions for prior year tax positions

(1,320

Balance at December 31, 2008

1,054

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to
 uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. During the years
 ended December 31, 2007 and 2008, the Company recognized
 interest of 220,000 and 78,000, respectively. As of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, there was approximately
 220,000 and 80,000, respectively, of accrued interest related
 to uncertain tax positions. To the extent interest is not
 assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts
 accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the
 overall income tax provision. During the year ended
 December 31, 2008 accrued interest decreased by 218,000
 due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitations.

The Company files income tax returns in the United States
 Federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign
 jurisdictions. The tax years 2005 through 2007 remain open to
 examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the
 Company is subject. The Internal Revenue Service
 IRS has initiated an examination of the
 Company s federal income tax returns for the years 2005 and
 2006. It is anticipated that the examination will be completed
 within the next twelve months. While the ultimate outcome of the
 audit is uncertain, management does not currently believe that
 the outcome will have a material adverse effect on the
 Company s financial position, results of operations or cash
 flows.

The Company anticipates that total unrecognized tax benefits
 will decrease by approximately 0.3 million over the next
 12 months due to the expiration of certain statutes of
 limitations.

15. 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Preferred
 Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares
 of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share, in one or
 more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares
 to be included in each series, and to fix the rights,
 preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and
 restrictions of the shares of each wholly unissued series. As of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, there are no preferred stock
 shares issued or outstanding.

Common
 Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 shares
 of Class A common stock, 0.001 par value
 per share and 100,000,000 shares of Class B
 common stock, 0.001 par value per share. Each holder of
 Class A and Class B common stock is entitled to one
 vote for each share of common stock held on all matters
 submitted to a vote of stockholders. Subject to preferences that
 may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time,
 the

85

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

holders of Class A and Class B common stock are
 entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available at
 the time and in the amounts as the Company s board of
 directors may from time to time determine.

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

The Company has two stock incentive plans, the NeuStar, Inc.
 1999 Equity Incentive Plan (the 1999 Plan) and the NeuStar, Inc.
 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2005 Plan). Under the 1999 Plan,
 the Company had the ability to grant to its directors, employees
 and consultants stock or stock-based awards in the form of
 incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock
 appreciation rights, performance share units, shares of
 restricted common stock, phantom stock units and other
 stock-based awards. In May 2005, the Company s board of
 directors adopted the 2005 Plan, which was approved by the
 Company s stockholders in June 2005. In connection with the
 adoption of the 2005 Plan, the Company s board of directors
 amended the 1999 Plan to provide that no further awards would be
 granted under the 1999 Plan as of the date stockholder approval
 for the 2005 Plan was obtained. All shares available for grant
 as of that date, plus any other shares under the 1999 Plan that
 again become available due to forfeiture, expiration, settlement
 in cash or other termination of awards without issuance, will be
 available for grant under the 2005 Plan. Under the 2005 Plan,
 the Company may grant to its directors, employees and
 consultants awards in the form of incentive stock options,
 nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of
 restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and
 other stock-based awards. The aggregate number of shares of
 Class A common stock with respect to which all awards may
 be granted under the 2005 Plan is 6,044,715, plus any shares
 available for issuance under the 1999 Plan. As of
 December 31, 2008, 3,435,074 shares were available for
 grant or award under the 2005 Plan.

The term of any stock option granted under the 1999 Plan or the
 2005 Plan may not exceed ten years. The exercise price per share
 for options granted under these Plans may not be less than 100 
 of the fair market value of the common stock on the option grant
 date. The board of directors or Compensation Committee of the
 board of directors determines the vesting of the options, with a
 maximum vesting period of ten years. Options issued generally
 vest with respect to 25 of the shares on the first anniversary
 of the grant date and 2.083 of the shares on the last day of
 each succeeding calendar month thereafter. The options expire
 seven to ten years from the date of issuance and are forfeitable
 upon termination of an option holder s service.

The board of directors or Compensation Committee of the board of
 directors has granted and may in the future grant restricted
 stock to directors, employees and consultants. The board of
 directors or Compensation Committee of the board of directors
 determines the vesting of the restricted stock, with a maximum
 vesting period of ten years. Restricted stock issued generally
 vests in equal annual installments over a four-year term.

Stock-based compensation expense recognized under
 SFAS No. 123(R) for the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2007 and 2008 was 11.9 million, 15.3 million
 and 13.4 million, respectively. As of December 31,
 2008, total unrecognized compensation expense related to
 non-vested stock options, non-vested restricted stock and
 non-vested performance vested restricted stock units granted
 prior to that date is estimated at 23.7 million, which the
 Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of
 approximately 1.9 years. Total unrecognized compensation
 expense as of December 31, 2008 is estimated based on
 outstanding non-vested stock options, non-vested restricted
 stock and non-vested performance vested restricted stock units,
 and may be increased or decreased in future periods for
 subsequent grants or forfeitures.

86

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option pricing model for
 estimating the fair value of stock options granted. The
 weighted-average fair value of options at the date of grant for
 options granted during the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2007 and 2008 was 12.24, 11.60 and 8.24, respectively. The
 following are the weighted-average assumptions used in valuing
 the stock options granted during the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, and a discussion of the
 Company s assumptions.

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Dividend yield

0.00

0.00

0.00

Expected volatility

38.56

33.27

36.46

Risk-free interest rate

4.68

4.39

2.57

Expected life of options (in years)

4.56

4.59

4.37

Dividend yield The Company has never declared or
 paid dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate
 paying dividends in the foreseeable future.

Expected volatility Volatility is a measure of the
 amount by which a financial variable such as a share price has
 fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate
 (expected volatility) during a period. Given the Company s
 limited historical stock data since its initial public offering
 in June 2005, the Company considered the implied volatility and
 historical volatility of its stock price in determining its
 expected volatility.

Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate
 is based on U.S. Treasury bonds issued with similar life
 terms to the expected life of the grant.

Expected life of the options The expected term is
 the period of time that the options granted are expected to
 remain outstanding. For grants subsequent to January 1,
 2008, the Company has estimated the expected life using the
 midpoint method which assumes that all vested, outstanding
 options are settled halfway between the date of analysis and the
 expiration date. The expected term of new option grants is
 derived from the weighted average of the time-to-settlement from
 grant on historically settled options and the midpoint of the
 remaining contractual life of the unexercised options. The
 expected term for grants prior to January 1, 2008 was
 derived from the average midpoint between the weighted average
 vesting period and the contractual term as described in the
 SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110.

87

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock
 Options 

The following table summarizes the Company s stock option
 activity:

Weighted- 

Average 

Exercise 

Shares 

Price 

Outstanding at December 31, 2005

12,621,553

4.81

Options granted

1,547,200

31.10

Options exercised

(5,919,098

3.33

Options forfeited

(332,927

10.26

Outstanding at December 31, 2006

7,916,728

10.83

Options granted

932,030

32.78

Options exercised

(2,492,811

5.75

Options forfeited

(687,446

21.14

Outstanding at December 31, 2007

5,668,501

15.42

Options granted

1,400,840

25.21

Options exercised

(1,612,596

3.80

Options forfeited

(796,180

28.49

Outstanding at December 31, 2008

4,660,565

20.15

Exercisable at December 31, 2008

2,782,015

15.27

Exercisable at December 31, 2007

3,501,651

8.54

Exercisable at December 31, 2006

4,382,608

3.86

The following table summarizes information regarding options
 outstanding at December 31, 2008:

Weighted- 

Options Outstanding 

Average 

Options Exercisable 

Number 

Weighted- 

Remaining 

Number 

Weighted- 

of 

Average 

Contractual 

of 

Average 

Options 

Exercise 

Life 

Options 

Exercise 

Range of Exercise Price 

Outstanding 

Price 

(in years) 

Exercisable 

Price 

0.00 - 3.48

554,560

0.57

1.87

554,560

0.57

3.49 - 6.96

990,217

6.06

4.93

990,217

6.06

6.97 - 10.45

4,732

8.39

5.88

4,732

8.39

10.46 - 13.93

76,756

10.86

5.49

75,415

10.86

13.94 - 20.90

97,775

18.53

6.93

20.91 - 24.38

315,140

21.81

7.91

103,648

22.00

24.39 - 27.87

980,275

26.46

5.91

56,668

27.57

27.88 - 31.35

726,042

30.23

4.07

509,068

30.23

31.36 - 34.84

915,068

32.96

4.98

487,707

32.94

4,660,565

20.15

4.90

2,782,015

15.27

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised for the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 was
 161.4 million, 62.5 million and 32.3 million,
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for all options
 outstanding under the Company s stock plans as of
 December 31, 2008 was 24.0 million. The aggregate
 intrinsic value for options exercisable under the Company s
 stock plans as of December 31, 2008 was

88

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

23.9 million. The weighted-average remaining contractual
 life for all options outstanding under the Company s stock
 plans as of December 31, 2008 was 4.90 years. The
 weighted-average remaining contractual life for options
 exercisable under the Company s stock plans as of
 December 31, 2008 was 4.20 years.

Restricted
 Stock 

The following table summarizes the Company s non-vested
 restricted stock activity:

Weighted- 

Average 

Grant Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

Outstanding at December 31, 2005

5,000

31.95

Restricted stock granted

102,490

31.37

Restricted stock vested

(2,367

31.43

Restricted stock forfeited

(1,900

30.57

Outstanding at December 31, 2006

103,223

31.41

Restricted stock granted

18,800

31.78

Restricted stock vested

(27,538

31.48

Restricted stock forfeited

(18,825

31.13

Outstanding at December 31, 2007

75,660

31.55

Restricted stock granted

286,920

24.57

Restricted stock vested

(45,827

28.16

Restricted stock forfeited

(56,455

27.07

Outstanding at December 31, 2008

260,298

25.50

The total aggregate intrinsic value of restricted stock vested
 during the year ended December 31, 2008 was approximately
 1.0 million. The aggregate intrinsic value for all
 restricted stock outstanding under the Company s stock
 plans as of December 31, 2008 was 5.0 million. During
 the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company repurchased
 13,375 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase
 price of 0.3 million pursuant to the participants 
 rights under the Company s stock incentive plans to elect
 to use common stock to satisfy their tax withholding obligations.

Performance
 Vested Restricted Stock Units 

During 2007 and 2008, the Company granted 322,290 and 291,083,
 respectively, performance vested restricted stock units (PVRSUs)
 to certain employees with an aggregate fair value of
 10.5 million and 7.6 million, respectively. The
 vesting of these stock awards is contingent upon the Company
 achieving specified financial targets at the end of the
 specified performance period and an employee s continued
 employment. The level of achievement of the performance
 conditions affects the number of shares that will ultimately be
 issued. The range of possible stock-based award vesting is
 between 0 and 150 of the initial target. Under
 SFAS No. 123(R), compensation expense related to these
 awards is being recognized over the requisite service period
 based on the Company s estimate of the achievement of the
 performance target. The Company has previously estimated that
 125 of the target would be achieved. In the fourth quarter of
 2008, the Company revised its estimate for achievement of the
 performance targets from 125 of target to 50 of target. The
 change in the Company s estimate resulted in a reversal of
 approximately 3.0 million of previously recognized
 compensation expense in the fourth quarter of 2008. The
 Company s consolidated net income for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 was 4.3 million and diluted
 earnings per share was 0.06 per share. As a result of this
 change in estimate, the as adjusted net income would have been
 approximately 1.6 million and the as adjusted diluted
 earnings per share would have been approximately 0.02 per share
 had the Company continued to use the previous estimate of

89

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

125 of the performance target. The fair value of the PVRSU is
 measured by reference to the closing market price of the
 Company s common stock on the date of the grant.
 Compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite
 service period based on the PVRSUs expected to vest.

The following table summarizes the Company s non-vested
 PVRSU activity:

Weighted-Average 

Grant Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

Non-vested December 31, 2006

Granted

322,290

32.59

Vested

Forfeited

(19,210

32.59

Non-vested December 31, 2007

303,080

32.59

Granted

291,083

26.21

Vested

Forfeited

(181,020

30.60

Non-vested December 31, 2008

413,143

28.98

The aggregate intrinsic value for all non-vested PVRSUs
 outstanding under the Company s stock plans at
 December 31, 2008 was 7.9 million.

Restricted
 Stock Units 

In July 2006, the Compensation Committee of the board of
 directors issued 27,170 restricted stock units to the
 Company s non-management directors. The aggregate intrinsic
 value of the restricted stock units granted totaled 880,000.
 For those directors who were elected at the 2006 Annual Meeting
 of Stockholders, as well as incumbent directors whose terms did
 not expire in 2006, these restricted stock units were granted on
 July 1, 2006. For those directors appointed by the
 Company s board of directors on July 26, 2006, the
 date of grant was July 27, 2006. In August and November
 2007, the Company s non-management directors were issued
 30,828 and 3,342 restricted stock units, respectively, with an
 aggregate intrinsic value on the grant date of approximately
 900,000 and 114,000, respectively. In June 2008 and July 2008,
 the Company s non-management directors were issued 1,089
 and 54,688 restricted stock units, respectively, with an
 aggregate intrinsic value on the grant date of approximately
 25,000 and 1.2 million, respectively.

These restricted stock units will fully vest on the first
 anniversary of the date of grant. Upon vesting, each
 director s restricted stock units will be automatically
 converted into deferred stock units, which will be delivered to
 the director in shares of the Company s stock six months
 following the director s termination of Board service.
 Following the resignation of two of the Company s directors
 on July 26, 2006 and April 10, 2007, respectively, a
 total of 6,518 restricted stock units were forfeited.

The aggregate intrinsic value for these restricted stock units
 as of December 31, 2008 was approximately 2.1 million.

Phantom
 Stock Units 

In July 2004, the board of directors granted 350,000 phantom
 stock units to one of the Company s executive officers.
 Effective March 1, 2007, the officer was no longer employed
 with the Company. On that date, 224,383 phantom stock units
 vested in accordance with the terms of the officer s
 phantom stock agreement, which had an aggregate intrinsic value
 of approximately 7.3 million. Of the 224,383 shares
 of the Company s common stock issuable to the officer in
 respect of his vested phantom stock units, the Company
 repurchased 91,713 shares on March 1, 2007 for an
 aggregate purchase price of approximately 3.0 million
 pursuant to the officer s right under the applicable stock
 incentive plan to elect to use common stock to satisfy his tax
 withholding obligations.

90

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 

BASIC AND
 DILUTED NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the numerators
 and denominators used in computing basic and diluted net income
 per common share (in thousands, except per share data):

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

Computation of basic net income per common share:

Net income

73,899

92,335

4,294

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic

72,364

75,954

74,116

Basic net income per common share

1.02

1.22

0.06

Computation of diluted net income per common share:

Net income

73,899

92,335

4,294

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic

72,364

75,954

74,116

Effect of dilutive securities:

Stock-based awards

5,903

3,281

1,787

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted

78,267

79,235

75,903

Diluted net income per common share

0.94

1.17

0.06

17. 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION 

Prior to January 1, 2007, the Company operated in one
 business segment; providing critical technology services to the
 communications industry and enterprise customers, including
 telephone number administration, telephone number pooling,
 internet domain name services, common short code registry
 services, wireline and wireless number portability, order
 management services and network management services. The Company
 was not organized by market and was managed and operated as one
 business. A single management team reported to the chief
 operating decision maker who comprehensively managed the
 business. The Company did not operate any material separate
 lines of business or separate business entities with respect to
 its services. Accordingly, the Company did not accumulate
 discrete financial information with respect to separate service
 lines and did not have separately reportable segments as defined
 by SFAS No. 131, Disclosure About Segments of an
 Enterprise and Related Information (SFAS No. 131).

On November 27, 2006, the Company acquired Followap and
 became a provider of next-generation communications solutions
 for mobile network operators by delivering instant messaging,
 presence, multimedia gateways and inter-carrier messaging hubs.
 As a result of the Followap acquisition, the Company began
 accumulating discrete financial information with respect to
 separate service lines with separate reportable segments as
 defined by SFAS No. 131. The Company operated in two
 reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2007
 and 2008, Clearinghouse and NGM.

91

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Information for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008
 regarding the Company s reportable segments is as follows
 (in thousands):

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Revenue:

Clearinghouse

421,062

474,141

NGM

8,110

14,704

Total revenue

429,172

488,845

Depreciation and amortization:

Clearinghouse

28,241

29,978

NGM

9,490

10,604

Total depreciation and amortization

37,731

40,582

Income (loss) from operations:

Clearinghouse

184,955

225,700

NGM

(35,309

(156,594

Income (loss) from operations

149,646

69,106

Information as of December 31, 2007 and 2008 regarding the
 Company s reportable segments is as follows (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Total assets:

Clearinghouse

449,523

458,689

NGM

167,138

60,477

Total assets

616,661

519,166

Goodwill:

Clearinghouse

88,148

95,724

NGM

115,945

22,343

Goodwill

204,093

118,067

Intangible assets:

Clearinghouse

14,973

13,552

NGM

21,878

3,042

Intangible assets

36,851

16,594

92

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Geographic area revenues from external customers for the years
 ended December 31, 2007 and 2008, and
 long-lived 
 assets as of December 31, 2007 and 2008 were as follows (in
 thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008 

Revenues:

North America

403,536

443,921

Europe, Middle East and Africa

17,004

34,274

Other regions

8,632

10,650

Total revenues

429,172

488,845

Long-lived assets:

North America

61,027

69,227

Europe, Middle East and Africa

32,012

10,755

Other regions

3

772

Total long-lived assets

93,042

80,754

18. 

EMPLOYEE
 BENEFIT PLANS 

The Company has a 401(k) Profit-Sharing Plan for the benefit of
 all employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. This
 plan covers substantially all of the Company s full-time
 employees. The Company makes matching and other discretionary
 contributions under this plan, as determined by the board of
 directors. The Company recognized contribution expense totaling
 2.4 million, 4.3 million and 5.2 million for
 the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008,
 respectively.

In June 2008, the Company established the NeuStar, Inc. Deferred
 Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ).
 The Deferred Compensation Plan allows directors and key
 employees to defer a portion of their salary and up to 100 of
 their bonus, commissions, incentive awards, directors 
 fees, and certain
 equity-based 
 cash compensation, as applicable. The assets of the Plan are
 held in a Rabbi Trust, and are therefore available to satisfy
 the claims of creditors in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency
 of the Company. The assets of the Rabbi Trust are invested in
 marketable securities and reported at market value. Changes in
 the fair value of the securities are reflected in accumulated
 other comprehensive loss. The assets of the Rabbi Trust are
 recorded within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
 As of December 31, 2008, the assets held in the Rabbi Trust
 were approximately 0.3 million. During 2008, the Company
 recorded an unrealized loss of approximately 27,000 for changes
 in the fair value of the securities held in the Rabbi Trust.

The Deferred Compensation Plan participants make investment
 allocation decisions on amounts deferred under the Deferred
 Compensation Plan solely for the purpose of adjusting the value
 of a participant s account balance. The participant does
 not have a real or beneficial ownership interest in any
 securities held in the Rabbi Trust. Obligations to pay benefits
 under the Deferred Compensation Plan are reported at fair value
 as deferred compensation in other long-term liabilities. As of
 December 31, 2008, deferred compensation obligation related
 to the Deferred Compensation Plan was approximately
 0.3 million. Changes in the fair value of the deferred
 compensation obligation are reflected in deferred compensation
 expense. The Company recognized gains of approximately 33,000
 in compensation expense for changes in the fair value of the
 deferred compensation obligation from the Plan s inception
 in June 2008 through December 31, 2008.

19. 

RELATED
 PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

During the years ended December 31, 2006, and 2007, the
 Company received professional services from a company owned by a
 family member of the Chairman and CEO of the Company. The
 services were related to tenant

93

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

improvements in the Company s leased office spaces. The
 amounts paid to the related party during the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 were approximately
 292,000, 227,000 and 2,000, respectively. As of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, the Company owed 2,000 and 0,
 respectively, for outstanding payables to this party.

In March 2006, the Company acquired 10 of NeuLevel, Inc. from
 Melbourne IT Limited (MIT), raising the Company s ownership
 interest from 90 to 100 . Prior to the acquisition of the
 remaining 10 ownership interest, the Company had an agreement
 with MIT whereby MIT served as a registrar for domain names
 within the .biz top-level domain. During the year ended
 December 31, 2006, the Company recorded approximately
 837,000 in revenue from MIT related to domain name registration
 services and other nonrecurring revenue from IP claim
 notification services and pre-registration services.

20. 

QUARTERLY
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

Quarter Ended 

Mar. 31, 

Jun. 30, 

Sep. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

2007 

2007 

2007 

2007 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Summary consolidated statement of operations:

Total revenue

97,448

99,693

110,757

121,274

Income from operations

29,332

31,401

41,894

47,019

Net income

17,968

19,149

25,702

29,516

Net income per common share basic

0.24

0.25

0.34

0.38

Net income per common share diluted

0.23

0.24

0.32

0.37

Quarter Ended 

Mar. 31, 

Jun. 30, 

Sep. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

2008 

2008 

2008 

2008 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Summary consolidated statement of operations:

Total revenue

117,413

120,209

123,810

127,413

Income (loss) from operations

11,029

39,988

45,163

(27,074

Net income (loss)

(4,460

22,856

28,374

(42,476

Net income (loss) per common share basic

(0.06

0.31

0.39

(0.58

Net income (loss) per common share diluted

(0.06

0.31

0.38

(0.58

21. 

SUBSEQUENT
 EVENT 

On January 28, 2009, the Company amended its contracts to
 provide telephone number portability and other clearinghouse
 services to telecommunications service providers in the United
 States. The pricing terms under the amended contracts are based
 on a fixed fee model rather than a transaction-based model.
 Specifically, the amended contracts provide for an annual, base
 fee for the telephone number portability services the Company
 provides, which is subject to an annual price escalator of 6.5 .
 In addition, the amended contracts provide for fixed credits in
 2009, 2010 and 2011 that are used to calculate the respective
 annual fixed fee. In addition, customers may earn additional
 credits annually in 2009, 2010 and 2011 if certain levels of
 aggregate telephone number inventories are reached and if
 certain IP fields and functionality are adopted and implemented.
 In the event that transactions in a given year are above or
 below the established volume range for that year, the base fee
 may be adjusted up or down, respectively, with any such
 adjustment being applied to the following year s invoices.

94

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Attached as exhibits to this
 Form 10-K 
 are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with
 Rule 13a-14 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This
 Controls and Procedures section includes information
 concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in
 the certifications. The report of Ernst Young LLP,
 our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding its
 audit of our internal control over financial reporting is set
 forth below in this section. This section should be read in
 conjunction with the certifications and the Ernst 
 Young report for a more complete understanding of the topics
 presented.

Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
 and operation of our disclosure controls and
 procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
 Form 10-K. 
 The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and
 with the participation of management, including our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure
 controls are controls and procedures designed to reasonably
 assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
 filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, such as this
 Form 10-K, 
 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
 periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
 controls are also designed to reasonably assure that such
 information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
 required disclosure. Our quarterly evaluation of disclosure
 controls includes an evaluation of some components of our
 internal control over financial reporting, and internal control
 over financial reporting is also separately evaluated on an
 annual basis for purposes of providing the management report
 which is set forth below.

The evaluation of our disclosure controls included a review of
 the controls objectives and design, our implementation of
 the controls and their effect on the information generated for
 use in this
 Form 10-K. 
 In the course of the controls evaluation, we reviewed identified
 data errors, control problems or indications of potential fraud
 and, where appropriate, sought to confirm that appropriate
 corrective actions, including process improvements, were being
 undertaken. This type of evaluation is performed on a quarterly
 basis so that the conclusions of management, including the Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concerning the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls can be reported in our
 periodic reports on
 Form 10-Q 
 and
 Form 10-K. 
 Many of the components of our disclosure controls are also
 evaluated on an ongoing basis by our finance organization. The
 overall goals of these various evaluation activities are to
 monitor our disclosure controls, and to modify them as
 necessary. Our intent is to maintain the disclosure controls as
 dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant.

Based upon the controls evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end
 of the period covered by this
 Form 10-K, 
 our disclosure controls were effective to provide reasonable
 assurance that information required to be disclosed in our
 Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the
 SEC, and that material information related to NeuStar and its
 consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
 particularly during the period when our periodic reports are
 being prepared. We reviewed the results of management s
 evaluation with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

Management
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 effective internal control over financial reporting to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial
 reporting includes those policies and procedures that
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in
 reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
 and dispositions of the assets of the

95

Table of Contents 

company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
 transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles; and (iii) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding authorization to effect the
 acquisition, use or disposition of company assets, as well as
 the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of the company s assets that could have
 a material effect on the financial statements.

Management assessed our internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2008, the end of our fiscal
 year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. Management s assessment included evaluation of
 such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key
 financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting
 policies and our overall control environment. This assessment is
 supported by testing and monitoring performed by our finance
 organization.

Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our
 internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
 the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external reporting
 purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles.

Our independent registered public accounting firm,
 Ernst Young LLP, independently assessed the
 effectiveness of the company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Ernst Young has issued an
 attestation report, which is included at the end of this section.

Inherent
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
 provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
 control system s objectives will be met. The design of a
 control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
 constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
 relative to their costs. Other inherent limitations include the
 realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and
 that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
 Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some
 persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
 override of the controls. Projections of any evaluation of
 controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks.
 Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
 conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
 policies or procedures.

Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

On a quarterly basis we evaluate any changes to our internal
 control over financial reporting to determine if material
 changes occurred. There were no changes in our internal controls
 over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended
 December 31, 2008 that have materially affected, or are
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
 over financial reporting.

96

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders

NeuStar, Inc.

We have audited NeuStar, Inc. s internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
 the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). NeuStar,
 Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective
 internal control over financial reporting, and for its
 assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting included in the accompanying Management
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s
 internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
 considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
 audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, NeuStar, Inc. maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of December 31, 2008 based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of NeuStar, Inc. as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2008, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash
 flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2008 and our report dated March 2, 2009
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst 
 Young LLP 

McLean, Virginia

March 2, 2009

97

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None.

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS
 AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE 

Information about our directors and executive officers and our
 corporate governance is incorporated by reference to our
 definitive proxy statement for our 2009 Annual Meeting of
 Stockholders, or our 2009 Proxy Statement, which is anticipated
 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within
 120 days of December 31, 2008, under the headings
 Board of Directors, Executive Officers and
 Management and Governance of the Company. 
 Information about compliance with Section 16(a) of the
 Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to our 2009 Proxy
 Statement under the heading Section 16(a) Beneficial
 Ownership Reporting Compliance. Information about our
 Audit Committee, including the members of the Audit Committee,
 and Audit Committee financial experts, is incorporated by
 reference to our 2009 Proxy Statement under the heading
 Governance of the Company. Information about the
 NeuStar policies on business conduct governing our employees,
 including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
 and our controller, is incorporated by reference to our 2009
 Proxy Statement under the heading Governance of the
 Company. 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Information about director and executive officer compensation is
 incorporated by reference to our 2009 Proxy Statement, under the
 headings Governance of the Company. 

ITEM 12 

SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information required by Item 12 of this report is
 incorporated by reference to our 2009 Proxy Statement, under the
 headings Beneficial Ownership of Shares of Common
 Stock and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
 INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 of this report is
 incorporated by reference to our 2009 Proxy Statement, under the
 heading Governance of the Company. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Information about the fees for professional services rendered by
 our independent auditors in 2007 and 2008 is incorporated by
 reference to the discussion under the heading Audit and
 Non-Audit Fees in our 2009 Proxy Statement. Our audit
 committee s policy on pre-approval of audit and permissible
 non-audit services of our independent auditors is incorporated
 by reference from the discussion under the heading
 Governance of the Company. 

98

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report:

(1)

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

54

Consolidated Financial Statements covered by the Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm:

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2008

55

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008

57

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008

58

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008

59

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

60

(2)

Schedule for the three years ended December 31, 2006, 2007
 and 2008:

II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

100

(a) (3) and (b) Exhibits required by
 Item 601 of
 Regulation S-K: 

99

Table of Contents 

NEUSTAR,
 INC. 

SCHEDULE II 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

As of December 31, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Beginning Balance

494

1,103

1,654

Additions

2,041

2,601

2,387

Reductions(1)

(1,432

(2,050

(2,832

Ending Balance

1,103

1,654

1,209

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

Beginning Balance

1,011

1,787

Additions

1,011

776

1,420

Reductions

(343

Ending Balance

1,011

1,787

2,864

(1) 

Includes the reinstatement and subsequent collections of account
 receivable that were previously written-off. 

100

Table of Contents 

Exhibit
 Index 

Exhibits identified in parentheses below are on file with the
 SEC and are incorporated herein by reference. All other exhibits
 are provided as part of this electronic submission.

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(2

.1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 19, 2006,
 by and among NeuStar, Inc., UDNS Merger Sub, Inc., UltraDNS
 Corporation, and Ron Lachman as the Holder Representative,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed April 25, 2006.

(2

.2)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 27,
 2006, by and among Neustar, Inc., Followap Inc., B T Merger
 Sub, Inc. and Carmel V.C. Ltd. And Sequoia Seed Capital II
 L.P. (Israel), as Holder Representatives, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed November 27, 2006.

(3

.1)

Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 7 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 28, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(3

.2)

Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to NeuStar s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 16, 2008.

(10

.1)

Contractor services agreement entered into the 7th day of
 November 1997 by and between NeuStar, Inc. and North American
 Portability Management LLC, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to (a) Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 15, 2005; (b) Exhibit 10.1.1. to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 29, 2006; (c) Exhibit 10.1.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006; (d) Exhibit 10.1.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006 ; (e) Exhibit 99.1 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 22, 2006; (f) Exhibit 10.1.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007; (g) Exhibit 10.1.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007 , (h) Exhibit 10.1.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, and (i) Exhibit 10.1.2
 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

(10

.2)

Contractor services agreement, restated as of June 1, 2003,
 by and between Canadian LNP Consortium Inc. and NeuStar, Inc.,
 as amended, incorporated herein by reference to
 (a) Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 6 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 28, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635); 
 (b) Exhibit 10.2.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 15, 2005; (c) Exhibit 10.2.1 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 29, 2006 ; (d) Exhibit 10.2.2 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 filed March 29, 2006 ; (e) Exhibit 10.2.3. to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006 ; (f) Exhibit 10.2.1. to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007 ; (g) Exhibit 10.2.2 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007 ; (h) Exhibit 10.2.3 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007 ; (i) Exhibit 10.2.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007 ; (j) Exhibit 10.2.5 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007 , (k) Exhibit 10.2.1 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008 , (l) Exhibit 10.2.2 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008 , (m) Exhibit 10.2.3 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008 , (n) Exhibit 10.2.3 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, (o) Exhibit 10.2.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008 , (p) Exhibit 10.2.5 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008, and (q) Exhibit 10.2.6
 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

10

.2.1

Amendment to the contractor services agreement between Canadian
 LNP Consortium Inc. and NeuStar, Inc., as amended. 

(10

.3)

National Thousands-Block Pooling Administration agreement
 awarded to NeuStar, Inc. by the Federal Communications
 Commission, effective August 14, 2007, incorporated herein
 by reference to (a) Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly
 Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007 , (b) Exhibit 10.3.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, (c) Exhibit 10.3.2 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008, and (d) Exhibit 10.3.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

10

.3.1

Amendments to the National Thousands-Block Pooling
 Administration agreement awarded to NeuStar, Inc. by the Federal
 Communications Commission.

101

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.4)

North American Numbering Plan Administrator agreement awarded to
 NeuStar, Inc. by the Federal Communications Commission,
 effective July 9, 2003, incorporated herein by reference to
 (a) Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 7 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 28, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635); 
 (b) Exhibit 10.4.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 15, 2005; (c) Exhibit 10.4.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 29, 2006; (d) Exhibit 10.4.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006; (e) Exhibit 10.4.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 14, 2006; (f) Exhibit 10.4.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007; (g) Exhibit 10.4.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 10, 2007; (h) Exhibit 10.4.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August
 10-Q, filed
 August 8, 2007; (i) Exhibit 10.4.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007, (j) Exhibit 10.4.1 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, (k) Exhibit 10.4.2 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, and (l) Exhibit 10.4.3 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

(10

.5)

.us Top-Level Domain Registry Management and Coordination
 agreement awarded to NeuStar, Inc. by the National Institute of
 Standards and Technology on behalf of the Department of Commerce
 on October 18, 2007, incorporated herein by reference to
 (a) Exhibit 10.5. to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, (b) Exhibit 10.5.1 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008, (c) Exhibit 10.5.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, and (d) Exhibit 10.5.3 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

(10

.6)

Registry Agreement by and between the Internet Corporation for
 Assigned Names and Numbers and NeuStar, Inc., dated as of
 December 18, 2006, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to (a) Exhibit 10.6 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007, (b) Exhibit 10.6 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007, and (c) Exhibit 10.6.1 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008.

(10

.7)

Amended and Restated Common Short Code License Agreement
 effective as of June 2, 2008, by and between the Cellular
 Telecommunications and Internet Association and NeuStar, Inc.,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008 .

10

.7.1

Amendment to Amended and Restated Common Short Code License
 Agreement by and between the Cellular Telecommunications and
 Internet Association and NeuStar, Inc.

(10

.8)

NeuStar, Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan (the 1999
 Plan ), incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 3 to our Registration
 Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.9)

NeuStar, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2005
 Plan ), incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.51 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.10)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 April 10, 2000, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.11)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 April 10, 2000, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.12)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.13)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

102

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.14)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.15)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.16)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.17)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.18)

Nonqualified Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.19)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.20)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 June 22, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Babka, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 3 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.21)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of June 22, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Babka, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Amendment No. 3 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.22)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of April 10, 2000, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Ken
 Pickar, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.23)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of February 14, 2005, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jim
 Cullen, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.24)

Loudoun Tech Center Office Lease by and between Merritt-LT1,
 LLC, Landlord, and NeuStar, Inc., Tenant, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 2 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 11, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.25)

Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2007, among
 NeuStar, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and other lenders,
 incorporated herein by reference to (a) Exhibit 10.1 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 9, 2007, and (b) Exhibit 10.31.1 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007.

(10

.26)

Guarantee Agreement dated February 6, 2007 among certain
 subsidiaries of NeuStar, Inc. in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank,
 N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 9, 2007.

(10

.27)

NeuStar, Inc. Annual Performance Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed July 13, 2007. 

103

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.28)

NeuStar, Inc. 2007 Key Employee Severance Pay Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed July 13, 2007. 

(10

.29)

Executive Relocation Policy, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.35 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007. 

(10

.30)

Employment Continuation Agreement, made as of April 8,
 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey Ganek,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to
 Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.31)

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 Plan,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed March 5, 2007. 

(10

.32)

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 Plan,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to
 Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.33)

Summary of relocation arrangement with Jeffrey A. Babka,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to
 Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.34)

Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Amendment No. 5 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 10, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.35)

Summary Description of Non-Management Director Compensation
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.36)

Form of Directors Restricted Stock Unit Agreement,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed April 14, 2006. 

(10

.37)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 November 18, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and John
 Spirtos, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.38)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of November 18, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and John
 Spirtos, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.39)

Agreement, dated December 8, 2008, by and between NeuStar,
 Inc. and Jeffrey E. Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed December 10, 2008. 

(10

.40)

Employment Agreement, made as of February 5, 2008, by and
 between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey Babka, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to NeuStar s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 11, 2008. 

(10

.41)

Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan,
 made as of February 8, 2008, by and between NeuStar, Inc.
 and Jeffrey Babka, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.2 to NeuStar s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 11, 2008. 

(10

.42)

Performance Award Agreement under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan,
 made as of February 8, 2008, by and between NeuStar, Inc.
 and Jeffrey Babka, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.3 to NeuStar s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 11, 2008. 

(10

.43)

Form of Performance Award Agreement under the NeuStar, Inc. 2005
 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to NeuStar s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K/A, 
 filed February 28, 2008. 

(10

.44)

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the NeuStar, Inc. 2005
 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.2 to NeuStar s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K/A, 
 filed February 28, 2008. 

(10

.45)

Second Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the NeuStar,
 Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to NeuStar s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K/A, 
 filed February 28, 2008. 

104

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.46)

Letter Agreement, dated May 5, 2008, by and between
 NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster, incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.50 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008. 

(10

.47)

Senior Advisor Services Agreement, dated May 5, 2008, by
 and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, 

(10

.48)

Agreement Respecting Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation, dated
 May 5, 2008, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008.

(10

.49)

NeuStar, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.53 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008. 

(10

.50)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 13, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Martin
 Lowen, as amended as of June 22, 2004 and May 20,
 2005, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008. 

(10

.51)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of December 13, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and
 Martin Lowen, as amended as of June 22, 2004 and
 May 20, 2005, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.43 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008. 

(10

.52)

Form of Agreement Respecting Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation and
 Confidentiality, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.41 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008.

21

.1

Subsidiaries of NeuStar, Inc.

23

.1

Consent of Ernst Young LLP.

24

.1

Power of Attorney (included on the signature page herewith).

31

.1

Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to
 Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley 
 Act of 2002.

31

.2

Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32

.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002.

(99

.1)

Update to the Functional Requirements Specification, which is
 attached as Exhibit B to the contractor services agreement
 by and between NeuStar, Inc. and North American Portability
 Management, LLC, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008.

(99

.2)

Update to the Interoperable Interface Specification, which is
 attached as Exhibit C to the contractor services agreement
 by and between NeuStar, Inc. and North American Portability
 Management, LLC, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008.

Compensation arrangement. 

Confidential treatment has been requested or granted for
 portions of this document. The omitted portions of this document
 have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

105

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized on March 2, 2009.

NEUSTAR, INC.

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey
 E. Ganek

Jeffrey E. Ganek

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

and Chief Executive Officer 

We, the undersigned directors and officers of NeuStar, Inc.,
 hereby severally constitute Jeffrey E. Ganek and Martin K.
 Lowen, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys
 with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, in our
 names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments
 to this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this
 report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
 of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on
 March 2, 2009.

Signature 

Title 

/s/ Jeffrey
 E. Ganek

Jeffrey
 E. Ganek

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Paul
 S. Lalljie

Paul
 S. Lalljie

Senior Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Gareth
 Chang

Gareth
 Chang

Director

/s/ James
 G. Cullen

James
 G. Cullen

Director

/s/ Joel
 P. Friedman

Joel
 P. Friedman

Director

/s/ Ross
 K. Ireland

Ross
 K. Ireland

Director

/s/ Paul
 A. Lacouture

Paul
 A. Lacouture

Director

/s/ Dr. Kenneth
 A. Pickar

Dr. Kenneth
 A. Pickar

Director

/s/ Michael
 J. Rowny

Michael
 J. Rowny

Director

/s/ Hellene
 S. Runtagh

Hellene
 S. Runtagh

Director

106

Table of Contents 

Exhibit
 Index 

Exhibits identified in parentheses below are on file with the
 SEC and are incorporated herein by reference. All other exhibits
 are provided as part of this electronic submission.

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(2

.1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 19, 2006,
 by and among NeuStar, Inc., UDNS Merger Sub, Inc., UltraDNS
 Corporation, and Ron Lachman as the Holder Representative,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed April 25, 2006.

(2

.2)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 27,
 2006, by and among Neustar, Inc., Followap Inc., B T Merger
 Sub, Inc. and Carmel V.C. Ltd. And Sequoia Seed Capital II
 L.P. (Israel), as Holder Representatives, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed November 27, 2006.

(3

.1)

Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 7 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 28, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(3

.2)

Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to NeuStar s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 16, 2008.

(10

.1)

Contractor services agreement entered into the 7th day of
 November 1997 by and between NeuStar, Inc. and North American
 Portability Management LLC, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to (a) Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 15, 2005; (b) Exhibit 10.1.1. to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 29, 2006; (c) Exhibit 10.1.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006; (d) Exhibit 10.1.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006 ; (e) Exhibit 99.1 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 22, 2006; (f) Exhibit 10.1.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007; (g) Exhibit 10.1.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007 , (h) Exhibit 10.1.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, and (i) Exhibit 10.1.2
 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

(10

.2)

Contractor services agreement, restated as of June 1, 2003,
 by and between Canadian LNP Consortium Inc. and NeuStar, Inc.,
 as amended, incorporated herein by reference to
 (a) Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 6 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 28, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635); 
 (b) Exhibit 10.2.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 15, 2005; (c) Exhibit 10.2.1 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 29, 2006 ; (d) Exhibit 10.2.2 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 filed March 29, 2006 ; (e) Exhibit 10.2.3. to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006 ; (f) Exhibit 10.2.1. to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007 ; (g) Exhibit 10.2.2 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007 ; (h) Exhibit 10.2.3 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007 ; (i) Exhibit 10.2.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007 ; (j) Exhibit 10.2.5 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007 , (k) Exhibit 10.2.1 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008 , (l) Exhibit 10.2.2 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008 , (m) Exhibit 10.2.3 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008 , (n) Exhibit 10.2.3 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, (o) Exhibit 10.2.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008 , (p) Exhibit 10.2.5 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008, and (q) Exhibit 10.2.6
 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

10

.2.1

Amendment to the contractor services agreement between Canadian
 LNP Consortium Inc. and NeuStar, Inc., as amended. 

(10

.3)

National Thousands-Block Pooling Administration agreement
 awarded to NeuStar, Inc. by the Federal Communications
 Commission, effective August 14, 2007, incorporated herein
 by reference to (a) Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly
 Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007 , (b) Exhibit 10.3.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, (c) Exhibit 10.3.2 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008, and (d) Exhibit 10.3.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

10

.3.1

Amendments to the National Thousands-Block Pooling
 Administration agreement awarded to NeuStar, Inc. by the Federal
 Communications Commission.

107

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.4)

North American Numbering Plan Administrator agreement awarded to
 NeuStar, Inc. by the Federal Communications Commission,
 effective July 9, 2003, incorporated herein by reference to
 (a) Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 7 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 28, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635); 
 (b) Exhibit 10.4.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 15, 2005; (c) Exhibit 10.4.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 29, 2006; (d) Exhibit 10.4.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2006; (e) Exhibit 10.4.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 14, 2006; (f) Exhibit 10.4.1 to
 our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007; (g) Exhibit 10.4.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 10, 2007; (h) Exhibit 10.4.3 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August
 10-Q, filed
 August 8, 2007; (i) Exhibit 10.4.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007, (j) Exhibit 10.4.1 to our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, (k) Exhibit 10.4.2 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, and (l) Exhibit 10.4.3 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

(10

.5)

.us Top-Level Domain Registry Management and Coordination
 agreement awarded to NeuStar, Inc. by the National Institute of
 Standards and Technology on behalf of the Department of Commerce
 on October 18, 2007, incorporated herein by reference to
 (a) Exhibit 10.5. to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008, (b) Exhibit 10.5.1 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008, (c) Exhibit 10.5.2 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, and (d) Exhibit 10.5.3 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 10, 2008.

(10

.6)

Registry Agreement by and between the Internet Corporation for
 Assigned Names and Numbers and NeuStar, Inc., dated as of
 December 18, 2006, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to (a) Exhibit 10.6 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007, (b) Exhibit 10.6 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007, and (c) Exhibit 10.6.1 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008.

(10

.7)

Amended and Restated Common Short Code License Agreement
 effective as of June 2, 2008, by and between the Cellular
 Telecommunications and Internet Association and NeuStar, Inc.,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008 .

10

.7.1

Amendment to Amended and Restated Common Short Code License
 Agreement by and between the Cellular Telecommunications and
 Internet Association and NeuStar, Inc.

(10

.8)

NeuStar, Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan (the 1999
 Plan ), incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 3 to our Registration
 Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.9)

NeuStar, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2005
 Plan ), incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.51 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.10)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 April 10, 2000, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.11)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 April 10, 2000, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.12)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.13)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

108

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.14)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to
 Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.15)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of June 6, 2002, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.16)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.17)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.18)

Nonqualified Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Ganek, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.19)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of December 18, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark
 Foster, as amended as of June 22, 2004, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Amendment No. 1 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.20)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 June 22, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Babka, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 3 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.21)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of June 22, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey
 Babka, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Amendment No. 3 to
 our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.22)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of April 10, 2000, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Ken
 Pickar, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.23)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of February 14, 2005, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jim
 Cullen, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35
 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed April 8, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.24)

Loudoun Tech Center Office Lease by and between Merritt-LT1,
 LLC, Landlord, and NeuStar, Inc., Tenant, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 2 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 11, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.25)

Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2007, among
 NeuStar, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and other lenders,
 incorporated herein by reference to (a) Exhibit 10.1 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 9, 2007, and (b) Exhibit 10.31.1 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed November 5, 2007.

(10

.26)

Guarantee Agreement dated February 6, 2007 among certain
 subsidiaries of NeuStar, Inc. in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank,
 N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 9, 2007.

(10

.27)

NeuStar, Inc. Annual Performance Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed July 13, 2007. 

109

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.28)

NeuStar, Inc. 2007 Key Employee Severance Pay Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed July 13, 2007. 

(10

.29)

Executive Relocation Policy, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.35 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed March 1, 2007. 

(10

.30)

Employment Continuation Agreement, made as of April 8,
 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey Ganek,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to
 Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.31)

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 Plan,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed March 5, 2007. 

(10

.32)

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 Plan,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to
 Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.33)

Summary of relocation arrangement with Jeffrey A. Babka,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to
 Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed May 27, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.34)

Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Amendment No. 5 to our
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 filed June 10, 2005 (File
 No. 333-123635). 

(10

.35)

Summary Description of Non-Management Director Compensation
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.36)

Form of Directors Restricted Stock Unit Agreement,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed April 14, 2006. 

(10

.37)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 November 18, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and John
 Spirtos, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.38)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of November 18, 2004, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and John
 Spirtos, as amended as of May 20, 2005, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 8, 2007. 

(10

.39)

Agreement, dated December 8, 2008, by and between NeuStar,
 Inc. and Jeffrey E. Ganek, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed December 10, 2008. 

(10

.40)

Employment Agreement, made as of February 5, 2008, by and
 between NeuStar, Inc. and Jeffrey Babka, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to NeuStar s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 11, 2008. 

(10

.41)

Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan,
 made as of February 8, 2008, by and between NeuStar, Inc.
 and Jeffrey Babka, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.2 to NeuStar s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 11, 2008. 

(10

.42)

Performance Award Agreement under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan,
 made as of February 8, 2008, by and between NeuStar, Inc.
 and Jeffrey Babka, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.3 to NeuStar s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed February 11, 2008. 

(10

.43)

Form of Performance Award Agreement under the NeuStar, Inc. 2005
 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to NeuStar s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K/A, 
 filed February 28, 2008. 

(10

.44)

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the NeuStar, Inc. 2005
 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.2 to NeuStar s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K/A, 
 filed February 28, 2008. 

(10

.45)

Second Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the NeuStar,
 Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to NeuStar s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K/A, 
 filed February 28, 2008. 

110

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

(10

.46)

Letter Agreement, dated May 5, 2008, by and between
 NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster, incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.50 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008. 

(10

.47)

Senior Advisor Services Agreement, dated May 5, 2008, by
 and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008, 

(10

.48)

Agreement Respecting Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation, dated
 May 5, 2008, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Mark Foster,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to our
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008.

(10

.49)

NeuStar, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.53 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 11, 2008. 

(10

.50)

Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as of
 December 13, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and Martin
 Lowen, as amended as of June 22, 2004 and May 20,
 2005, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to
 our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008. 

(10

.51)

Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1999 Plan, made as
 of December 13, 2003, by and between NeuStar, Inc. and
 Martin Lowen, as amended as of June 22, 2004 and
 May 20, 2005, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.43 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008. 

(10

.52)

Form of Agreement Respecting Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation and
 Confidentiality, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.41 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 12, 2008.

21

.1

Subsidiaries of NeuStar, Inc.

23

.1

Consent of Ernst Young LLP.

24

.1

Power of Attorney (included on the signature page herewith).

31

.1

Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to
 Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley 
 Act of 2002.

31

.2

Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32

.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002.

(99

.1)

Update to the Functional Requirements Specification, which is
 attached as Exhibit B to the contractor services agreement
 by and between NeuStar, Inc. and North American Portability
 Management, LLC, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008.

(99

.2)

Update to the Interoperable Interface Specification, which is
 attached as Exhibit C to the contractor services agreement
 by and between NeuStar, Inc. and North American Portability
 Management, LLC, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed February 28, 2008.

Compensation arrangement. 

Confidential treatment has been requested or granted for
 portions of this document. The omitted portions of this document
 have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

111

<EX-10.2.1>
 2
 w72883exv10w2w1.htm
 EX-10.2.1

exv10w2w1 

Exhibit 10.2.1 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

AMENDMENT NO. 71 (CA) 

TO 

CONTRACTOR SERVICES AGREEMENT FOR NPAC/SMS 

FOR 

CANADIAN SERVICE AREA 

Page 1 CONFIDENTIAL 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

AMENDMENT NO. 71 (CA) 

UNDER 

CONTRACTOR SERVICES AGREEMENT FOR NUMBERING 
ADMINISTRATION CENTER / SERVICE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR CANADIAN SERVICE AREA 

Help Desk Only Access 

1. PARTIES 

This Amendment No. 71 (CA) (this Amendment is entered into pursuant to Article 13 and Article 30
of, and upon execution shall be a part of, the Contractor Services Agreement for Number Portability
Administration Center/Service Management System (the Master Agreement by and between NeuStar,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Contractor and the Canadian LNP Consortium Inc., a corporation
incorporated under the laws of Canada (the Customer ).

2. EFFECTIVENESS 

This Amendment shall be effective as of the last date of execution below (the Amendment Effective
Date only upon execution of this Amendment by Contractor and Customer. The number in the upper
left-hand corner refers to this Amendment. Undefined capitalized terms used herein shall have the
meanings ascribed by the Master Agreement.

3. HELP DESK ONLY ACCESS 

3.1 Statement of Intent 

This SOW provides for an alternative porting process (other than LTI or SOA) for Users who have
minimal porting requirements in any twelve (12) consecutive month period during the term of the
Master Agreement, commencing the Effective Date (each, a Rolling 12 Month Period ). The Parties
wish to establish, pursuant to this SOW, a process whereby such Users can, through Contractor s
Help Desk, require Contractor to manually enter TN Porting Event requests in the NPAC/SMS, up to a
specified maximum number of TN Porting Events in any Rolling 12 Month Period.

3.2 Scope of Additional Services 

Page 2 CONFIDENTIAL 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

Beginning five (5) Business Days after the Amendment Effective Date, Contractor shall perform the
Additional Services set forth herein. The Additional Services under this SOW consist exclusively
of the process whereby a Help Desk Only User can, through Contractor s Help Desk, require
Contractor to manually enter TN Porting Event requests in the NPAC/SMS, up to a specified maximum
number of TN Porting Events in any Rolling 12 Month Period.

3.3 Out of Scope Services 

This SOW contains the agreed upon terms and conditions that shall govern Contractor s performance
of the Additional Services described herein. The Additional Services provided for in this SOW
shall not be interpreted, implied, or assumed to include any other service(s) (hereinafter, Out of
Scope Services ), which Out of Scope Services shall be provided in accordance with the Master
Agreement and, specifically, Article 13 (Additional Services) of the Master Agreement.

3.4 Project Phases 

There are no project phases for this SOW.

3.5 Exhibit E of Master Agreement 

The following is added as a new row to Exhibit E, Schedule 1, Section 2 of the Master Agreement,
immediately after the row for the Service Element entitled NPAC Support Manual Request :

Price 
 
 Price 

U.S. 
 
 Canadian 

Category 
 
 Service Element 
 
 Unit 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Dollars 

NPAC User Support Manual 
Request 
 (Help Desk Only 
Access) 3A 
 
 per manual operation request 

If the request occurs outside of Normal Business Hours, per
hour, or fraction thereof, will be charged in addition to the . 

3A 
 
 The NPAC User Support Manual Request (Help Desk Only Access) is intended for
Users with minimal porting needs. In order for a User to submit an NPAC User Support
Manual Request (Help Desk Only Access), such User must be a Help Desk Only User. A Help
Desk Only User is a User whose Help Desk Only User Registration Form has been approved by
the Contractor. A 

Page 3 CONFIDENTIAL 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

A Help Desk Only User cannot have an LTI, SOA, LSMS or other interface to
the NPAC/SMS. If a Help Desk Only User has caused more than TN Porting Events in
the immediately preceding twelve-month period (each, a Rolling 12 Month Period ),
calculated on a monthly basis, then the User must make other provisioning arrangements;
e.g., use LTI, SOA or Service Bureau services.

The charge for the NPAC User Support Manual Request (Help Desk Only Access) applies to each
manual operation request to the NPAC staff to perform a SOA or SOA-like function through
the OpGUI interface that could otherwise be performed by Users directly (such as service
orders to create or activate a number, disconnect a number or modify a number). If the
NPAC User Support Manual Request (Help Desk Only Access) concerns a telephone number(s),
then the charge applies per telephone number or range of contiguous telephone numbers,
regardless of the number of creates, modifies, or deletes of values in a Subscription
Version (SV) that are accomplished simultaneously. A charge for an NPAC User Support
Manual Request (Help Desk Only Access) applies regardless of the time of day the request is
made or fulfilled, and is in addition to any other charges that currently are applicable,
including charges for services performed outside of Normal Business Hours.

Upon receipt of an NPAC User Support Manual Request (Help Desk Only Access), whereby the
requested manual operation conforms with all applicable NPAC/SMS specifications from a Help
Desk Only User, Contractor shall take all such action as is necessary to enter the request
into the NPAC/SMS and schedule the processing of such request by the due date specified in
the request. 

3.6 Method Procedures

Contractor and Customer will develop appropriate methods and procedures and a User Registration
Form in connection with Help Desk Only Access.

3.7 Reservation

The Parties agree that nothing herein shall in any way limit or diminish (1) the scope of services
currently available to the Users under the Service Element entitled NPAC User Support Manual
Request available to Users who are not Help Desk Only Users, or (2)
the scope or application of any of the Service Levels or Service Level Requirements set forth in
the Master Agreement which, for greater certainty, shall apply to NPAC User Support Manual Requests
as applicable.

4. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 

The following internal documents are applicable to the Additional Services contemplated under this
Amendment:

N/A

Functional Requirements Specifications 

N/A

Requirements Traceability Matrix 

N/A

External Design 

Page 4 
 CONFIDENTIAL 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

N/A

System Design 

N/A

Detailed Design 

N/A

Integration Test Plan 

N/A

System Test Plan 

N/A

Software Quality Assurance Program Report 

User Documentation 

N/A

Software Configuration Management Plan 

N/A

Standards and Metrics 

5. IMPACTS ON MASTER AGREEMENT 

The following portions of the Master Agreement are impacted by this Amendment:

None

Master Agreement 

None

Exhibit B Functional Requirements Specification 

None

Exhibit C Interoperable Interface Specification 

Exhibit E Pricing Schedules 

None

Exhibit F Project Plan and Test Schedule 

None

Exhibit G Service Level Requirements 

None

Exhibit H Reporting and Monitoring Requirements 

None

Exhibit I Key Personnel 

None

Exhibit J User Agreement Form 

None

Exhibit K External Design 

None

Exhibit L Additional Terms and Conditions of Software License 

None

Exhibit M Software Escrow Agreement 

None

Exhibit O Statement of Work Cost Principles 

6. MISCELLANEOUS 

6.1 Counterparts 

This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts and by different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties had signed the same document. All
such counterparts shall be deemed an original, shall be construed together and shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

6.2 Continuation of Master Agreement and User Agreement 

Except as specifically modified and amended hereby, all the provisions of the Master Agreement and
the User Agreements entered into with respect thereto, and all exhibits and schedules thereto,
shall remain unaltered and in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. From and after
the date hereof, any reference in either the Master

Page 5 
 CONFIDENTIAL 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

Agreement to itself and any Article, Section or
subsections thereof or to any Exhibit thereto, or in any User Agreement to itself or to the Master
Agreement and applicable to any time from and after the date hereof, shall be deemed to be a
reference to such agreement, Article, Section, subsection or Exhibit as modified and amended by
this Amendment. From and after the Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall be a part of the
Master Agreement and, as such, shall be subject to the terms and conditions therein.

6.3 Entire Agreement 

This Amendment sets forth the entire understanding between the Parties with regard to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, discussions, negotiations or
representations between the Parties, whether written or oral, with respect thereto.

THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

Page 6 
 CONFIDENTIAL 

Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been omitted in places marked 
and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a
Confidential Treatment Application filed with the Commission.

Amendment No. 71 (CA) 

SOW: 

Yes 

No 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered this Amendment No. 71(CA):

CONTRACTOR: NeuStar, Inc. 

Signature:

/s/ Bradley D. Smith

Name: Bradley D. Smith 

Title: VP, Finance Corporate Controller 

Date: Dec. 22, 2008 

CUSTOMER: Canadian LNP Consortium Inc. 

Signature:

/s/ JR Sarrazin

Name: JR Sarrazin 

Title: President 

Date: DEC 20/2008 

Page 7 CONFIDENTIAL 

</EX-10.2.1>

<EX-10.3.1>
 3
 w72883exv10w3w1.htm
 EX-10.3.1

exv10w3w1 

Exhibit 10.3.1 

National Pooling Administration 

Contract #CON07000005 

Change Order Proposal #4 

(INC
Issue #591 Change Timeline of Part 1 / Part 3 Processing for NANPA) 

September 17, 2008

NeuStar, Inc.

46000 Center Oak Plaza 

Sterling VA, 20166 

Table of Contents 

1 Introduction

3 

2 Industry Numbering Committee (INC) Issue

4 

3 Industry Numbering Committee (INC) Resolution

4 

4 The Proposed Solution

7 

5 Assumptions and Risks

8 

6 Cost

8 

7 Conclusion

8 

- ii - 

1 Introduction 

1.1 Purpose and Scope 

In accordance with NeuStar s National Pooling Administration contract 1 and our constant
effort to provide the best support and value to both the FCC and the telecommunications industry,
NeuStar, as the National Pooling Administrator (PA), hereby submits this change order proposal to
the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for approval. This change order complies with the
contractual requirements set forth in Clause C.1 of the CONTRACT FOR POOLING ADMINISTRATION
SERVICES FOR THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION, effective August 15, 2007, which reads as
follows at Section 2.5.4:

2.5.4 Modifications of Guidelines 

The PA shall participate in the development and modification of guidelines and procedures,
which may or may not affect the performance of the PA functions. These changes may come
from regulatory directives and/or industry-initiated modifications to guidelines. In
addition, new guidelines may be developed as appropriate to comply with regulatory
directives. The PA shall implement any changes determined to be consistent with regulatory
directives.

The PA shall:

Provide, in real time, technical guidance to ensure processes and
procedures are
effective in meeting the goals of the change. 

Provide issues and contributions, and be prepared to discuss at INC
meetings how
the proposed change promotes numbering policy and/or benefits the
NANP and
how the change will affect the PA s duties, obligations and accountability. 

Assess and share in real time (i.e., during discussion) the cost
implications and
administrative impact of the change upon the PA s duties and
responsibilities in
sufficient detail as needed by the INC. 

When the INC places any changes to its guidelines in final closure, the PA shall submit an
assessment regarding the impact of scope of work, time and costs to the INC, the NANC and
the FCC within 15 calendar days. The PA shall post changes in procedures on its web site
prior to the change taking effect.

Specifically, the PA shall:

Notify all interested parties when guidelines have changed. 

Interpret guideline changes and impact upon processes. 

Identify implementation date or effective date. 

Provide notification of new forms or tools that may be required. 

Identify a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) within the PA to answer questions. 

The NANC shall be consulted at the FCC s discretion regarding the suggested implementation
date to determine the likely impact on service provider processes and

1 
 
 FCC Contract Number CON07000005 

- 3 - 

systems (i.e., whether it would be unduly burdensome or would unfairly disadvantage any
service provider or group of service providers per the PA s obligations and NANP
administrative principles). The PA shall also seek input on implementation dates from
service providers that log in to PAS and vendors that interface with PAS.

Because the proposed changes affect the PAS/NAS interface, the PA is submitting this change order
proposal in coordination with the companion change order being submitted by NANPA. The
requirements of the NANPA contract direct an earlier submission than the PA contract (no more than
30 days after guidelines changes are placed into Initial Closure, rather than Final Closure, as
quoted above).

2 Industry Numbering Committee (INC) Issue 

As a result of the automation of the interface of the Part 1 CO Code data from the PA to the NANPA,
industry representatives raised concerns regarding shortening the length of time for code
processing. Members of the INC brought in an issue to INC addressing the timeframe for code
processing. Also, a contribution was brought under this issue that added a checkbox to the Part 1A
form that the SP can select to request the earliest possible effective date. The INC issue
statement is reproduced below:

INC Issue Statement: 

Section 5.22 and Appendix D II of the Central Office Code Administrative
Guidelines (COCAG) provides the timeline of 10 business days for the NANPA to
process a Part 1 request / issue a Part 3. In June 2008, the NANPA will be
implementing a change to NAS (Number Administrative System) that will add an
interface with PAS (Pooling Administration System) to allow an automated flow
of Part 1 forms for NPA/NXXs in a pooled rate center. With this change there
will be not be a need for manual entry by NANPA for Part 1s received from the
PA.

With the automated receipt of Part 1 data from the PA to the NANPA, INC
should reduce the number of days the NANPA has to process a Part 1 / issue a
Part 3 from 10 business days to 7 calendar days.

3 Industry Numbering Committee (INC) Resolution 

On August 29, 2008, the INC placed Issue 591 Change Timeline of Part 1 /Part 3 Processing for
NANPA into initial closure, with the following language.

Resolution from INC: 

The following text changes (in track changes) were made to the noted
sections within the TBPAG: 

- 4 - 

7.4.4 
 
 The following steps provide the process flow and activation procedures
for the addition of central office codes in order to provide additional
thousands-blocks to the industry inventory pool to meet immediate or forecasted
demand. 

Step 1 The PA utilizes SPs forecasts to determine that
additional thousands-blocks are required to maintain a 6-month
supply for the industry inventory pool for a specific rate
center. 

Step 2 The PA may require new NXX Code(s) to replenish the
industry inventory pool to meet an SP s request that is not able be filled
from thousands-blocks currently available in the industry inventory pool: 

From a list of SPs that have a forecasted need (first for LRNs, then for
thousands-blocks), the PA will send an email seeking a LERG Assignee
 a to open
a code to be used to replenish the pool. . The SP, responding to the PA s
request, must complete the Central Office Code (NXX) Assignment Request Part
1 form and return it to the PA within two business days. The Central Office
Code (NXX) Assignment Request Part 1 form will include the selected LERG
Assignee and a proposed Code Effective Date that allows for the industry
minimum assignment/activation interval of 66 calendar days. The SP also is
responsible for submitting the Thousands-Block Application Form(s) Part 1A
to the PA only for the thousands-block(s) the SP needs to retain. If the SP is
retaining multiple blocks and the routing information is different for those
blocks, then the SP shall submit a Part 1A modification in order to update the
Part 1B information for the effected block(s). 

When an SP applies for more than one block in a pool that needs to be
replenished, the PA will notify the SP submitting the request of the need for
pool replenishment. The SP will be given the option and encouraged to take
part of the requested blocks from the industry inventory pool and the
remaining requested blocks from a new NXX for pool replenishment. 

The LERG Assignee receives a thousands-block(s) from the NXX assigned
to ensure that responsibilities in 4.2.1 are maintained. However, once the
responsibilities of the SP outlined in 4.2.1 of the TBPAG are fulfilled and
the SP determines that the block is not needed, the SP does have the option of
returning the block to the PA. The PA will follow the order below to select a
LERG Assignee: 

1) 
 
 An SP requiring an LRN: A unique LRN is required for each
LNP-capable switch/POI that serves subscriber lines, or otherwise terminates
traffic per LATA. LRNs are to be used for routing and not for rating/billing
calls. SP must provide the MTE worksheet (TBPAG Appendix 3) to the PA. The
LERG Assignee shall select the LRN from its assigned thousands-block(s) 

- 5 - 

2) 
 
 An SP volunteering to be the LERG Assignee who meets the MTE and
utilization threshold requirements. 

3) 
 
 Participating SPs with a forecasted need that also meet the MTE
and
utilization threshold requirements will be selected on a rotational basis.
An
SP with a forecasted need cannot refuse to become a LERG Assignee,
except for technical limitations, or if any SP is a LERG Assignee for
greater than 50 of the pooled NXX Codes within that rate center. 

Where the SP has requested a dedicated NXX Code to meet a specific customer
request, the SP is responsible for completing the Thousands-Block Months to
Exhaust and Utilization Certification Worksheet TN Level (Appendix 3) and
submitting it to the PA. 

Step 3 The PA then will forward that Part 1 to the CO Code Administrator.
For pool replenishment only, the PA must provide to the CO Code
Administrator an aggregated Thousands-Block Pooling Months to Exhaust
Certification Worksheet 1000 Block Level (TBPAG Appendix 4). 

Step 4 The CO Code Administrator will review the Central Office Code
(NXX) Assignment Request Part 1 form and, within
 14 7 calendar days,
notify the PA and the LERG Assignee of the NXX Code(s) assignment. 

Step 5 The CO Code Administrator will input LERG Assignee information into
the ACD record of BIRRDS, using Central Office Code (NXX) Assignment Request Part 1 form data (NPA, NXX, OCN, and Effective Date.). 

Step 6 Within seven calendar days of receipt of the NXX Code assignment
from the CO Code Administrator, the PA will inform the LERG Assignee of the
NXX Code and thousands-block(s) assigned using the Thousands-Block
Application Forms, Part 3 Pooling Administrator s Response/Confirmation. 

During this seven -day interval, the PA will input all ten
thousands-blocks
into PAS and assign the requested number of blocks per the SP s Part 1A
form. All other blocks from this code will be listed as pending
verification of activation in the PSTN and be available for assignment
listed as pending verification of activation in the PSTN and be until the
PA receives confirmation from the LERG Assignee that the code has been
activated in the PSTN, loaded in the NPAC, and all other LERG Assignee
Responsibilities have been fulfilled. 

As an option, and at the request of a block applicant, the PA may
assign a
block(s) from the code with a block effective date one business day after 

- 6 - 

the effective date of the code, if a block applicant selects the checkbox on
the Part 1A that indicates that the block applicant explicitly understands
that the underlying CO code may not yet be activated in the PSTN and loaded in
the NPAC on the block effective date. Regardless of whether this option is
utilized, it is still advisable for block recipients to make a test call and
ensure that default routing has been established by the LERG Assignee before
loading the assigned blocks into translations, and to verify that the NXX has
been loaded in the NPAC. 

The PA will build the BCD record for thousands-block(s) being
assigned to the LERG Assignee. The information entered on the BCD record will
include OCN of the Block Holder, the thousands-block range, switch ID and
thousands-block Effective Date. The Effective Date for all thousands-block(s)
assigned to the LERG Assignee will be the same as the Effective Date of the
CO Code unless the SP requests a date further out. 

Step 7 (concurrent with Step 6) Within seven (7) calendar days of
notification by the CO Code Administrator, the LERG Assignee, or its
designee, will input Part 2 information from the Central Office Code
(NXX) Assignment Request into BIRRDS. 

TBPAG Part 1A 

1.3 
 
 Dates 

Date of Application:
 
Requested Block Effective
Date: 

Request Expedited Treatment? (See Section 8.6) Yes
 
No 

By selecting this checkbox, I acknowledge that I am requesting the
earliest possible effective date the Administrator can grant. Please note that
this only applies to a reduction in the Administrator s processing time,
however the request will still be processed in the order received. 

4 The Proposed Solution 

The National Pooling Administrator has reviewed the changes to the TBPAG to determine whether and
how they will impact either the pooling operations or the Pooling Administration System (PAS). As
a result of our assessment, we developed the following proposed solution to address the changes
that the INC guidelines require, in a cost-effective and efficient manner.

The amendments to the TBPAG relating to the CO Code processing time, will necessitate updates to
the effective date interval in PAS for both the GUI and FTP interfaces. The standard effective date
interval will change from 72 calendar days to 66 calendar days. PAS will now default to the new
standard effective date of 66 calendar days from the date of application for CO

- 7 - 

codes. The user will have the option to change the standard effective date if desired. PAS will
also validate that the requested effective date is no less than 66 calendar days if the applicant
does not choose expedited treatment.

In addition, a new checkbox will be added to the Part 1 and Part 1A screens in PAS to allow the SP
to request the earliest possible effective date for all New Code Requests, Code Modification
Requests, Code Disconnect Requests, New Block Requests, Block Modification Requests, and Block
Disconnect Requests. This capability will also be added to the FTP interface. This checkbox will
be added to the viewable Part 1 and Part 1A forms in PAS. Also this checkbox will be added to the
PA s Part 3 processing screen in PAS to assist the PA in determining the earliest effective date
to establish for all New Block Requests, Block Modification Requests, and Block Disconnect
Requests.

User manuals will be updated as appropriate.

5 Assumptions and Risks 

Part of the Pooling Administrator s assessment of this change order is to identify the associated
assumptions and consider the risks that can have an impact on our operations.

This change order affects only the system, and would have no impact on our day-to-day
operations.

The implementation of this change order will be coordinated with NANPA.

6 Cost 

In developing this proposal, we considered the costs associated with implementing the proposed
solution, including the resources required to complete discrete milestones on a timeline for
implementation. The timeline includes preparation, development, testing, proper documentation
updates, monitoring, and execution of the solution.

The cost of modifying the system to implement the changes to the TBPAG will be 9504.00.

7 Conclusion 

This change order proposal presents a viable solution that addresses the amendments to the TBPAG
and is consistent with the terms of our contract. We respectfully request that the FCC review and
approve this change order.

- 8 - 

National Pooling Administration 

Contract #CON07000005 

Change Order Proposal #3 

(User-Proposed Enhancements to PAS) 

September 8, 2008

NeuStar, Inc.

46000 Center Oak Plaza 

Sterling VA, 20166 

Table of Contents 

1 Introduction

3 

2 Users Proposed Enhancements

3 

3 The Proposed Solution

4 

4 Assumptions and Risks

5 

5 Cost

5 

6 Conclusion

5 

- ii - 

1 Introduction 

1.1 Purpose and Scope 

In accordance with NeuStar s National Pooling Administration contract 1 and our constant
effort to provide the best support and value to both the FCC and the telecommunications industry,
NeuStar, as the National Pooling Administrator (PA), hereby submits this change order proposal to
the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for approval. This change order complies with the
contractual requirements set forth in Clause C.1 of the CONTRACT FOR POOLING ADMINISTRATION
SERVICES FOR THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION, effective August 15, 2007.

2 Users Proposed Enhancements 

Users of the Pooling Administration System (PAS) sometimes suggest changes to either our
administrative process or to PAS. This change order consists of several requests from both service
provider users of PAS and NOWG members to enhance the functionalities of PAS. The following five
(5) items describe the enhancements that the users are requesting:

1. 
 
 The current Part 1A report in PAS allows a user to view all Part 1 As for all block
request
types and full NXX requests only. With the addition of the PAS/NAS interface and the
ability to submit code modifications and code disconnects through PAS, it has been
requested that the Part 1A report be modified in PAS to also include code modifications
and code disconnect requests. 

2. 
 
 The Block Report is on the public (i.e. non-password-protected) pooling website. The
block report identifies blocks that are currently assigned, retained, and available within
an
NPA and rate center. It has been requested that the block report now include an
additional column that indicates who the Code Holder is for an available block. 

3. 
 
 Users have the capability to reset their respective passwords in PAS. When the
password is reset by the user, the Login Id and new password are displayed to the user in
a white font with a blue background, which a few users find hard to read. It has been
requested that the color of the font be changed. 

4. 
 
 Service providers are allowed to maintain a six-month inventory of numbers in each
pooled rate center in which they operate. They are required to donate blocks in pooled
rate centers that are above and beyond their six month inventory that are 10 or less
contaminated. It has been requested that further automated validations (e.g., rate center
and OCN) be added at the time the user submits its donation to assure that the donation
will not be rejected later when the PA processes the donation. 

5. 
 
 A service provider must submit a Part 4 on every assigned block within six months of
the
original Part 3 effective date. At this time, each Part 4 is submitted individually. It has 

1 
 
 FCC Contract Number CON07000005 

- 3 - 

been requested that PAS be enhanced to allow a user to submit multiple Part 4s at the same
time on one screen. 

3 The Proposed Solution 

The National Pooling Administrator has reviewed the users requests from both their operational and
technical perspectives. As a result of our assessment, we developed the following proposed
solutions to address the changes that the users recommended, in a cost-effective and efficient
manner.

1. 
 
 The Part 1A report that currently exists in PAS will be modified to include code
modifications as well as code disconnects. The report will also be renamed from Part IA 
Report to Part 1/1A Report. 

2. 
 
 The block reports available on the public portion of the pooling website will be
modified
to include a new column called Code Holder for the Available Block Report and the
 Available, Assigned, and Retained Block Report. Also, when service providers submit
requests for blocks, they can view the Blocks Available list which will also include this
new column. 

3. 
 
 When a new password is generated in PAS, the Login ID and Password screen will be
modified to display the login id and password in a dark blue font. 

4. 
 
 PAS will be modified to validate the rate center and OCN of the code from which the
donation is being made, at the time the donation is submitted by the user. If the rate
center and/or the OCN do not match, an error message will be generated to the user and
the user will have the option to either correct or cancel the donation. 

5. 
 
 PAS will be modified to allow a user to enter multiple Part 4s in PAS during one
submission. The three new drop-down fields State, NPA and OCN will be added to
the Create Part 4 Block Screen in PAS. Users may select a specific state, NPA, or
OCN, or choose the Select All option, which will be based on their user profile. After the
users make their selections, a new Part 4s Due List screen will appear with a list of blocks
for which a Part 4 is still due. The user may submit one or multiple Part 4s from that
screen. 

The user manuals will be updated as appropriate and user training will be conducted on the
changes.

- 4 - 

4 Assumptions and Risks 

Part of the Pooling Administrator s assessment of this change order is to identify the associated
assumptions and consider the risks that can have an impact on our operations.

This change order affects only the system, and would have no impact on our day-to-day
operations.

5 Cost 

In developing this proposal, we considered the costs associated with implementing the proposed
solution, including the resources required to complete discrete milestones on a timeline for
implementation. The timeline includes preparation, development, testing, proper documentation
updates, monitoring, and execution of the solution.

The cost of modifying the system to implement the changes to the PAS will be 20,736.00.

6 Conclusion 

This change order proposal presents viable solutions that address the suggestions made by users of
PAS and is consistent with the terms of our contract. We respectfully request that the FCC review
and approve this change order.

- 5 - 

</EX-10.3.1>

<EX-10.7.1>
 4
 w72883exv10w7w1.htm
 EX-10.7.1

exv10w7w1 

Exhibit 10.7.1 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMON SHORT CODE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This First Amendment 1 st Amendment ), to the Amended and Restated Common Short
Code License Agreement, dated as of the 16th day of December, 2008 between NeuStar, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, with offices located at 46000 Center Oak Plaza, Building X, Sterling, VA
20166 NeuStar and CTIA The Wireless Association CTIA ), a District of Columbia non-profit
corporation, located at 1400 16 th Street, NW, Suite 600, Washington, DC 20036.

WHEREAS, NeuStar entered into an Amended and Restated Common Short Code License Agreement
with the CTIA License Agreement dated June 2, 2008 to develop and maintain a database of
common short codes, to process common short code applications and assign common short codes to
applicants and to engage in other Registry Services on behalf of members of the wireless
industry;

WHEREAS, NeuStar and CTIA now desire to amend certain terms of the License Agreement to
change the application form by adding additional optional fields of information to be supplied by
Applicants and Registrants.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and
valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

I. Terms used in this 1 st Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same
meaning set forth in the License Agreement.

II. 
 
 CSC Version 3.0 Phase 1 

A. 
 
 NeuStar shall, either itself, or in conjunction with other third parties,
implement phase 1 of CSC version 3.0 which shall include the additional features and
functionality set forth in Attachment 1, attached hereto CSC 3.0 Phase 1 ). 

B. 
 
 For purposes of the License Agreement, the features and functionalities set
forth in CSC 3.0 Phase 1 shall be considered Enhancements as defined in Section 1.22
of the License Agreement. Therefore, the CSC 3.0 Phase 1 functionality shall be
considered Registry IP and owned exclusively by the Registry pursuant to Section 7.3
of the License Agreement. 

C. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, for the purposes of the License Agreement, the look
and feel of any Enhancements along with any CSC Data associated or related to CSC 3.0
Phase 1 shall be considered CSC Enhancements as defined in Section 1.17 of the
License Agreement. Therefore, the CSC Enhancements, which include the look and feel 
of CSC 3.0 Phase 1 and any related CSC Data generated by such functionality shall be
considered CSC Registry Rights and owned exclusively by CTIA, on behalf of all
Participating Carriers, pursuant to Section 7.1 of the License Agreement. 

III. Timeline / Milestones 

A. 
 
 Acceptance Review . Registry shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to make available CSC 3.0 Phase 1 to CTIA for the purposes of a demonstration, review,
evaluation and acceptance of the new form and functionality prior to the launch of CSC
3.0 Phase 1. 

Page 1 of 16

NeuStar will provide a recommended date for such review with at least five (5)
business days advance written notice to CTIA.

B. 
 
 CTIA shall attend a demonstration of the new functionality by NeuStar of CSC
3.0 Phase 1 to ensure that the CSC 3.0 Phase 1 meets the functional requirements set
forth in Attachment 1. In the event that any bugs or defects are found during the
review, CTIA shall report such bugs and/or defects to NeuStar in writing within 24
hours, excluding weekends and holidays, of the completion of the demonstration. CTIA
acknowledges that any Improvements (as defined below) to CSC 3.0 Phase shall only be
made to CSC 3.0 Phase 1 at a subsequent date pursuant to a separate statement of work
mutually agreed to by the Parties. For the purposes of the above, the following shall
apply: 

(1) 
 
 Registry shall fix all bugs that impairs CSC 3.0 Phase 1
critical functionality which are identified during the demonstration set forth
above as soon as reasonably practicable after such bugs are detected.
Registry shall provide periodic status updates to CTIA on a mutually agreeable
schedule. 

(2) 
 
 Registry shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy
any defects , identified during the demonstration that impairs CSC 3.0
Phase 1 critical functionality as soon as reasonable practicable after such
defects are identified. Subject to the above, CTIA understands and acknowledges
that the remedy of certain defects may have an impact on the ability to meet
the time tables set forth herein. If the remedy of any defect impacts the
delivery schedule, the parties may agree to either push back the final delivery
date or to remedy the defects in the following release as mutually agreed to by
the Parties. 

(3) 
 
 For purposes of this First Amendment, Improvement means the
addition or modification of functionality or design to CSC 3.0 Phase I
amounting to more than fixing a bug or remedying a defects . In the event
that Improvements are requested by CTIA, Registry shall provide CTIA with a new
statement of work detailing the terms and conditions, including
costs and time table for implementation of such Improvements. 

C. 
 
 Provided that the time tables are met by both Parties as set forth above,
Registry shall use commercially reasonable efforts to launch CSC 3.0 Phase 1 on or
before April 4, 2009. 

D. 
 
 The dates set forth above are dependent on implementing only the
features and functionality set forth in Attachment 1 and requires that that the
second amendment referenced in Section VI below be executed by the Parties by no later
than January 9 th , 2009. If there is a delay in the signing and execution of
the second amendment, there may be a day for day delay in the delivery of the launch
date for CSC 3.0 Phase 1. In the event of any changes to the features and
functionality from those set forth in Attachment 1, the Parties shall negotiate a new
SOW which shall set forth a new later date for acceptance review and delivery. 

IV. 
 
 Fees. 

A. 
 
 In accordance with Article 9 of the License Agreement, all services to be
performed under this 1 st Amendment are intended to be on a time and
materials basis at the blended rate listed in Exhibit A of the License Agreement,
unless agreed otherwise in writing as fixed costs. 

Page 2 of 16

B. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, Registry has agreed to perform the work contemplated
hereunder for a fixed price of 188,000 Fixed Fee ). Such fee does not include
fees passed through by Registry to CTIA for the design and development efforts
associated with the CSCA Website and other electronic marketing material from
external third party(ies), which shall not exceed 75,000 absent written consent by
CTIA Design Fees ). 

C. 
 
 Upon the execution of this 1 st Amendment, Registry shall invoice
CTIA for fifty percent (50 of the Fixed Fee and shall invoice CTIA for the remainder
of the Fixed Fee as well as the total amount of the Design Fees upon completion of the
work set forth in this 1 st Amendment. CTIA shall pay to Registry all fees
by no later than thirty (30) days following the date on an invoice. Unless subject to
a good faith dispute, and then only if CTIA provides Registry with notice of the nature
of the dispute prior to the due date, any amounts not paid when due shall be assessed
interest at a monthly rate equal to one and one half percent (1.5 or the maximum rate
allowed by law, whichever is less, from the date the payment was due. 

V. The FAQs regarding CSC 3.0 Phase 1 that will be posted on the CSCA Website shall be mutually
agreed upon by the Parties as a Category 2 change in accordance with Section 6.6.8.2 of the
License Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, Registry shall provide draft FAQs to CTIA and CTIA
agrees to review and approve such FAQs and any associated additions and modifications within 10
days of original receipt of first submission of such FAQs;

VI. Second Amendment . The Parties shall negotiate in good faith towards the completion of a
second amendment to the License Agreement by no later than January 9 th , 2009 that
contains the implementation details and business rules related to the launch of CSC 3.0 Phase 1 Second Amendment ). More specifically, the Second Amendment will contain terms and conditions
surrounding (i) the enforcement of monitoring guidelines on Registrants and Content Providers, (ii)
changes to the Registrant Sublicense Agreement, (iii) changes to the applicable Service Level
Requirements and the Common Short Code Administration Guidelines, (iv) changes to the indemnity
obligations of CTIA covering claims from third parties against NeuStar related to the enforcement
of the monitoring guidelines, and (v) address the need to alleviate costs, if any, of an increase
in customer support related to this work. The Parties acknowledge that NeuStar shall not be
required to launch CSC 3.0 Phase 1 without these provisions in the Second Amendment being
mutually agreed upon and executed in advance of implementation.

VII. Termination of this SOW. In the event that either Party materially breaches this
1 st Amendment, and such breach remains uncured for a period of thirty (30) days, the
non-breaching Party may terminate this 1 st Amendment; provided however, that a material
breach under this 1 st Amendment shall not constitute a material breach of the License
Agreement

VIII. Except as specifically modified by this First Amendment, the terms and conditions of the
License Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

Page 3 of 16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this First Amendment to be duly executed as of the
date first written above.

NEUSTAR, INC 

CTIA 

By:

Name: Bradley Smith

By:

Name: Michael Altschul

Title: VP and Corporate Controller

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel 

Date: Dec 19, 2008

Date: Dec 17, 2009 

Page 4 of 16

ATTACHMENT 1 
TO THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMON SHORT CODE AGREEMENT 

CSC 3.0 PHASE 1 REQUIREMENTS 

I. Terms and Abbreviations 

Terms and abbreviations used within this document are listed below.

Term 
 
 Description 

CTIA Monitoring
Agent

The organization selected by CTIA to perform Registry
Campaign monitoring. 

Standardized
Campaign
Application or
SCA

The Standardized Campaign Application is a new set of
application data that has been defined by the industry and
meets the needs of all carriers for approving CSC campaigns
and provisioning CSCs. The expectation is that when this
data is collected by Registry there will be no additional
Campaign data needed by an individual carrier (see Appendix
A). If additional information is needed by any one
individual carrier, a request will be made to Registry at a
subsequent date pursuant to a separate SOW mutually agreed
upon by both parties and this request will be incorporated
into the SCA 

SCA Basic
Information

That portion of the SCA that contains the Applicant s
business and technical contact data 

SCA Campaign Data

That portion of the SCA which is variable and supports one
or more Campaigns associated with a CSC 

SCA CSC Detail

CSC specific data such as Term, Application ID and number
of campaigns associated with the CSC. 

SCA Data

All of the data contained within the SCA including both the
SCA Campaign Data as well as the SCA General Data 

SCA General Data

That portion of the SCA which is fixed and contains the SCA
Basic Information, SCA Customer Service, and SCA CSC Detail 

Content Provider

Content Provider is that entity whose content is being
marketed or provided over a particular CSC or Campaign on a
CSC. It is also the entity who will be associated with any
Red Flag Indicator. 

CSC Content
Provider

The Content Provider associated with the CSC; this Content
Provider field is required in order to lease any CSC 

CSC Campaign
Content Provider

The Content Provider whose content is associated with a
particular Campaign on a CSC. 

Delegate User

The entity whom the Registrant of the Lease provides access
to the Registrant s Campaign(s) for purposes of completing
the CSC Application 

Red Flag
Indicator
(Restricted
User)

A flag applied by CTIA s Monitoring Agent associated with a
specific Content Provider 

Token

Token is a unique alphanumeric key or identifier used
to allow a Delegate User to access campaign level data on
behalf of an Applicant. 

Page 5 of 16

I. Assumptions 

The following assumptions were applied to CSC 3.0 Phase 1 requirements and form the basis of
the functional requirements set forth in IV below.

Registry will redesign the CSC application and review process to accommodate a multiple
step application process towards the submission of a complete application including: Step
1: Create/Save; Step 2 Lease CSC; and Step 3 Submit Application as complete (for review by
NeuStar Customer Support and submission to CTIA Monitoring Agent and Carriers) 

Regarding Step 2 above, NeuStar will only require that information deemed necessary by
the Parties to Lease a CSC and process associated payment, including the CSC Basic
Information and the CSC Content Provider. 

Regarding Step 3 above, all application fields except those specifically marked
optional will be required to be completed by an applicant; the application will then be
reviewed by NeuStar customer support for completeness as will be defined in the
Administration Guidelines 

Any SCA Data may be updated after approved, except for the CSC itself and the CSC
Content Provider 

The current daily spreadsheet will not contain any SCA Data. The Weekly Carrier and
Aggregator Reports as listed in Exhibit G of the Restated Common Short Code License
Agreement will be modified to only include the first listed Aggregator on the first listed
Campaign from the Application. Appendix B outlines the fields that will be included in the
daily spreadsheet as well as carrier and aggregator weekly reports. These daily and weekly
reports attached herein as Appendix B replace those in Exhibit G of the Amended and
Restated Common Short Code License Agreement. 

All existing reports and any new reporting will be addressed at a subsequent date
pursuant to a separate SOW mutually agreed upon by both parties 

The current approved and pending .CSV files will be eliminated since the Registry shall
provide a daily XML file of all approved SCA Campaign Data to the CTIA Monitoring Agent and
the Carriers. The Parties acknowledge that an API to the above data is not within the scope
of this 1 st Amendment, but may be incorporated into a future SOW mutually agreed
by the Parties. 

A Delegate User will not be able to modify the SCA Basic Information section of the SCA
when they are editing using a Token. The only information the Token allows a Delegate User
to edit is SCA Campaign Data. 

NeuStar will accept a daily file from the Monitoring Agent which contains Red Flag
Indicators based on Content Provider. 

Auto-renew functionality will be changed in this release to require all auto-renew
applicants to complete their SCA data for all renewals; therefore notices will be changed
to notify the applicant it needs to edit and complete their application prior to
auto-renewal of their codes. 

The Registry will not send any email notifications when a Content Provider is found in
Red Flag Indictor Status or cleared from Red Flag Indicator Status. All red flag related
notices will be handled by the CTIA Monitoring Agent. 

The XML Campaign data file distributed to the Carriers will be identical to the file
distributed to the CTIA Monitoring Agent. 

Page 6 of 16

III. Release Description 

CSC 3.0 Phase 1 is designed to facilitate the entry of the new SCA Data to be delivered to the
Carriers and CTIA Monitoring Agent, eliminate duplicate information and create a single
authoritative Registry of record for all campaign data related to a CSC through the use of a single
application process. Applicants will have the option to (1) Create and Save a draft application,
(2) Lease a CSC and receive assignment of CSC prior to full completion of Campaign(s), and (3)
Submit for approval a completed application to the Monitoring Agent and Carrier(s). Once and the
application is complete and reviewed and marked as approved by NeuStar Customer Support the SCA
Data shall be provided to the CTIA Monitoring Agent along with the Participating Carriers.

IV. Functional Requirements 

Requirement 

ID 
 
 Requirement 

1

The Registry shall support the new Standardized SCA. Appendix
A contains the SCA. 

2

The Registry shall retain all data captured in pre-3.0
applications even if that data is no longer in the SCA. 

3

The Registry shall map pre-3.0 application Campaign data into
the first Campaign for the CSC. 

4

The Registry shall map Content Provider to both the CSC
Content Provider and the Content Provider on the first
Campaign. 

5

The Registry shall include a CSC Content Provider in the SCA
CSC Detail 

6

The Registry shall not allow the CSC Content Provider to be
changed once the application has been approved by Customer
Support for payment. 

7

The Registry shall not allow the CSC Content Provider to be
changed on subsequent RENEW applications. 

8

The Registry shall not include SCA Campaign Data in the
current daily spreadsheet report with one entry per CSC. 

9

The Registry shall eliminate the current pending and approved
CSV files. 

10

The Registry shall include the additional data in the CTIA
escrow file. 

11

The Registry shall collect the Campaign specific data defined
in Appendix A. 

12

The Registry shall allow multiple Campaigns to be listed in an
SCA. 

13

The Registry shall require one keyword to be associated to a
Campaign per the SCA. 

14

The Registry shall allow the Applicant to delete a Campaign
from a CSC prior to being approved for provisioning. 

15

The Registry shall inform the CTIA Monitoring Agent that a
Campaign has been deactivated from the CSC. 

Page 7 of 16

Requirement 

ID 
 
 Requirement 

16

The Registry will allow Applicants to submit a NEW application for approval
and subsequently pay for the lease without any SCA Campaign data. 

17

The Registry shall start the lease period upon receipt of payment regardless
of when any associated Campaign data is submitted or approved. 

18

The Registry shall not notify Carriers and/or the CTIA Monitoring Agent that
a code is ready for provisioning upon the lease of a new CSC; rather this
notification will occur only upon NeuStar s customer support confirmation of
at least one Campaign on the CSC being deemed complete based on the
Administrative Guidelines 

19

The Registry shall allow an Applicant to enter multiple aggregators for a
Campaign. 

20

The Registry shall require at least one aggregator on all Campaigns. 

21

The Registry shall limit the number of aggregators on a Campaign to 6. 

22

The Registry shall allow an aggregator to be associated to multiple carriers
for a Campaign. 

23

The Registry shall allow for an Applicant to grant access to Delegate Users
who can view and update one or more Campaigns and associated data to CSCs on
their behalf. 

24

The Registry shall restrict a Delegate User from viewing Campaigns for which
they have not been given access. 

25

The Registry shall restrict Delegate User updates to SCA Campaign Data only. 

26

The Registry shall allow Delegate Users to view but not update non-Campaign
CSC data for any CSC which they been granted access. 

27

The Registry shall not allow Delegate Users to create new Campaigns. 

28

The Registry shall allow CSC registration data to be updated at any point
during the active CSC lifecycle (prior to the completion of the ageing off
period after expiration). 

29

The Registry shall allow only the Applicant to update the CSC Basic Data. 

30

The Registry shall not allow changes to the CSC Content Provider, the CSC(s)
or the term once the application has been approved for payment by Customer
Support. 

31

The Registry shall allow the applicant and Delegate User to update the SCA
Campaign Data. 

32

The Registry shall not allow a Delegate User to update the following Campaign
data: 

SCA CSC Detail

 SCA Basic Information

Page 8 of 16

Requirement 

ID 
 
 Requirement 

SCA Campaign Data Contact Detail

33

The Registry shall provide the capability for an applicant or Delegate User to mark the updated Campaign
Data as complete and ready for the Registry Customer Support review and approval for reasonable
completeness. 

34

The Registry shall require Customer Support approval of changed Campaign Data prior to being sent to the
CTIA Monitoring Agent and/or the carriers. 

35

The Registry shall allow the updated Campaign Data to be saved without being submitted for distribution. 

36

The Registry shall not allow changes to campaign data once the CSC has aged-off. 

37

The Registry shall provide a daily XML file of all approved Campaign data to the CTIA Monitoring Agent and
to individual Carriers. 

38

The Registry shall have an interface with the CTIA Monitoring Agent to obtain Red Flag Indicators of CSCs
and/or Content Providers who are in violation of CTIA Monitoring rules as required by the CTIA set forth in
the Second Amendment. 

39

The Registry shall handle the CSCs from red flagged Content Providers that have expired as follows (and as
will be further set out in the Second Amendment) : 

The CSC will remain in red flag status until the flag is cleared or until the CSC ages off.

Page 9 of 16

APPENDIX A 

SCA v1.9

Sugg. Data 
 
 Pull 

Field 
 
 Type 
 
 Down 
 
 Optional Values 
 
 Assumptions 

(fields are free
form alpha unless
otherwise stated) 

Submit Date:

date

System gen 

Last Update Date:

date

System gen 

Request Type:

alphanumeric

Y

New or Updated

System driven 

Company Name:

alphanumeric 

Contact Name:

alphanumeric 

Title/Role:

alphanumeric 

Address:

alphanumeric 

Primary Phone:

numeric 

Secondary Phone:

numeric 

Email:

alphanumeric 

Contact Name:

alphanumeric 

Title/Role: Technical Detail

alphanumeric 

Address:

alphanumeric 

Primary Phone:

numeric 

Secondary Phone:

numeric 

Email:

alphanumeric 

URL:

alphanumeric 

T Cs Location:

alphanumeric 

Email Address:

alphanumeric 

Phone:

numeric 

Live Operator:

boolean (Y/N) 

Hours of Operation:

alphanumeric 

Contact Type:

Operations,
Marketing, Acct
Mgmt

Y

Operations,
Marketing, Acct
Mgmt 

URL:

alphanumeric 

Email Address:

alphanumeric 

Phone:

numeric 

Live Operator:

boolean (Y/N) 

Hours of Operation:

alphanumeric 

Contact Type:

Operations,
Marketing, Acct
Mgmt

Y

Operations,
Marketing, Acct
Mgmt 

CSC

numeric

assume 1 only 

CSCA Application ID:

numeric

assume 1 only 

Page 10 of 16

Sugg. Data 
 
 Pull 

Field 
 
 Type 
 
 Down 
 
 Optional Values 
 
 Assumptions 

Campaign Name:

alphanumeric 

Keyword:

alphanumeric

unique by CSC; Only 1 value 

Content Rating:

alphanumeric

Y

Use current rating
options 

Third-Party Certification
Required:

boolean (Y/N)

Y

Y/N

Optional field 

Third Party Certification
Performed:

boolean (Y/N)

Y

Y/N

Optional field 

Aggregator Name:

reference data

Y

Populate based on CSCA
AG Ops
Contact

May be updated by Delegate 

Contact Name:

alphanumeric 

Title/Role:

alphanumeric 

Address:

alphanumeric 

Primary Phone:

numeric 

Secondary Phone:

numeric 

Email:

alphanumeric 

Content Provider Name:

alphanumeric

May be updated by Delegate
Applicant 

Contact Name:

alphanumeric 

Title/Role:

alphanumeric 

Address:

alphanumeric 

Primary Phone:

numeric 

Secondary Phone:

numeric 

Email:

alphanumeric 

Application Provider Name:

alphanumeric

May be updated by Delegate
Applicant 

Contact Name:

alphanumeric 

Title/Role:

alphanumeric 

Address:

alphanumeric 

Primary Phone:

numeric 

Secondary Phone:

numeric 

Email:

alphanumeric 

Brand/Agency Name:

alphanumeric

May be updated by Delegate
Applicant 

Media Name:

alphanumeric 

Addressable Market Size:

numeric 

Take Rate :

percentage

Y

Values 1 to 30 

Threshold:

boolean (Y/N) /industry
standard limit

Y

100,000, 100,000-
250,000, 250,000-
500,000, 500,000-
750,000, 750,000-
1,000,000, 1,000,000 

Program Frequency:

alphanumeric

Y

multi-day, daily,
weekly, monthly 

Page 11 of 16

Sugg. Data 
 
 Pull 

Field 
 
 Type 
 
 Down 
 
 Optional Values 
 
 Assumptions 

Media Types:

array / media
types

Y

TV, Radio, Print,
Outdoor, POS, Web,
Email, Mobile, In
Venue, On-Pack

may select multiple values 

Media Reach:

alphanumeric

Y

Local, Regional,
National

may select multiple values 

Media Location:

alphanumeric 
 
 Y

City entry is free form
and sta
is pull down 

TEST Traffic Start Date:

date

validate based on sys
d/t

Traffic Start Date:

date

validate based on sys
d/t 

Go Live Date:

date

validate based on sys
d/t 

End Date:

date

validate based on sys
d/t 

Peak Messaging Rate:

numeric /messages
per
second

Y

1 to 30 SMS/Sec 

Peak Traffic Busy Hour:

array of boolean
/ indicating all
hours by month

Y

Free form field

MOs per user:

numeric

Y 
 
 1-5 

MTs per user:

numeric

Y

1-5 

Are you controlling MTs?:

boolean (Y/N)

Y

Y/N 

Program Name:

alphanumeric 

Program Description:

alphanumeric 

Service Type:

Voting, Polling,
Trivia,
Sweepstakes,
Alerts, etc.

Y

See Service Type 
TAB

Only one value can be selected per Campaign 

Alias Keyword(s):

alphanumeric

Need to hold these
values in separate
fields or an array;
need to always default
STOP, END,
CANCEL,
UNSUBSCRIBE,
QUIT, HELP as
aliases and then allow
additional entry for
more aliases 

Page 12 of 16

Sugg. Data 
 
 Pull 

Field 
 
 Type 

Down 
 
 Optional Values 
 
 Assumptions 

CTA Opt-In:

alphanumeric

Y

Web, SMS, WAP, IVR 

WAP/Binary URL:

alphanumeric

May enter N/A

Field is required 

Content Domain URL:

alphanumeric

May enter N/A

Field is required 

Affiliate Marketing URL:

May enter N/A

Field is required 

Other Important Marketing URL:

May enter N/A

Field is required 

Call Flow Description:

alphanumeric

Need to allow for a large
free-form entry here 

Service Rate:

Standard, FTEU,
Premium

Y

Standard, FTEU, or Premium

Only one value can
be select per Campaign 

Billing Type:

alphanumeric

Y

Subscription/Non-Subscription 

Price Point:

alphanumeric

Y

0.50, 0.99, 1.99, 2.99,
 3.99 

Frequency:

alphanumeric/one
time (per use),
weekly, monthly

Y

One-Time, Daily, Weekly,
Monthly 

Bill Description:

Text (30)

Free Form

Common field 

CBP Compliance:

boolean (Y/N)

Y 
 
 Y/N 

Page 13 of 16

APPENDIX B

I. Daily Reports: 

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Values 

CSC 

Common Short Code

Number 

SELECTED 

Is CSC Select or Random

Y/N 

AUTORENEW_OPTIN 

Is CSC opted-in to Auto Renew

Y/N 

TERM 

Term of CSC

3/6/12 

APPLICATIONTYPE 

What type of application

New/Renew 

EXPIRATIONDATE 

Date CSC expires

Date 

DEACTIVATIONDATE 

Date CSCA sends carriers deactivation
notices

Date 

AGEDDATE 

Date CSC becomes available to public

Date 

FIRST_NAME 

First name of Applicant/Registrant

Name 

LAST_NAME 

Last name of Applicant/Registrant

Name 

COMPANY 

Company name of Applicant/Registrant

Name 

ADDRESS1 

Address

Address 

ADDRESS2 

Address

Address 

CITY 

City

Address 

STATE 

State

Address 

ZIP 

ZIP Code

Address 

COUNTRY 

Country

Address 

PHONE 

Phone number of the Applicant/Registrant

Number 

EMAIL 

Email of the Applicant/Registrant

Email 

STATUS 

Current status of the application

- Approved 

- Waiting Payment 

- Pending Review 

- Rejected for Resubmit 

DUEDATE 

Application due date

Date 

OPTEDIN 

Is CSC opted-in to campaign directory

Y/N 

APPLICATIONID 

Current application ID

Number 

APPCREATEDDATE 

Current application create date

Date 

INVOICEDATE 

Date invoice was sent

Date 

APPROVEDDATE 

Application approved date

Date 

PAYMENTINTERVAL 

Number of days from application create
date to when customer pays for CSCs

Number 

PAYMENTMETHOD 

Method of payment

- Check 

- Transfer (wire) 

- Credit Card 

- Free Carrier Code 

-N/A 

PENDINGRENEW_APPID 

Pending renew application ID

Number 

PENDINGRENEW_AUTORENEW_OPTIN 

Pending renew application via Auto Renew

Y/N 

PENDINGRENEW_TERM 

CSC Term in the pending renew
application

Number 

Page 14 of 16

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Values 

PENDINGRENEW_STATUS 

Pending renew application status

- Pending Auto
Renewal 

- Waiting Payment 

- Pending Review 

- Rejected for
Resubmit 

PENDINGRENEW_INVOICEDATE 

Date renewal invoice was sent

Date 

PENDINGRENEW_AUTORENEW_ISSUE 

Issue types with Auto Renew application

- No Aggregator 

- No CC Profile 

PENDINGRENEW_AR_ISSUE_RFLAG 

Error code received from payment
processing company if credit card
charge fails

Free-Form Text 

PENDINGRENEW_AR_ISSUE_MESSAGE 

Message communicated back to the
customer via email notice based on the
error code

Free-Form Text 

CONTENTPROVIDER 

Content Provider s name

Name 

II. Weekly Reports . 

Worksheet Title: Deactivations 

Description: This worksheet lists the CSCs that have reached deactivation date during this
week and since the last report.

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Value 
 
 Change 

CSC 

Common Short Code

Number

No Change 

AGGREGATOR 

Aggregator Name

Name

Registry will
report the first
aggregator in the
first Campaign 

DEACTIVATION_DT 

Date CSC Reached
deactivation

Date

No Change 

EXPIRATION_DT 

Date CSC expired

Date

No Change 

CONTENT PROVIDER 

CSC-Content
Provider s Name

Name

Name 

Worksheet Title: Re-Activation 

Description: This worksheet lists the CSCs that had reached deactivation date and were
re-activated in the last week.

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Value 

CSC 

Common Short Code

Number

No Change 

AGGREGATOR 

Aggregator Name

Name

Registry will report the
first aggregator in the
first Campaign 

Page 15 of 16

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Value 

DEACTIVATION_DT 

Date CSC Reached
deactivation

Date

No Change 

PREV_DEACT_REPORT 

Date the previous report
was sent

Date

No Change 

REACTIVATION_DT 

Date CSC was re-activated

Date

No Change 

NEW EXPIRATION_DT 

Date CSC expires

Date

No Change 

CONTENT PROVIDER 

CSC-Content Provider s Name

Name

Name 

Worksheet Title: Aggregator Change 

Description: This worksheet lists the CSCs that in the last week had;

a) 
 
 the aggregator changed in the application while code is active 

b) 
 
 chose an aggregator on their renewal application 

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Value 

CSC 

Common Short Code

Number

No Change 

NEW_AGGREGATOR 

New Aggregator Name

Name

Registry will
report the first
aggregator in the
first Campaign 

OLD_AGGREGATOR 

Old Aggregator Name

Name

Registry will
report the first
aggregator in the
first Campaign 

CHANGE_DT 

The date the
aggregator name
changed

Date

No Change 

EXPIRATION_DT 

Date CSC expired

Date

No Change 

Worksheet Title: Activations 

Description: This worksheet lists the New CSCs that have been approved in CSCA since last report.

Field Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Value 

CSC

Common Short Code

Number

No Change 

AGGREGATOR

Aggregator Name

Name

Registry will report
the first aggregator
in the first Campaign 

EXPIRATION_DT

Date CSC expired

Date

No Change 

APPROVED_DT

Date CSC got approved

Date

No Change 

Page 16 of 16

</EX-10.7.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 w72883exv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1

exv21w1 

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Company Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

NeuStar GmbH

Germany 

NeuStar NGM Services, Inc.

Delaware 

NeuStar NGM Services Limited

United Kingdom 

NeuStar R D (Israel) Ltd.

Israel 

NeuStar (UK) Limited

United Kingdom 

UltraDNS Corporation

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 w72883exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No.
333-128418) pertaining to the 1999 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan of
NeuStar, Inc., and the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 151260) pertaining to the NeuStar, Inc.
Deferred Compensation Plan, of our reports dated March 2, 2009, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements and schedule of NeuStar, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting of NeuStar, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for
the year ended December 31, 2008.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP

McLean, Virginia 
March 2, 2009

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 w72883exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey E. Ganek, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NeuStar, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

March 2, 2009 
 /s/ Jeffrey E. Ganek

Jeffrey E. Ganek 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 w72883exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul S. Lalljie, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NeuStar, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

March 2, 2009 
 /s/ Paul S. Lalljie

Paul S. Lalljie 

Interim Chief Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 w72883exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

exv32w1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, each of the undersigned certifies that, to the best of his
knowledge:

1. 
 
 The annual report on Form 10-K of NeuStar, Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2008 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 Information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NeuStar,
Inc. 

March 2, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey E. Ganek

Jeffrey E. Ganek 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 2, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul S. Lalljie

Paul S. Lalljie 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement has been provided to NeuStar, Inc. and will be
retained by NeuStar, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.

</EX-32.1>

