<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090302_10-K_edgar_data_37808_0000950152-09-002050.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2057908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>431255</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11947</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1263726</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950152-09-002050.hdr.sgml : 20090302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090302145340
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-09-002050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FNB CORP/FL/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000037808
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				251255406
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31940
		FILM NUMBER:		09646984

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		F.N.B. CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		ONE F.N.B. BOULEVARD
		CITY:			HERMITAGE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16148
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-981-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		F.N.B. CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		ONE F.N.B. BOULEVARD
		CITY:			HERMITAGE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16148

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FNB CORP/PA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIZENS BUDGET CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19750909

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 DYOfE4i4MxoyqdTiGKt2dcPvm2WwkzdYh4/CYLmZMSAFafoKPyNBnMWc4HLWFL4F
 3UifgCufn6Se3wKKQS1iDQ==

 0000950152-09-002050.txt : 20090302

10-K
 1
 l35059ae10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 

Commission file number
 001-31940 

F.N.B. CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Florida 

25-1255406 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

One F.N.B. Boulevard, Hermitage, PA 

16148 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:

724-981-6000 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Name of Exchange on which
 Registered 

Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Exchange
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company. See definition of
 accelerated filer and large accelerated
 filer in Rule
 12b-2 of the
 Exchange Act.

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated 
 filer 

Smaller reporting
 company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding
 voting common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30,
 2008, determined using a per share closing price on that date of
 11.78, as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, was
 956,311,874.

As of January 31, 2009, the registrant had outstanding
 89,695,788 shares of common stock.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement of F.N.B. Corporation
 to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the Annual
 Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 20, 2009 (Proxy
 Statement) are incorporated by reference into Part III,
 items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14, of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2009.

INDEX 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business. 

3

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors. 

17

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

27

Item 2. 

Properties. 

27

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings. 

27

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders. 

27

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities. 

29

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data. 

31

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

33

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk. 

56

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

57

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

110

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures. 

110

Item 9B. 

Other Information. 

110

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance. 

111

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation. 

111

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

111

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence. 

111

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

111

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

112

Signatures 

113

Index to Exhibits 

115

EX-12 
 EX-21 
 EX-23 
 EX-31.1 
 EX-31.2 
 EX-32.1 
 EX-32.2 

2

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements: From time to time F.N.B.
 Corporation (the Corporation) has made and may continue to make
 written or oral forward-looking statements with respect to the
 Corporation s outlook or expectations for earnings,
 revenues, expenses, capital levels, asset quality or other
 future financial or business performance, strategies or
 expectations, or the impact of legal, regulatory or supervisory
 matters on the Corporation s business operations or
 performance. This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 (the Report) also includes forward-looking statements. With
 respect to all such forward-looking statements, see Cautionary
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information in Item 7
 of this Report. 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

The Corporation was formed in 1974 as a bank holding company.
 During 2000, the Corporation elected to become and remains a
 financial holding company under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of
 1999 (GLB Act). The Corporation has four reportable business
 segments: Community Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance and
 Consumer Finance. As of December 31, 2008, the Corporation
 had 225 Community Banking offices in Pennsylvania and Ohio and
 58 Consumer Finance offices in those states and Tennessee. The
 Corporation, through its Community Banking affiliate, also had 6
 commercial loan production offices in Pennsylvania and Florida
 and two mortgage loan production offices in Ohio and Tennessee
 as of that date.

On April 1, 2008, the Corporation completed its acquisition
 of Omega Financial Corporation (Omega), a diversified financial
 services company based in State College, Pennsylvania. On the
 acquisition date, Omega had 1.8 billion in assets, which
 included 1.1 billion in loans, and 1.3 billion in
 deposits. The all-stock transaction, valued at approximately
 388.2 million, resulted in the Corporation issuing
 25,362,525 shares of its common stock in exchange for
 12,544,150 shares of Omega common stock. The assets and
 liabilities of Omega were recorded on the Corporation s
 balance sheet at their fair values as of April 1, 2008, the
 acquisition date, and Omega s results of operations have
 been included in the Corporation s consolidated statement
 of income since then. Omega s banking subsidiary, Omega
 Bank, was merged into First National Bank of Pennsylvania
 (FNBPA) on April 1, 2008.

On August 16, 2008, the Corporation completed its
 acquisition of Iron and Glass Bancorp, Inc. (IRGB), a bank
 holding company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. On the
 acquisition date, IRGB had 301.7 million in assets, which
 included 168.8 million in loans, and 252.3 million
 in deposits. The transaction, valued at 83.7 million,
 resulted in the Corporation paying 36.7 million in cash
 and issuing 3,176,990 shares of its common stock in
 exchange for 1,125,026 shares of IRGB common stock. The
 assets and liabilities of IRGB were recorded on the
 Corporation s balance sheet at their fair values as of
 August 16, 2008, the acquisition date, and IRGB s
 results of operations have been included in the
 Corporation s consolidated statement of income since then.
 IRGB s banking subsidiary, Iron and Glass Bank, was merged
 into FNBPA on August 16, 2008.

The Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides a full range
 of financial services, principally to consumers and small- to
 medium-sized businesses in its market areas. The
 Corporation s business strategy focuses primarily on
 providing quality, community-based financial services adapted to
 the needs of each of the markets it serves. The Corporation
 seeks to maintain its community orientation by providing local
 management with certain autonomy in decision-making, enabling
 them to respond to customer requests more quickly and to
 concentrate on transactions within their market areas. However,
 while the Corporation seeks to preserve some decision-making at
 a local level, it has established centralized legal, loan review
 and underwriting, accounting, investment, audit, loan operations
 and data processing functions. The centralization of these
 processes has enabled the Corporation to maintain consistent
 quality of these functions and to achieve certain economies of
 scale.

As of December 31, 2008, the Corporation had total assets
 of 8.4 billion, loans of 5.8 billion and deposits of
 6.1 billion. See Item 7, Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations, and Item 8, Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data, of this Report.

3

Table of Contents 

Recent
 Developments 

On January 9, 2009, the Corporation received a
 100.0 million investment as part of its voluntary
 participation in the United States Treasury Department s
 (U.S. Treasury) Capital Purchase Program (CPP) implemented
 pursuant to the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act (EESA)
 enacted on October 3, 2008.

The CPP is a voluntary program implemented by the
 U.S. Treasury in October 2008 and is available to
 qualifying financial institutions. As part of the transaction
 completed on January 9, 2009, the U.S. Treasury
 purchased 100,000 shares of the Corporation s Fixed
 Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C
 (Preferred Series C Stock) and a warrant to purchase up to
 1,302,083 shares of the Corporation s common stock,
 for an aggregate purchase price of 100.0 million. The
 Preferred Series C Stock pays a cumulative dividend of 5 
 per annum for the first five years and 9 per annum thereafter.
 The dividends on the Preferred Series C Stock are payable
 quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15
 and November 15 of each year. In the event dividends on the
 Preferred Series C Stock are not paid in full for six
 dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the
 U.S. Treasury will have the right to elect two directors to
 the Corporation s Board of Directors and such right shall
 end when all accrued and unpaid dividends have been paid in
 full. The warrant has a ten year term and an exercise price of
 11.52 per share of the Corporation s common stock. The
 uniform terms and conditions for all CPP participants are
 publicly available at the U.S. Treasury website at: 
 http://www.treas.gov/press/releases/reports/document5hp1207.pdf. 

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase
 Agreement, the Corporation adopted the U.S. Treasury s
 standards for executive compensation and corporate governance
 for the period during which the U.S. Treasury holds the
 equity issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
 including the common stock that may be issued pursuant to the
 warrant. However, the Securities Purchase Agreement and all
 related documents may be amended unilaterally by the
 U.S. Treasury to comply with the American Recovery and
 Reinvestment Act of 2009, which was signed into law by the
 President on February 17, 2009, and which amended the
 executive compensation and corporate governance standards
 previously set forth by the EESA and subsequent
 U.S. Treasury regulations. The U.S. Treasury is
 expected to issue regulations to comply with those standards,
 which generally apply to the Corporation s top five most
 highly compensated employees, or senior executive officers, and
 extend in certain contexts to cover up to the next twenty most
 highly compensated employees.

The standards include (1) ensuring that incentive
 compensation for senior executive officers does not encourage
 unnecessary and excessive risks that threaten the value of the
 institution; (2) requiring the clawback of any bonus,
 retention award, or incentive compensation paid to a senior
 executive officer or any of the next twenty most highly
 compensated employees based on statements of earnings, revenues,
 gains, or other criteria that are later found to be materially
 inaccurate; (3) agreeing not to deduct for tax purposes
 executive compensation in excess of 500,000 for each senior
 executive officer; (4) prohibiting severance payments to a
 senior executive officer or any of the next five most highly
 compensated employees; (5) prohibiting the payment or
 accrual of any bonus, retention award, or incentive compensation
 to a senior executive officer (except for payments of long-term
 restricted stock, provided that the award does not vest while
 the U.S. Treasury s funds are outstanding and the
 award does not have a value greater than one third of the
 receiving employee s total annual compensation);
 (6) prohibiting any compensation plan that encourages
 manipulation of the financial institution s reporting
 earnings to enhance the compensation of any of its employees;
 (7) requiring the establishment of a Board Compensation
 Committee comprised entirely of independent directors, for the
 purpose of reviewing employee compensation plans, which must
 meet at least semiannually to discuss and evaluate employee
 compensation plans in light of any risk posed by such plans to
 the financial institution; (8) requiring the chief
 executive officer and chief financial officer of the financial
 institution to file a written certification of compliance with
 these standards with its annual filings required under the
 securities laws; (9) adopting a company-wide policy
 regarding excessive or luxury expenditures; (10) permitting
 a separate, non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation
 of executives as disclosed pursuant to the compensation
 disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (SEC); and (11) allowing the U.S. Treasury Secretary
 to review bonuses, retention awards, and other compensation paid
 to a senior executive officer or any of the next twenty most
 highly compensated employees prior to February 17, 2009, to
 determine whether any such payment was inconsistent with the
 purposes of the TARP or was otherwise contrary to the public
 interest, and if so, to engage in negotiations with the
 financial institution and the receiving employee for appropriate
 reimbursement to the federal government.

4

Table of Contents 

The standards above do not apply to prohibit any bonus payment
 required to be paid pursuant to a valid written employment
 contract executed on or before February 11, 2009.

The executive compensation and corporate governance restrictions
 will apply so long as the U.S. Treasury owns any of the
 Corporation s debt or equity securities acquired in
 connection with the transactions described herein, including the
 Preferred Series C Stock or any shares of the
 Corporation s common stock issued upon exercise of the
 warrant; however, the restrictions will not apply during any
 period in which the U.S. Treasury only holds the warrant to
 purchase the Corporation s common stock. Accordingly, the
 Corporation could be subject to these restrictions for an
 indefinite period of time. Further, the Securities Purchase
 Agreement and all related documents may be further amended
 unilaterally by the U.S. Treasury to the extent required to
 comply with any changes to the applicable federal statutes. Any
 such amendments may provide for additional executive
 compensation and corporate governance standards or modify the
 standards set forth above.

Business
 Segments 

In addition to the following information relating to the
 Corporation s business segments, information is contained
 in the Business Segments footnote in the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this
 Report. As of December 31, 2008, the Community Banking
 segment consisted of a regional community bank. The Wealth
 Management segment, as of that date, consisted of a trust
 company, a registered investment advisor and a subsidiary that
 offered broker-dealer services through a third party networking
 arrangement with a non-affiliated licensed broker-dealer entity.
 The Insurance segment consisted of an insurance agency and a
 reinsurer as of that date. The Consumer Finance segment
 consisted of a multi-state consumer finance company as of that
 date.

Community
 Banking 

The Corporation s Community Banking segment consists of
 FNBPA, which offers services traditionally offered by
 full-service commercial banks, including commercial and
 individual demand, savings and time deposit accounts and
 commercial, mortgage and individual installment loans.

The goal of Community Banking is to generate high quality,
 profitable revenue growth through increased business with its
 current customers, attract new customer relationships through
 FNBPA s current branches and loan production offices and
 expand into new and existing markets through de novo branch
 openings, acquisitions and the establishment of additional loan
 production offices. Consistent with this strategy, on
 August 16, 2008, April 1, 2008 and May 26, 2006,
 the Corporation completed its acquisitions of IRGB, Omega and
 The Legacy Bank (Legacy), respectively. For information
 pertaining to these acquisitions, see the Mergers and
 Acquisitions footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this Report. In
 addition, the Corporation considers Community Banking a
 fundamental source of revenue opportunity through the
 cross-selling of products and services offered by the
 Corporation s other business segments.

As of December 31, 2008, the Corporation operates its
 Community Banking business through a network of
 225 branches in Pennsylvania and Ohio, including eight
 branches acquired in the IRGB acquisition and 62 branches
 acquired in the Omega acquisition.

Community Banking also includes five commercial loan production
 offices in Florida, one commercial loan production office in
 Pennsylvania, one mortgage loan production office in Ohio and
 one mortgage loan production office in Tennessee. The
 underwriting for all loan production offices is centrally
 performed.

The lending philosophy of Community Banking is to establish high
 quality customer relationships while minimizing credit losses by
 following strict credit approval standards (which include
 independent analysis of realizable collateral value),
 diversifying its loan portfolio by industry and borrower and
 conducting ongoing review and management of the loan portfolio.
 Commercial loans are generally made to established businesses
 within the geographic market areas served by Community Banking.

No material portion of the loans or deposits of Community
 Banking has been obtained from a single or small group of
 customers, and the loss of any one customer s loans or
 deposits or a small group of customers loans or deposits
 by Community Banking would not have a material adverse effect on
 the Community Banking segment

5

Table of Contents 

or on the Corporation. The substantial majority of the loans and
 deposits have been generated within the geographic market areas
 in which Community Banking operates.

Wealth
 Management 

The Corporation s Wealth Management segment delivers
 comprehensive wealth management services to individuals,
 corporations and retirement funds as well as existing customers
 of Community Banking. Wealth Management provides services to
 individuals and businesses located within the Corporation s
 geographic markets.

The Corporation s Wealth Management operations are
 conducted through three subsidiaries of the Corporation. The
 Corporation s trust subsidiary, First National
 Trust Company (FNTC), provides a broad range of personal
 and corporate fiduciary services, including the administration
 of decedent and trust estates. As of December 31, 2008, the
 market value of trust assets under management was approximately
 2.1 billion. FNTC is required to maintain certain minimum
 capitalization levels in accordance with regulatory
 requirements. FNTC periodically measures its capital position to
 ensure all minimum capitalization levels are maintained.

The Corporation s Wealth Management segment also includes
 two other wholly-owned subsidiaries. First National Investment
 Services Company, LLC offers a broad array of investment
 products and services for customers of Wealth Management through
 a networking relationship with a third-party licensed brokerage
 firm. F.N.B. Investment Advisors, Inc. (Investment Advisors), an
 investment advisor registered with the SEC, offers customers of
 Wealth Management objective investment programs featuring mutual
 funds, annuities, stocks and bonds.

No material portion of the business of Wealth Management has
 been obtained from a single or small group of customers, and the
 loss of any one customer s business or the business of a
 small group of customers by Wealth Management would not have a
 material adverse effect on the Wealth Management segment or on
 the Corporation.

Insurance 

The Corporation s Insurance segment operates principally
 through First National Insurance Agency, LLC (FNIA), which is a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation. FNIA is a
 full-service insurance brokerage agency offering numerous lines
 of commercial and personal insurance through major carriers to
 businesses and individuals primarily within the
 Corporation s geographic markets. The goal of FNIA is to
 grow revenue through cross-selling to existing clients of
 Community Banking and to gain new clients through its own
 channels.

The Corporation s Insurance segment also includes a
 reinsurance subsidiary, Penn-Ohio Life Insurance Company
 (Penn-Ohio). Penn-Ohio underwrites, as a reinsurer, credit life
 and accident and health insurance sold by the Corporation s
 lending subsidiaries. Additionally, FNBPA owns a direct
 subsidiary, First National Corporation, which offers title
 insurance products.

No material portion of the business of Insurance has been
 obtained from a single or small group of customers, and the loss
 of any one customer s business or the business of a small
 group of customers by Insurance would not have a material
 adverse effect on the Insurance segment or on the Corporation.

Consumer
 Finance 

The Corporation s Consumer Finance segment operates through
 its wholly-owned subsidiary, Regency Finance Company (Regency),
 which is involved principally in making personal installment
 loans to individuals and purchasing installment sales finance
 contracts from retail merchants. Such activity is primarily
 funded through the sale of the Corporation s subordinated
 notes at Regency s branch offices. The Consumer Finance
 segment operates in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Tennessee.

No material portion of the business of Consumer Finance has been
 obtained from a single or small group of customers, and the loss
 of any one customer s business or the business of a small
 group of customers by Consumer Finance would not have a material
 adverse effect on the Consumer Finance segment or on the
 Corporation.

6

Table of Contents 

Other 

The Corporation also has seven other subsidiaries. F.N.B.
 Statutory Trust I and F.N.B. Statutory Trust II were
 established by the Corporation to issue trust preferred
 securities to third-party investors. As a result of the Omega
 acquisition, the Corporation acquired Omega Financial Capital
 Trust I and Sun Bancorp Statutory Trust I, which also
 issue trust preferred securities to third-party investors.
 Regency Consumer Financial Services, Inc. and FNB Consumer
 Financial Services, Inc. are the general partner and limited
 partner, respectively, of FNB Financial Services, LP, a company
 established to issue, administer and repay the subordinated
 notes through which loans in the Consumer Finance segment are
 funded. F.N.B. Capital Corporation, LLC (FNB Capital) offers
 financing options for small- to medium-sized businesses that
 need financial assistance beyond the parameters of typical
 commercial bank lending products. Certain financial information
 concerning these subsidiaries, along with the parent company and
 intercompany eliminations, are included in the Parent and
 Other category in the Business Segments footnote in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report.

Market
 Area and Competition 

The Corporation primarily operates in Pennsylvania and
 northeastern Ohio. This area is served by several major
 interstate highways and is located at the approximate midpoint
 between New York City and Chicago. The primary market area
 served by the Corporation also extends to the Great Lakes
 shipping port of Erie, the Pennsylvania state capital of
 Harrisburg and the Greater Pittsburgh International Airport. The
 Corporation also has five commercial loan production offices in
 Florida, one commercial loan production office in Pennsylvania
 one mortgage loan production office in Ohio and one mortgage
 loan production office in Tennessee. In addition to Pennsylvania
 and northeastern Ohio, the Corporation s Consumer Finance
 segment also operates in northern and central Tennessee and
 central and southern Ohio.

The Corporation s subsidiaries compete for deposits, loans
 and financial services business with a large number of other
 financial institutions, such as commercial banks, savings banks,
 savings and loan associations, credit life insurance companies,
 mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, credit
 unions and commercial finance and leasing companies, many of
 which have greater resources than the Corporation. In providing
 wealth and asset management services, as well as insurance
 brokerage and merchant banking products and services, the
 Corporation s subsidiaries compete with many other
 financial services firms, brokerage firms, mutual fund
 complexes, investment management firms, merchant and investment
 banking firms, trust and fiduciary service providers and
 insurance agencies.

In Regency s market areas of Pennsylvania, Ohio and
 Tennessee, the active competitors include banks, credit unions
 and national, regional and local consumer finance companies,
 some of which have substantially greater resources than that of
 Regency. The ready availability of consumer credit through
 charge accounts and credit cards constitutes additional
 competition. In this market area, competition is based on the
 rates of interest charged for loans, the rates of interest paid
 to obtain funds and the availability of customer services.

The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly
 important competitive factor in the financial services industry.
 Technology is not only important with respect to delivery of
 financial services and protecting the security of customer
 information, but also in processing information. The Corporation
 and each of its subsidiaries must continually make technological
 investments to remain competitive in the financial services
 industry.

Mergers
 and Acquisitions 

See the Mergers and Acquisitions footnote in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report.

Employees 

As of January 31, 2009, the Corporation and its
 subsidiaries had 2,009 full-time and 488 part-time
 employees. Management of the Corporation considers its
 relationship with its employees to be satisfactory.

7

Table of Contents 

Government
 Supervision and Regulation 

The following summary sets forth certain of the material
 elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding
 companies and financial holding companies and their subsidiaries
 and to companies engaged in securities and insurance activities
 and provides certain specific information about the Corporation.
 The bank regulatory framework is intended primarily for the
 protection of depositors through the federal deposit insurance
 guarantee, and not for the protection of security holders.
 Numerous laws and regulations govern the operations of financial
 services institutions and their holding companies. To the extent
 that the following information describes statutory and
 regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by
 express reference to each of the particular statutory and
 regulatory provisions. A change in applicable statutes,
 regulations or regulatory policy may have a material effect on
 the business of the Corporation.

General 

The Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from its
 subsidiaries. As a financial holding company and a bank holding
 company, the Corporation is regulated under the Bank Holding
 Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHC Act), and is subject to
 inspection, examination and supervision by the Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). The Corporation
 is also subject to regulation by the SEC as a result of the
 Corporation s status as a public company and due to the
 nature of the business activities of certain of the
 Corporation s subsidiaries. The Corporation s common
 stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the
 trading symbol FNB and the Corporation is subject to
 the rules of the NYSE for listed companies.

The Corporation s subsidiary bank (FNBPA) and trust company
 (FNTC) are organized as national banking associations, which are
 subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Office
 of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). FNBPA is also subject
 to certain regulatory requirements of the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the FRB and other federal and
 state regulatory agencies, including requirements to maintain
 reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types and amounts
 of loans that may be granted and the interest that may be
 charged thereon, limitations on the types of investments that
 may be made, activities that may be engaged in and types of
 services that may be offered. In addition to banking laws,
 regulations and regulatory agencies, the Corporation and its
 subsidiaries are subject to various other laws and regulations
 and supervision and examination by other regulatory agencies,
 all of which directly or indirectly affect the operations and
 management of the Corporation and its ability to make
 distributions to its stockholders.

As a result of the GLB Act, which repealed or modified a number
 of significant statutory provisions, including those of the
 Glass-Steagall Act and the BHC Act which imposed restrictions on
 banking organizations ability to engage in certain types
 of activities, bank holding companies such as the Corporation
 now have broad authority to engage in activities that are
 financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity,
 including insurance underwriting and brokerage; merchant
 banking; securities underwriting, dealing and market-making;
 real estate development; and such additional activities as the
 FRB in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury
 determines to be financial in nature or incidental thereto. A
 bank holding company may engage in these activities directly or
 through subsidiaries by qualifying as a financial holding
 company. A financial holding company may engage directly
 or indirectly in activities considered financial in nature,
 either de novo or by acquisition, provided the financial holding
 company gives the FRB after-the-fact notice of the new
 activities. The GLB Act also permits national banks, such as
 FNBPA, to engage in activities considered financial in nature
 through a financial subsidiary, subject to certain conditions
 and limitations and with the approval of the OCC.

As a regulated financial holding company, the Corporation s
 relationships and good standing with its regulators are of
 fundamental importance to the continuation and growth of the
 Corporation s businesses. The FRB, OCC, FDIC and SEC have
 broad enforcement powers and authority to approve, deny or
 refuse to act upon applications or notices of the Corporation or
 its subsidiaries to conduct new activities, acquire or divest
 businesses or assets or reconfigure existing operations. In
 addition, the Corporation, FNBPA and FNTC are subject to
 examination by various regulators, which results in examination
 reports (which are not publicly available) and ratings that can
 impact the conduct and growth of the Corporation s
 businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with
 applicable laws and regulations, including bank secrecy and
 anti-money laundering requirements, but also loan quality and
 administration, capital levels, asset quality and risk
 management ability

8

Table of Contents 

and performance, earnings, liquidity and various other factors,
 including, but not limited to, community reinvestment. An
 examination downgrade by any of the Corporation s federal
 bank regulators could potentially result in the imposition of
 significant limitations on the activities and growth of the
 Corporation and its subsidiaries.

The FRB is the umbrella regulator of a financial
 holding company. In addition, a financial holding company s
 operating entities, such as its subsidiary broker-dealers,
 investment managers, merchant banking operations, investment
 companies, insurance companies and banks, are subject to the
 jurisdiction of various federal and state functional 
 regulators.

There are numerous laws, regulations and rules governing the
 activities of financial institutions and bank holding companies.
 The following discussion is general in nature and seeks to
 highlight some of the more significant of these regulatory
 requirements, but does not purport to be complete or to describe
 all of the laws and regulations that apply to the Corporation
 and its subsidiaries.

Interstate
 Banking 

Under the BHC Act, bank holding companies, including those that
 are also financial holding companies, are required to obtain the
 prior approval of the FRB before acquiring more than five
 percent of any class of voting stock of any non-affiliated bank.
 Pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching
 Efficiency Act of 1994 (Interstate Banking Act), a bank holding
 company may acquire banks located in states other than its home
 state without regard to the permissibility of such acquisitions
 under state law, but subject to any state requirement that the
 bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of
 time, not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the
 bank holding company, after the proposed acquisition, controls
 no more than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of
 insured depository institutions in the United States and no more
 than 30 percent or such lesser or greater amount set by
 state law of such deposits in that state.

Subject to certain restrictions, the Interstate Banking Act also
 authorizes banks to merge across state lines to create
 interstate banks. The Interstate Banking Act also permits a bank
 to open new branches in a state in which it does not already
 have banking operations if such state enacts a law permitting de
 novo branching. During 2008, the Corporation had one retail
 subsidiary national bank, FNBPA. FNBPA owns and operates eleven
 interstate branch offices within Ohio.

Capital
 and Operational Requirements 

The FRB, the OCC and the FDIC issued substantially similar
 risk-based and leverage capital guidelines applicable to United
 States banking organizations. In addition, these regulatory
 agencies may from time to time require that a banking
 organization maintain capital above the minimum levels, whether
 because of its financial condition or actual or anticipated
 growth.

The FRB s risk-based guidelines are based on a three-tier
 capital framework. Tier 1 capital includes common
 stockholders equity and qualifying preferred stock, less
 goodwill and other adjustments. Tier 2 capital consists of
 preferred stock not qualifying as Tier 1 capital, mandatory
 convertible debt, limited amounts of subordinated debt, other
 qualifying term debt and the allowance for loan losses of up to
 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets. Tier 3 capital
 includes subordinated debt that is unsecured, fully paid, has an
 original maturity of at least two years, is not redeemable
 before maturity without prior approval by the FRB and includes a
 lock-in clause precluding payment of either interest or
 principal if the payment would cause the issuing bank s
 risk-based capital ratio to fall or remain below the required
 minimum.

The Corporation, like other bank holding companies, currently is
 required to maintain Tier 1 capital and total capital (the
 sum of Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 capital) equal
 to at least 4.0 and 8.0 , respectively, of its total
 risk-weighted assets (including various off-balance-sheet
 items). Risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing
 Tier 1 and total capital by risk-weighted assets. Assets
 and off-balance sheet exposures are assigned to one of four
 categories of risk-weights, based primarily on relative credit
 risk. At December 31, 2008, the Corporation s
 Tier 1 and total capital ratios under these guidelines were
 9.69 and 11.13 , respectively. At December 31, 2008, the
 Corporation had 199.0 million of capital securities that
 qualified as Tier 1 capital and 10.5 million of
 subordinated debt that qualified as Tier 2 capital.

9

Table of Contents 

Bank holding companies and banks are also required to comply
 with minimum leverage ratio requirements. The leverage ratio is
 determined by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted average
 total assets (as defined for regulatory purposes). Although the
 stated minimum ratio is 100 to 200 basis points above three
 percent, banking organizations are required to maintain a ratio
 of at least five percent to be classified as well-capitalized.
 The Corporation s leverage ratio at December 31, 2008
 was 7.34 , and as such, the Corporation meets its leverage ratio
 requirements.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of
 1991 (FDICIA), among other things, classifies insured depository
 institutions into five capital categories (well-capitalized,
 adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly
 undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized) and requires
 the respective federal regulatory agencies to implement systems
 for prompt corrective action for insured depository
 institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements
 within such categories. FDICIA imposes progressively more
 restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital
 distributions, depending on the category in which an institution
 is classified. Failure to meet the capital guidelines could also
 subject a banking institution to capital-raising requirements,
 restrictions on its business and a variety of enforcement
 remedies, including the termination of deposit insurance by the
 FDIC, and in certain circumstances the appointment of a
 conservator or receiver. An undercapitalized bank
 must develop a capital restoration plan and its parent holding
 company must guarantee that bank s compliance with the
 plan. The liability of the parent holding company under any such
 guarantee is limited to the lesser of five percent of the
 bank s assets at the time it became
 undercapitalized or the amount needed to comply with
 the plan. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the
 parent holding company, the obligation under such guarantee
 would take priority over the parent s general unsecured
 creditors. In addition, FDICIA requires the various regulatory
 agencies to prescribe certain non-capital standards for safety
 and soundness relating generally to operations and management,
 asset quality and executive compensation and permits regulatory
 action against a financial institution that does not meet such
 standards.

The various regulatory agencies have adopted substantially
 similar regulations that define the five capital categories
 identified by FDICIA, using the total risk-based capital,
 Tier 1 risk-based capital and leverage capital ratios as
 the relevant capital measures. Such regulations establish
 various degrees of corrective action to be taken when an
 institution is considered undercapitalized. Under the
 regulations, a well-capitalized institution must
 have a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least six
 percent, a total risk-based capital ratio of at least ten
 percent and a leverage ratio of at least five percent and not be
 subject to a capital directive order. Under these guidelines,
 FNBPA was considered well-capitalized as of December 31,
 2008.

The federal bank regulatory authorities risk based capital
 guidelines are based upon the 1998 Capital Accord of the Basel
 Committee on Banking Supervision, or Basel I . In
 2004, federal bank regulators issued a proposed new framework
 for risk-based capital adequacy, sometimes referred to as
 Basel II. In July 2007, regulators announced their
 current plan for implementing the most advanced approach under
 Basel II for banks with over 250 billion in assets or
 over 10 billion in foreign exposure. In July 2008,
 regulators proposed rules allowing smaller financial
 institutions, such as the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries,
 to select between the current method of calculating risked-based
 capital Basel I and a standardized 
 approach under Basel II. As proposed, the Basel II
 standardized approach would lower risk weightings for certain
 categories of assets (including mortgages) from the weightings
 reflected in Basel I, but unlike Basel I would require an
 explicit capital charge for operational risk. The comment period
 for this standardized approach proposal expired on
 October 27, 2008, but the rule has not yet been finalized.
 The Corporation and its subsidiaries have not determined whether
 they will elect to apply the Basel II standardized approach.

When determining the adequacy of an institution s capital,
 federal regulators must also take into consideration
 (a) concentrations of credit risk; (b) interest rate
 risk (when the interest rate sensitivity of an
 institution s assets does not match the sensitivity of its
 liabilities or its off-balance sheet position) and
 (c) risks from non-traditional activities, as well as an
 institution s ability to manage those risks. This
 evaluation is made as a part of the institution s regular
 safety and soundness examination. In addition, the Corporation,
 and any bank with significant trading activity, must incorporate
 a measure for market risk in their regulatory capital
 calculations.

10

Table of Contents 

Deposit
 Insurance and Premiums 

The deposits of FNBPA are insured to the maximum extent
 permitted by the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered
 by the FDIC. Insured institutions are assigned to one of three
 capital groups which are based solely on the level of an
 institution s capital: well-capitalized, 
 adequately capitalized and
 undercapitalized. There are also three supervisory
 groups generally based on an institution s CAMELS composite
 rating. Assessment rates for insured institutions are determined
 semi-annually by the FDIC and as of December 31, 2008
 ranged from five basis points for well-capitalized and
 well-managed institutions with no substantial supervisory
 concerns to 43 basis points for undercapitalized
 institutions with substantial supervisory concerns.

In addition, all institutions with deposits insured by the FDIC
 are required to pay assessments to fund interest payments on
 bonds issued by the Financing Corporation, a mixed-ownership
 government corporation established to recapitalize a predecessor
 to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The assessment rate for the third
 quarter of 2008 was 0.0028 of insured deposits and is adjusted
 quarterly. These assessments will continue until the Financing
 Corporation s bonds mature in 2019.

On October 7, 2008, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan
 designed to replenish the Deposit Insurance Fund over a period
 of five years and to increase the deposit insurance reserve
 ratio, which had decreased to 1.01 of insured deposits on
 June 30, 2008, to the statutory minimum of 1.15 of insured
 deposits by December 31, 2013. In order to implement the
 restoration plan, the FDIC proposes to change both its
 risk-based assessment system and its base assessment rates.
 Under the FDIC s proposed restoration plan, new base
 assessment rates would increase in 2009. For the first quarter
 of 2009, rates would increase uniformly by 7 basis points.
 Beginning April 1, 2009, the rates would range from
 10-14 basis 
 points for Risk Category I institutions, such as FNBPA, to
 45 basis points for Risk Category IV institutions.
 Changes to the risk-based assessment system would include
 increasing premiums for institutions that rely on excessive
 amounts of brokered deposits, including the Promontory s
 Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services (CDARS),
 increasing premiums for excessive use of secured liabilities,
 including Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances, lowering
 premiums for smaller institutions with very high capital levels
 and adding financial ratios and debt issuer ratings to the
 premium calculations for banks with over 10 billion in
 assets, while providing a reduction for their unsecured debt.

Emergency
 Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 

Pursuant to the authority granted under the EESA, the Secretary
 of the Treasury created the CPP, enacted as part of the Troubled
 Asset Relief Program (TARP), under which the U.S. Treasury
 will invest up to 250 billion in senior preferred stock of
 qualifying U.S. banks and savings associations or their
 holding companies. Such financial institutions may issue senior
 preferred stock with a value equal to not less than 1 of
 risk-weighted assets and not more than the lesser of
 25 billion or 3 of risk-weighted assets. The senior
 preferred stock will pay dividends at a rate of 5 per annum
 until the fifth anniversary of the investment and thereafter at
 a rate of 9 per annum. The senior preferred stock may not be
 redeemed for three years except with the proceeds from an
 offering of common stock or preferred stock qualifying as
 Tier 1 capital in an amount equal to not less than 25 of
 the amount of the senior preferred. After three years, the
 senior preferred may be redeemed at any time in whole or in part
 by the financial institution. No dividends may be paid on common
 stock unless dividends have been paid on the senior preferred
 stock. Until the third anniversary of the issuance of the senior
 preferred stock, the consent of the U.S. Treasury will be
 required for any increase in the dividends on the common stock
 or for any stock repurchases unless the senior preferred stock
 has been redeemed in its entirety or the U.S. Treasury has
 transferred the senior preferred stock to third parties. The
 senior preferred stock will not have voting rights other than
 the right to vote as a class on the issuance of any preferred
 stock ranking senior to such stock, any change in its terms, or
 any merger, exchange or similar transaction that would adversely
 affect its rights. The senior preferred stock will also have the
 right to elect two directors to the financial institution s
 Board of Directors if dividends have not been paid for six
 periods, whether or not consecutive. The senior preferred stock
 will be freely transferable and participating institutions will
 be required to file a shelf registration statement covering the
 senior preferred stock. The issuing institution must grant the
 Treasury piggyback registration rights with respect to the
 senior preferred stock. Prior to issuance, the financial
 institution and its senior executive officers must modify or
 terminate all benefit plans and arrangements to comply with EESA
 requirements. Senior executives must also waive any claims
 against the U.S. Treasury.

11

Table of Contents 

In connection with the issuance of the senior preferred stock,
 participating institutions must issue to the U.S. Treasury
 immediately exercisable
 10-year 
 warrants to purchase common stock with an aggregate market price
 equal to 15 of the amount of the senior preferred stock. The
 exercise price of the warrants will equal the market price of
 the common stock on the date of the investment. The
 U.S. Treasury may only exercise or transfer one-half of the
 warrants prior to the earlier of December 31, 2009 or the
 date the issuing financial institution has received proceeds
 equal to the senior preferred investment from one or more
 offerings of common or preferred stock qualifying as Tier 1
 capital. The U.S. Treasury will not exercise voting rights
 with respect to any shares of common stock acquired through the
 exercise of the warrants. The financial institution must file a
 shelf registration statement covering the warrants and
 underlying common stock as soon as practicable after issuance
 and grant piggyback registration rights to the
 U.S. Treasury. The number of warrants will be reduced by
 one-half if the financial institution raises capital equal to
 the amount of the senior preferred through one or more offerings
 of common stock or preferred stock qualifying as Tier 1
 capital. If the financial institution does not have sufficient
 authorized shares of common stock available to satisfy the
 warrants or their issuance otherwise requires shareholder
 approval, the financial institution must call a meeting of
 shareholders for that purpose as soon as practicable after the
 date of investment. The exercise price of the warrants will be
 reduced by 15 for each six months that lapse before shareholder
 approval is obtained subject to a maximum reduction of 45 .

The Corporation has elected to participate in the CPP and the
 details concerning the Corporation s CPP participation are
 described under the Recent Developments caption in the Business
 section in Item 1 of this Report.

With respect to deposit insurance, the EESA authorizes the FDIC
 to increase the maximum deposit insurance amount up to 250,000
 until December 31, 2009, and removes the statutory limits
 on the FDIC s ability to borrow from the U.S. Treasury
 during this period. The FDIC has authorized the increase in the
 maximum deposit insurance amount. The FDIC, however, may not
 take the temporary increase in deposit insurance coverage into
 account when setting assessments. EESA allows financial
 institutions to treat any losses on certain sales or exchanges
 of the preferred stock of the Federal National Mortgage
 Association or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation as an
 ordinary loss for tax purposes. In a related action, the FDIC
 established a Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program (TLGP) under
 which the FDIC provides a guarantee for newly-issued senior
 unsecured debt and non-interest bearing transaction deposit
 accounts at eligible insured institutions. For non-interest
 bearing transaction deposit accounts, a 10 basis point
 annual rate surcharge will be applied to deposit amounts in
 excess of 250,000. The Corporation has elected to participate
 in the CPP and has opted to participate in the TLGP.

Financial
 Stability Plan 

On February 10, 2009, the U.S. Treasury announced the
 Financial Stability Plan, a program designed to further
 strengthen the financial system through additional capital
 injections into banks, creation of a public-private investment
 fund to purchase troubled assets, establishment of guidelines
 for mortgage modification, and the expansion of a FRB lending
 program aimed at small businesses and communities.

The Administration is expected to move rapidly to develop and
 expound the details of the Financial Stability Plan. The current
 plan fact sheet indicates that major
 U.S. banking organizations (those with assets in excess of
 100 billion) will be required to undergo a coordinated
 regulatory review which will include a comprehensive balance
 sheet stress test. In addition, the fact sheet
 indicates that the Financial Stability Plan will call for
 greater transparency, accountability, and conditionality for
 firms receiving assistance under the programs. However, it
 specifically provides that these new standards will apply going
 forward, and are not retroactive.

New
 Executive Compensation Requirements 

The TARP Reform and Accountability Act of 2009 modifies the
 restrictions on the Corporation with regard to standards for
 executive compensation and corporate governance for the period
 during which the U.S. Treasury holds the equity issued
 under the Securities Purchase Agreement, including the common
 stock which may be issued pursuant to the warrant, but not
 during any period during which the U.S. Treasury holds only
 warrants to purchase common stock of the Corporation. These
 standards generally apply to the top five most highly

12

Table of Contents 

compensated executives of the Corporation whose compensation is
 required to be disclosed under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, and any regulations issued thereunder.

The standards include (1) ensuring that incentive
 compensation for senior executives does not encourage
 unnecessary and excessive risks that threaten the value of the
 financial institution; and (2) required clawback of any
 bonus or incentive compensation paid to a senior executive based
 on statements of earnings, gains, or other criteria that are
 later proven to be materially inaccurate. In addition, during
 the period in which any obligation arising from the CPP remains
 outstanding, the standards shall also include
 (1) prohibition on making golden parachute payments to
 senior executives and the next five most highly-compensated
 employees of the Corporation, and (2) prohibition on paying
 or accruing any bonus, retention award, or incentive
 compensation, other than payment of long-term restricted stock
 meeting certain criteria, for certain employees of the financial
 institution. In the case of the Corporation, the latter
 prohibition shall apply to at least its five most
 highly-compensated employees. However, the prohibition does not
 apply retroactively to preexisting employment contracts.

The Corporation is required to establish a Board Compensation
 Committee comprised entirely of independent directors, which
 shall meet at least semiannually to review and evaluate employee
 compensation plans in light of the requirements. Finally, during
 the period in which any obligation arising from the CPP remains
 outstanding, the Corporation shall, in any proxy or consent or
 authorization for an annual or other meeting of the
 shareholders, permit a separate shareholder vote to approve the
 compensation of executives, but the vote shall not be binding
 on, and may not be construed as overruling a decision by, the
 board of directors.

Community
 Reinvestment Act 

The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, or the CRA, requires
 depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of
 their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking
 practices. Under the CRA, each depository institution is
 required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by,
 among other things, providing credit to low- and moderate-income
 individuals and communities. Depository institutions are
 periodically examined for compliance with the CRA and are
 assigned ratings. In order for a financial holding company to
 commence any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, or to
 acquire any company engaged in any new activity permitted by the
 BHC Act, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the
 financial holding company must have received a rating of at
 least satisfactory in its most recent examination
 under the CRA. Furthermore, banking regulators take into account
 CRA ratings when considering approval of a proposed transaction.

Financial
 Privacy 

In accordance with the GLB Act, federal banking regulators
 adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other
 financial institutions to disclose non-public information about
 consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These limitations
 require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some
 circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain
 personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. The privacy
 provisions of the GLB Act affect how consumer information is
 transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed
 to outside vendors.

Anti-Money
 Laundering Initiatives and the USA Patriot Act 

A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions
 in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and
 terrorist financing. The USA Patriot Act of 2001, or the USA
 Patriot Act, substantially broadened the scope of United States
 anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing
 significant new compliance and due diligence obligations,
 creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the
 extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The
 U.S. Treasury has issued a number of regulations that apply
 various requirements of the USA Patriot Act to financial
 institutions such as FNBPA. These regulations require financial
 institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and
 controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and
 terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their
 customers. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and
 implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and
 terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws
 or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational
 consequences for the institution.

13

Table of Contents 

Office of
 Foreign Assets Control Regulation 

The United States has instituted economic sanctions which affect
 transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and
 others. These are typically known as the OFAC rules 
 because they are administered by the U.S. Treasury Office
 of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The OFAC-administered
 sanctions target countries in various ways. Generally, however,
 they contain one or more of the following elements:
 (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a
 sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or
 indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country, and
 prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in
 financial transactions which relate to investments in, or
 providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a
 sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which
 the government or specially designated nationals of the
 sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of
 property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property
 in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked
 assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out,
 withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a
 license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could
 have serious legal and reputational consequences for the
 institution.

Consumer
 Protection Statutes and Regulations 

FNBPA is subject to many federal consumer protection statutes
 and regulations including the Truth in Lending Act, Truth in
 Savings Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act,
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Home Mortgage
 Disclosure Act. Among other things, these acts:

require banks to disclose credit terms in meaningful and
 consistent ways;

prohibit discrimination against an applicant in any consumer or
 business credit transaction;

prohibit discrimination in housing-related lending activities;

require banks to collect and report applicant and borrower data
 regarding loans for home purchases or improvement projects;

require lenders to provide borrowers with information regarding
 the nature and cost of real estate settlements;

prohibit certain lending practices and limit escrow account
 amounts with respect to real estate transactions; and

prescribe possible penalties for violations of the requirements
 of consumer protection statutes and regulations.

Dividend
 Restrictions 

The Corporation s primary source of funds for cash
 distributions to its stockholders, and funds used to pay
 principal and interest on its indebtedness, is dividends
 received from FNBPA. FNBPA is subject to federal laws and
 regulations governing its ability to pay dividends to the
 Corporation. FNBPA is subject to various regulatory policies and
 requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including
 requirements to maintain capital above regulatory minimums.
 Additionally, FNBPA requires prior approval of the OCC for the
 payment of a dividend if the total of all dividends declared in
 a calendar year would exceed the total of its net income for the
 year combined with its retained net income for the two preceding
 years. The appropriate federal regulatory agency may determine
 under certain circumstances that the payment of dividends would
 be an unsafe or unsound practice and prohibit payment thereof.
 In addition to dividends from FNBPA, other sources of parent
 company liquidity for the Corporation include cash and
 short-term investments, as well as dividends and loan repayments
 from other subsidiaries.

In addition, the ability of the Corporation and FNBPA to pay
 dividends may be affected by the various minimum capital
 requirements and the capital and non-capital standards
 established under FDICIA and the terms of the CPP, as described
 above. The right of the Corporation, its stockholders and its
 creditors to participate in any distribution of the assets or
 earnings of the Corporation s subsidiaries is further
 subject to the prior claims of creditors of the respective
 subsidiaries.

Source of
 Strength 

According to FRB policy, a financial or bank holding company is
 expected to act as a source of financial strength to each of its
 subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support each such
 subsidiary. Consistent with the

14

Table of Contents 

source of strength policy, the FRB has stated that,
 as a matter of prudent banking, a bank holding company generally
 should not maintain a rate of cash dividends unless its net
 income available to common stockholders has been sufficient to
 fully fund the dividends and the prospective rate of earnings
 retention appears to be consistent with the Corporation s
 capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition.
 This support may be required at times when a bank holding
 company may not be able to provide such support. Similarly,
 under the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Act, in the event of a loss suffered or anticipated by
 the FDIC either as a result of default of a banking subsidiary
 or related to FDIC assistance provided to a subsidiary in danger
 of default, the other banks that are members of the FDIC may be
 assessed for the FDIC s loss, subject to certain exceptions.

In addition, if FNBPA was no longer well-capitalized 
 and well-managed within the meaning of the BHC Act
 and FRB rules (which take into consideration capital ratios,
 examination ratings and other factors), the expedited processing
 of certain types of FRB applications would not be available to
 the Corporation. Moreover, examination ratings of 3 
 or lower, unsatisfactory ratings, lower capital
 ratios below well-capitalized levels, regulatory concerns
 regarding management, controls, assets, operations or other
 factors can all potentially result in practical limitations on
 the ability of a bank or bank holding company to engage in new
 activities, grow, acquire new businesses, repurchase its stock
 or pay dividends or continue to conduct existing activities.

Securities
 and Exchange Commission 

The Corporation is also subject to regulation by the SEC by
 virtue of the Corporation s status as a public company and
 due to the nature of the business activities of certain
 subsidiaries.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 contains important requirements
 for public companies in the area of financial disclosure and
 corporate governance. In accordance with section 302(a) of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, written certifications by the
 Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer are required with respect to each of the
 Corporation s quarterly and annual reports filed with the
 SEC. These certifications attest that the applicable report does
 not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The
 Corporation also maintains a program designed to comply with
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which includes the
 identification of significant processes and accounts,
 documentation of the design of process and entity level controls
 and testing of the operating effectiveness of key controls. See
 Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, of this Report for the
 Corporation s evaluation of its disclosure controls and
 procedures.

Investment Advisors is registered with the SEC as an investment
 advisor and, therefore, is subject to the requirements of the
 Investment Advisors Act of 1940 and the SEC s regulations
 thereunder. The principal purpose of the regulations applicable
 to investment advisors is the protection of investment advisory
 clients and the securities markets, rather than the protection
 of creditors and stockholders of investment advisors. The
 regulations applicable to investment advisors cover all aspects
 of the investment advisory business, including limitations on
 the ability of investment advisors to charge performance-based
 or non-refundable fees to clients, record-keeping, operating,
 marketing and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements,
 limitations on principal transactions between an advisor or its
 affiliates and advisory clients, as well as other anti-fraud
 prohibitions. The Corporation s investment advisory
 subsidiary also may be subject to certain state securities laws
 and regulations.

Additional legislation, changes in or new rules promulgated by
 the SEC and other federal and state regulatory authorities and
 self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation
 or enforcement of existing laws and rules, may directly affect
 the method of operation and profitability of Investment
 Advisors. The profitability of Investment Advisors could also be
 affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and
 financial communities in general, including changes to the laws
 governing taxation, antitrust regulation, homeland security and
 electronic commerce.

Under various provisions of the federal and state securities
 laws, including in particular those applicable to
 broker-dealers, investment advisors and registered investment
 companies and their service providers, a determination by a
 court or regulatory agency that certain violations have occurred
 at a company or its affiliates can result in a limitation of
 permitted activities and disqualification to continue to conduct
 certain activities.

15

Table of Contents 

Investment Advisors is also subject to rules and regulations
 promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 (FINRA), among others. The principal purpose of these
 regulations is the protection of clients and the securities
 markets, rather than the protection of stockholders and
 creditors.

Consumer
 Finance Subsidiary 

Regency is subject to regulation under Pennsylvania, Tennessee
 and Ohio state laws that require, among other things, that it
 maintain licenses in effect for consumer finance operations for
 each of its offices. Representatives of the Pennsylvania
 Department of Banking, the Tennessee Department of Financial
 Institutions and the Ohio Division of Consumer Finance
 periodically visit Regency s offices and conduct extensive
 examinations in order to determine compliance with such laws and
 regulations. Additionally, the FRB, as umbrella 
 regulator of the Corporation pursuant to the GLB Act, may
 conduct an examination of Regency s offices or operations.
 Such examinations include a review of loans and the collateral
 therefor, as well as a check of the procedures employed for
 making and collecting loans. Additionally, Regency is subject to
 certain federal laws that require that certain information
 relating to credit terms be disclosed to customers and, in
 certain instances, afford customers the right to rescind
 transactions.

Insurance
 Agencies 

FNIA is subject to licensing requirements and extensive
 regulation under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
 and the various states in which FNIA conducts business. These
 laws and regulations are primarily for the benefit of
 policyholders. In all jurisdictions, the applicable laws and
 regulations are subject to amendment or interpretation by
 regulatory authorities. Generally, such authorities are vested
 with relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke
 licenses and approvals and to implement regulations. Licenses
 may be denied or revoked for various reasons, including the
 violation of such regulations or the conviction of certain
 crimes. Possible sanctions that may be imposed for violation of
 regulations include the suspension of individual employees,
 limitations on engaging in a particular business for a specified
 period of time, revocation of licenses, censures and fines.

Penn-Ohio is subject to examination on a triennial basis by the
 Arizona Department of Insurance. Representatives of the Arizona
 Department of Insurance periodically determine whether Penn-Ohio
 has maintained required reserves, established adequate deposits
 under a reinsurance agreement and complied with reporting
 requirements under the applicable Arizona statutes.

Merchant
 Banking 

FNB Capital is subject to regulation and examination by the FRB
 and is subject to rules and regulations issued by FINRA.

Governmental
 Policies 

The operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are
 affected not only by general economic conditions, but also by
 the policies of various regulatory authorities. In particular,
 the FRB regulates monetary policy and interest rates in order to
 influence general economic conditions. These policies have a
 significant influence on overall growth and distribution of
 loans, investments and deposits and affect interest rates
 charged on loans or paid for time and savings deposits. FRB
 monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating
 results of all financial institutions in the past and may
 continue to do so in the future.

Available
 Information 

The Corporation maintains a website at
 www.fnbcorporation.com . The Corporation makes
 available on its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 Quarterly Reports on
 Form 10-Q 
 and Current Reports on
 Form 8-K 
 (and amendments to any of the foregoing) as soon as practicable
 after such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. These
 reports are available on the Corporation s website at
 www.fnbcorporation.com and are also available to
 stockholders, free of charge, upon written request to F.N.B.
 Corporation, Attn: David B. Mogle, Corporate Secretary, One
 F.N.B. Boulevard, Hermitage, PA 

16

Table of Contents 

16148. A fee to cover the Corporation s reproduction
 costs will be charged for any requested exhibits to these
 documents. The public may read and copy the materials the
 Corporation files with the SEC at the SEC s Public
 Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, NE,
 Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information
 regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
 the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330. 
 The public may also read and copy the materials the Corporation
 files with the SEC by visiting the SEC s website at
 www.sec.gov . The Corporation s common stock is
 traded on the NYSE under the symbol FNB . The
 Corporation filed the certifications of its Chief Executive
 Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) required
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002
 with respect to its Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for 2007 with the SEC as exhibits to that Report and has filed
 certifications required by Section 302 of that Act with
 respect to this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 as exhibits to this Report. The Corporation s CEO submitted
 the required annual CEO Certification, without qualification,
 regarding the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards
 to the NYSE within 30 days of the 2008 annual
 shareholders meeting. The Corporation s Code of
 Business Conduct and Ethics, the Charters of its Audit,
 Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees and
 the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines are
 available on the Corporation s website and in printed form
 upon request.

ITEM 1A. 

RISK
 FACTORS 

As a financial services organization, the Corporation takes on a
 certain amount of risk in every business decision and activity.
 For example, every time FNBPA opens an account or approves a
 loan for a customer, processes a payment, hires a new employee,
 or implements a new computer system, FNBPA and the Corporation
 incur a certain amount of risk. As an organization, the
 Corporation must balance revenue generation and profitability
 with the risks associated with its business activities. Risk
 management is not about eliminating risks, but about identifying
 and accepting risks and then effectively managing them so as to
 optimize total shareholder value.

The Corporation has identified five major categories of risk:
 credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and
 compliance risk. Credit risk, market risk and liquidity risk,
 and the program implemented by management to address these
 risks, are more fully discussed in the Market Risk section of
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations, which is included in Item 7 of
 this Report. Operational risk arises from inadequate information
 systems and technology, weak internal control systems or other
 failed internal processes or systems, human error, fraud or
 external events. Compliance risk relates to each of the other
 four major categories of risk listed above, but specifically
 addresses internal control failures that result in
 non-compliance with laws, rules, regulations or ethical
 standards.

The key to effective risk management is to be proactive in
 identifying, measuring, evaluating and monitoring risk on an
 ongoing basis. Risk management practices support
 decision-making, improve the success rate for new initiatives,
 and strengthen the market s confidence in the Corporation
 and its affiliates.

The Corporation s risk management process is supported
 through a governance structure involving its Board of Directors
 and senior management. The Corporation s Risk Committee,
 which is comprised of various members of the Board of Directors,
 helps insure that business decisions within the organization are
 executed within the Corporation s desired risk profile. The
 Risk Committee has the following key roles:

facilitate the identification, assessment and monitoring of risk
 across the Corporation;

provide support and oversight to the Corporation s
 businesses; and

identify and implement risk management best practices, as
 appropriate.

Additionally, FNBPA has a Risk Management Committee comprised of
 senior management to provide more day-to-day oversight to
 specific areas of risk with respect to the level of risk and
 risk management structure. The Risk Management Committee reports
 on a regular basis to the Corporation s Risk Committee
 regarding the enterprise risk profile of the Corporation and
 other relevant risk management issues. The Corporation s
 audit function performs an independent assessment of the
 internal control environment. Moreover, the Corporation s
 audit function plays a critical role in risk management, testing
 the operation of internal control systems and reporting findings
 to management and to the Corporation s Audit Committee.
 Both the Corporation s Risk

17

Table of Contents 

Committee and FNBPA s Risk Management Committee regularly
 assess the Corporation s enterprise-wide risk profile and
 provide guidance on actions needed to address key risk issues.

The following are the most significant risk factors that affect
 the Corporation. These risk factors are also discussed further
 in other parts of this Report.

Recent
 negative developments in the financial services industry and
 U.S. and global credit markets may adversely impact the
 Corporation s results of operations. 

The recent national and global economic downturn has resulted in
 unprecedented levels of financial market volatility which may
 depress the market value of financial institutions, limit access
 to capital or have a material adverse effect on the financial
 condition or results of operations of banking companies. In
 addition, the possible duration and severity of the adverse
 economic cycle is unknown and may exacerbate the
 Corporation s exposure to credit risk. The
 U.S. Treasury and the FDIC have initiated programs to
 address economic stabilization, yet the efficacy of these
 programs in stabilizing the economy and the banking system at
 large are uncertain. Details as to the Corporation s future
 participation in or access to such programs and their subsequent
 impact on the Corporation also remain uncertain.

The competition for deposits has increased significantly due to
 liquidity concerns at many financial institutions. Stock prices
 of bank holding companies, like the Corporation, have been
 negatively affected by the current condition of the financial
 markets, as has the Corporation s ability, if needed, to
 raise capital or borrow in the debt markets compared to recent
 years. As a result, financial institution regulatory agencies
 are expected to be very aggressive in responding to concerns and
 trends regarding lending and funding practices and liquidity
 standards identified in examinations, including issuing many
 formal enforcement actions. Negative developments in the
 financial services industry and the impact of potential new
 legislation and regulations in response to those developments
 could negatively impact the Corporation s business by
 restricting its operations, including its ability to originate
 or sell loans or raise additional capital, and could adversely
 impact the Corporation s financial performance.

Interest
 rate volatility could significantly harm the Corporation s
 business. 

The Corporation s results of operations are affected by the
 monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and the
 regulatory policies of governmental authorities. A significant
 component of the Corporation s earnings is its net interest
 income, which is the difference between the income from interest
 earning assets, such as loans, and the expense of interest
 bearing liabilities, such as deposits. A change in market
 interest rates could adversely affect the Corporation s
 earnings if market interest rates change such that the interest
 the Corporation pays on deposits and borrowings increases faster
 or decreases more slowly than the interest it collects on loans
 and investments. Consequently, the business of the Corporation,
 along with that of other financial institutions, generally is
 sensitive to interest rate fluctuations.

The
 Corporation s results of operations are significantly
 affected by the ability of its borrowers to repay their
 loans. 

Lending money is an essential part of the banking business.
 However, borrowers do not always repay their loans. The risk of
 non-payment is affected by:

credit risks of a particular borrower;

changes in economic and industry conditions;

the duration of the loan; and

in the case of a collateralized loan, uncertainties as to the
 future value of the collateral.

Generally, commercial/industrial, construction and commercial
 real estate loans present a greater risk of non-payment by a
 borrower than other types of loans. For additional information,
 see the Lending Activity section of Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
 which is included in Item 7 of this Report. In addition,
 consumer loans typically have shorter terms and lower balances
 with higher yields compared to real estate mortgage loans, but
 generally carry higher risks of default. Consumer loan
 collections are

18

Table of Contents 

dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability,
 and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal
 circumstances. Furthermore, the application of various federal
 and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may
 limit the amount that can be recovered on these loans.

The
 Corporation s financial condition and results of operations
 would be adversely affected if its allowance for loan losses is
 not sufficient to absorb actual losses. 

There is no precise method of predicting loan losses. The
 Corporation can give no assurance that its allowance for loan
 losses is or will be sufficient to absorb actual loan losses.
 Excess loan losses could have a material adverse effect on the
 Corporation s financial condition and results of
 operations. The Corporation attempts to maintain an appropriate
 allowance for loan losses to provide for estimated losses
 inherent in its loan portfolio as of the reporting date. The
 Corporation periodically determines the amount of its allowance
 for loan losses based upon consideration of several quantitative
 and qualitative factors including, but not limited to, the
 following:

a regular review of the quality, mix and size of the overall
 loan portfolio;

historical loan loss experience;

evaluation of non-performing loans;

geographic concentration;

assessment of economic conditions and their effects on the
 Corporation s existing portfolio; and

the amount and quality of collateral, including guarantees,
 securing loans.

For additional discussion relating to this matter, refer to the
 Allowance and Provision for Loan Losses section of
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations, which is included in Item 7 of
 this Report.

Changes
 in economic conditions and the composition of the
 Corporation s loan portfolio could lead to higher loan
 charge-offs or an increase in the Corporation s provision
 for loan losses and may reduce the Corporation s net
 income. 

Changes in national and regional economic conditions could
 impact the loan portfolios of the Corporation. For example, an
 increase in unemployment, a decrease in real estate values or
 increases in interest rates, as well as other factors, could
 weaken the economies of the communities the Corporation serves.
 Weakness in the market areas served by the Corporation could
 depress its earnings and consequently its financial condition
 because customers may not want or need the Corporation s
 products or services; borrowers may not be able to repay their
 loans; the value of the collateral securing the
 Corporation s loans to borrowers may decline; and the
 quality of the Corporation s loan portfolio may decline.
 Any of the latter three scenarios could require the Corporation
 to charge-off a higher percentage of its loans
 and/or 
 increase its provision for loan losses, which would reduce its
 net income.

The
 Corporation s continued pace of growth may require it to
 raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not
 be available when it is needed. 

The Corporation is required by federal and state regulatory
 authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support
 its operations (see the Government Supervision and Regulation
 section included in Item 1 of this Report). As a financial
 holding company, the Corporation seeks to maintain capital
 sufficient to meet the well-capitalized standard set
 by regulators. The Corporation anticipates that its current
 capital resources will satisfy its capital requirements for the
 foreseeable future. The Corporation may at some point, however,
 need to raise additional capital to support continued growth,
 whether such growth occurs internally or through acquisitions.

The Corporation s ability to raise additional capital, if
 needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that
 time, which are outside of the Corporation s control, and
 on its financial performance. Accordingly, there can be no
 assurance of the Corporation s ability to expand its
 operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be
 materially impaired.

19

Table of Contents 

The
 Corporation may be adversely affected by the downturn in Florida
 real estate markets. 

Many Florida real estate markets, including the markets in
 Orlando, Fort Myers, Sarasota and Tampa, where the
 Corporation has loan production offices, declined in value
 throughout 2008 and may continue to undergo further declines.
 The Corporation operates five commercial loan production offices
 in the Florida market and is therefore exposed to the weakening
 real estate conditions in the Florida geographic region. During
 a period of prolonged general economic downturn in the Florida
 market, the Corporation may experience a reduction in loan
 origination activity in that market and further increases in
 non-performing assets, net charge-offs and provisions for loan
 losses.

Recent
 developments in the mortgage market have increased the
 volatility of the Corporation s stock price and may affect
 the Corporation s ability to originate loans as well as the
 profitability of loans in the Corporation s
 pipeline. 

The mortgage lending industry has experienced a significant
 increase in delinquencies. The decline in credit quality is most
 noteworthy among subprime lenders. Generally, the Corporation
 has not originated residential mortgage loans with FICO credit
 scores below 620, except for a minimal number of loans that were
 related to the Corporation s obligation under the CRA.
 Recent reports of credit quality, financial solvency and other
 problems among subprime lenders have increased volatility in the
 stock market. If the subprime segment continues to have problems
 in the future
 and/or 
 credit quality problems spread to other industry segments,
 including lenders who make reduced documentation loans to prime
 credit quality borrowers, there could be a prolonged decrease in
 the demand for the Corporation s loans in the secondary
 market, adversely affecting the Corporation s earnings and
 negatively impacting the price of the Corporation s common
 stock.

Loss of
 members of the Corporation s executive team could have a
 negative impact on business. 

The Corporation s success is dependent, in part, on the
 continued service of its executive officers. The loss of the
 service of one or more of these executive officers could have a
 negative impact on the Corporation s business because of
 their skills, relationships in the banking community and years
 of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding
 qualified replacement executive officers.

The
 actions of the U.S. Government for the purpose of stabilizing
 the financial markets, or market response to those actions, may
 not achieve the intended effect, and the Corporation s
 results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In response to the financial issues affecting the banking system
 and financial markets and going concern threats to investment
 banks and other financial institutions, the U.S. Congress
 recently enacted the EESA. The EESA provides the
 U.S. Secretary of the Treasury with the authority to
 establish the TARP to purchase from financial institutions up to
 700 billion of residential or commercial mortgages and any
 securities, obligations or other instruments that are based on
 or related to such mortgages, that in each case was originated
 or issued on or before March 14, 2008, as well as any other
 financial instrument that the U.S. Secretary of the
 Treasury, after consultation with the Chairman of the FRB,
 determines the purchase of which is necessary to promote
 financial market stability. As of the date hereof, the
 U.S. Treasury has determined not to purchase troubled
 assets under the program.

As part of the EESA, the U.S. Treasury has developed a CPP
 to purchase up to 250 billion in senior preferred stock
 from qualifying financial institutions. The CPP was designed to
 strengthen the capital and liquidity positions of viable
 institutions and to encourage banks and thrifts to increase
 lending to creditworthy borrowers. The EESA also increases the
 insurance coverage of deposit accounts to 250,000 per
 depositor. In a related action, the FDIC established a TLGP
 under which the FDIC provides a guarantee for newly-issued
 senior unsecured debt and non-interest bearing transaction
 deposit accounts at eligible insured institutions. For
 non-interest bearing transaction deposit accounts, a
 10 basis point annual rate surcharge will be applied to
 deposit amounts in excess of 250,000. The Corporation has
 elected to participate in the CPP and has opted to participate
 in the TLGP.

The U.S. Congress or federal banking regulatory agencies
 could adopt additional regulatory requirements or restrictions
 in response to the threats to the financial system and such
 changes may adversely affect the operations

20

Table of Contents 

of the Corporation and FNBPA. In addition, the EESA may not have
 the intended beneficial impact on the financial markets or the
 banking industry. To the extent the market does not respond
 favorably to the TARP or the program does not function as
 intended, the Corporation s prospects and results of
 operations could be adversely affected.

Because
 of the Corporation s participation in U.S. Treasury s
 CPP, the Corporation is subject to several restrictions
 including restrictions on its ability to declare or pay
 dividends and repurchase its shares as well as restrictions on
 its executive compensation. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement with
 the U.S. Treasury, the Corporation s ability to
 declare or pay dividends on any of its shares is limited.
 Specifically, the Corporation is unable to declare dividend
 payments on common, junior preferred or pari passu
 preferred shares if it is in arrears on the dividends on the
 Series C preferred stock. Further, without
 U.S. Treasury approval, the Corporation is not permitted to
 increase the quarterly rate of dividends on its common stock to
 more than 0.24 per share until the third anniversary of the
 investment unless all of the Series C preferred stock has
 been redeemed or transferred by U.S. Treasury. In addition,
 the Corporation s ability to repurchase its shares is
 restricted. The consent of the U.S. Treasury generally is
 required for the Corporation to make any stock repurchase until
 the third anniversary of the investment by U.S. Treasury
 unless all of the Series C preferred stock has been
 redeemed or transferred by U.S. Treasury to a third party.
 Further, common, junior preferred or pari passu preferred
 shares may not be repurchased if the Corporation is in arrears
 on the Series C preferred stock dividends.

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase
 Agreement, the Corporation adopted the U.S. Treasury s
 standards for executive compensation and corporate governance
 for the period during which the U.S. Treasury holds the
 equity issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
 including the common stock which may be issued pursuant to the
 warrant. These standards generally apply to the
 Corporation s CEO, CFO and the three next most highly
 compensated senior executive officers. The standards include
 (1) ensuring that incentive compensation for senior
 executives does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risks
 that threaten the value of the financial institution;
 (2) required clawback of any bonus or incentive
 compensation paid to a senior executive based on statements of
 earnings, gains or other criteria that are later proven to be
 materially inaccurate; (3) prohibition on making golden
 parachute payments to senior executives; and (4) agreement
 not to deduct for tax purposes executive compensation in excess
 of 500,000 for each senior executive. In particular, the change
 to the deductibility limit on executive compensation may
 increase the overall cost of the Corporation s compensation
 programs in future periods.

The executive compensation and corporate governance restrictions
 will apply so long as the U.S. Treasury owns any of the
 Corporation s debt or equity securities acquired in
 connection with the transactions described herein, including the
 Series C preferred stock, the warrant or any shares of the
 Corporation s common stock issued upon exercise of the
 warrant. Accordingly, the Corporation could be subject to these
 restrictions for an indefinite period of time. Further, the
 Securities Purchase Agreement and all related documents may be
 amended unilaterally by the U.S. Treasury to the extent
 required to comply with any changes to the applicable federal
 statutes. Any such amendments may provide for additional
 executive compensation and corporate governance standards or
 modify the existing standards set forth above.

The
 Corporation s status as a holding company makes it
 dependent on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its
 financial obligations and pay dividends to
 shareholders. 

The Corporation is a holding company and conducts almost all of
 its operations through its subsidiaries. The Corporation does
 not have any significant assets other than the stock of its
 subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Corporation depends on dividends
 from its subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations and to
 pay dividends to shareholders. The Corporation s right to
 participate in any distribution of earnings or assets of its
 subsidiaries is subject to the prior claims of creditors of such
 subsidiaries. Under federal law, FNBPA is limited in the amount
 of dividends it may pay to the Corporation without prior
 regulatory approval. Also, bank regulators have the authority to
 prohibit FNBPA from paying dividends if the bank regulators
 determine FNBPA is in an unsound or unsafe condition or that the
 payment would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. As a
 participant in the CPP, the Corporation may not pay dividends
 except as permitted by the Securities Purchase Agreement and the
 other operative documents evidencing the investment of the
 U.S. Treasury in the Corporation.

21

Table of Contents 

The
 Corporation s financial condition may be adversely affected
 if it is unable to attract sufficient deposits to fund its
 anticipated loan growth. 

The Corporation funds its loan growth primarily through
 deposits. To the extent that the Corporation is unable to
 attract and maintain sufficient levels of deposits to fund its
 loan growth, the Corporation would be required to raise
 additional funds through public or private financings. The
 Corporation can give no assurance that it would be able to
 obtain these funds on terms that are favorable to the
 Corporation.

The
 Corporation s results of operations may be adversely
 affected if asset valuations cause other-than-temporary
 impairment or goodwill impairment charges. 

The Corporation may be required to record future impairment
 charges on its investment securities if they suffer declines in
 value that are considered other-than-temporary. Numerous
 factors, including lack of liquidity for re-sales of certain
 investment securities, absence of reliable pricing information
 for investment securities, adverse changes in business climate,
 adverse actions by regulators, or unanticipated changes in the
 competitive environment could have a negative effect on the
 Corporation s investment portfolio in future periods. If an
 impairment charge is significant enough it could affect the
 ability of FNBPA to upstream dividends to the Corporation, which
 could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s
 liquidity and its ability to pay dividends to shareholders and
 could also negatively impact its regulatory capital ratios and
 result in FNBPA not being classified as
 well-capitalized for regulatory purposes.

The
 Corporation s controls and procedures may fail or be
 circumvented. 

Management regularly reviews and updates the Corporation s
 internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and
 corporate governance policies and procedures. However, any
 system of controls, even those well designed and operated, is
 based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only
 reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the
 system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the
 Corporation s controls and procedures or failure to comply
 with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a
 material adverse effect on the Corporation s business,
 results of operations and financial condition.

The
 Corporation could experience significant difficulties and
 complications in connection with its growth and acquisition
 strategy. 

The Corporation has grown significantly through acquisitions
 over the last few years and may seek to continue to grow by
 acquiring financial institutions and branches as well as
 non-depository entities engaged in permissible activities for
 its financial institution subsidiaries. However, the market for
 acquisitions is highly competitive. The Corporation may not be
 as successful in the future as it has been in the past in
 identifying financial institution and branch acquisition
 candidates, integrating acquired institutions or preventing
 deposit erosion at acquired institutions or branches.

As part of its acquisition strategy, the Corporation may acquire
 additional banks and non-bank entities that it believes provide
 a strategic fit with its business. To the extent that the
 Corporation is successful with this strategy, there can be no
 assurance that the Corporation will be able to manage this
 growth adequately and profitably. For example, acquiring any
 bank or non-bank entity will involve risks commonly associated
 with acquisitions, including:

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks
 and non-bank entities the Corporation acquires;

exposure to potential asset quality issues of acquired banks and
 non-bank entities;

potential disruption to the Corporation s business;

potential diversion of the time and attention of the
 Corporation s management; and

the possible loss of key employees and customers of the banks
 and other businesses the Corporation acquires.

In addition to acquisitions, FNBPA may expand into additional
 communities or attempt to strengthen its position in its current
 markets by undertaking additional de novo branch openings or
 establishing additional loan

22

Table of Contents 

production offices. Based on experience, the Corporation
 believes that it generally takes up to three years for new
 banking facilities to achieve operational profitability due to
 the impact of organizational and overhead expenses and the
 start-up 
 phase of generating loans and deposits. To the extent that FNBPA
 undertakes additional de novo branch openings or establishes
 additional loan production offices, FNBPA is likely to continue
 to experience the effects of higher operating expenses relative
 to operating income from the new banking facilities, which may
 have an adverse effect on the Corporation s net income,
 earnings per share, return on average equity and return on
 average assets.

The Corporation may encounter unforeseen expenses, as well as
 difficulties and complications in integrating expanded
 operations and new employees without disruption to its overall
 operations. Following each acquisition, the Corporation must
 expend substantial resources to integrate the entities. The
 integration of non-banking entities often involves combining
 different industry cultures and business methodologies. The
 failure to integrate successfully the entities the Corporation
 acquires into its existing operations may adversely affect its
 results of operations and financial condition.

The
 Corporation could be adversely affected by changes in the law,
 especially changes in the regulation of the banking
 industry. 

The Corporation and its subsidiaries operate in a highly
 regulated environment and are subject to supervision and
 regulation by several governmental agencies, including the FRB,
 the OCC and the FDIC. Regulations are generally intended to
 provide protection for depositors, borrowers and other customers
 rather than for investors. The Corporation is subject to changes
 in federal and state law, regulations, governmental policies,
 tax laws and accounting principles. Changes in regulations or
 the regulatory environment could adversely affect the banking
 and financial services industry as a whole and could limit the
 Corporation s growth and the return to investors by
 restricting such activities as:

the payment of dividends;

mergers with or acquisitions of other institutions;

investments;

loans and interest rates;

fees assessed for consumer deposit accounts;

the provision of securities, insurance or trust
 services; and

the types of non-deposit activities in which the
 Corporation s financial institution subsidiaries may engage.

In addition, legislation may change present capital and other
 regulatory requirements, which could restrict the
 Corporation s activities and require the Corporation to
 raise additional capital. Further, the Securities Purchase
 Agreement and all related documents that the Corporation entered
 into in connection with the CPP may be amended unilaterally by
 the U.S. Treasury to the extent required to comply with any
 changes to the applicable federal statutes. Any such amendment
 may impose additional restrictions or obligations on the
 Corporation.

The
 Corporation s results of operations could be adversely
 affected due to significant competition. 

The Corporation faces substantial competition in all areas of
 its operations from a variety of different competitors. The
 Corporation may not be able to compete effectively in its
 markets, which could adversely affect the Corporation s
 results of operations. The banking and financial services
 industry in each of the Corporation s market areas is
 highly competitive. The competitive environment is a result of:

changes in regulation;

changes in technology and product delivery systems;

the accelerated pace of consolidation among financial services
 providers; and

the current state of the banking industry.

The Corporation competes for loans, deposits and customers with
 various bank and non-bank financial service providers, many of
 which are larger in terms of total assets and capitalization,
 have greater access to the capital markets and offer a broader
 array of financial services than the Corporation. Competition
 with such

23

Table of Contents 

institutions may cause the Corporation to increase its deposit
 rates or decrease its interest rate spread on loans it
 originates.

Adverse
 economic conditions in the Corporation s market area may
 adversely impact its results of operations and financial
 condition. 

The substantial portion of the Corporation s historical
 business is concentrated in western Pennsylvania and eastern
 Ohio, which over recent years has become a slower growth market
 than other areas of the United States. As a result, FNBPA s
 loan portfolio and results of operations may be adversely
 affected by factors that have a significant impact on the
 economic conditions in this market area. The local economies of
 this market area have historically been less robust than the
 economy of the nation as a whole and may not be subject to the
 same fluctuations as the national economy. Adverse economic
 conditions in this market area, including the loss of certain
 significant employers, could reduce its growth rate, affect its
 borrowers ability to repay their loans and generally
 affect the Corporation s financial condition and results of
 operations. Furthermore, a downturn in real estate values in
 FNBPA s market area could cause many of its loans to become
 inadequately collateralized.

Recent
 negative developments in the financial industry and the domestic
 and international credit markets may adversely affect the
 Corporation s operations and stock price. 

Negative developments in the latter half of 2007 and 2008 in the
 subprime mortgage market and the securitization markets for such
 loans have resulted in uncertainty in the financial markets in
 general with the expectation of the general economic downturn
 continuing well into 2009. As a result of this credit
 crunch, commercial as well as consumer loan portfolio
 performances have deteriorated at many institutions and the
 competition for deposits and quality loans has increased
 significantly. In addition, the values of real estate collateral
 supporting many commercial loans and home mortgages have
 declined and may continue to decline. Bank and bank holding
 company stock prices have been negatively affected, and the
 ability of banks and bank holding companies to raise capital or
 borrow in the debt markets has become more difficult compared to
 recent years. As a result, there is a potential for new federal
 or state laws and regulations regarding lending and funding
 practices and liquidity standards, and bank regulatory agencies
 are expected to be very aggressive in responding to concerns and
 trends identified in developments in the financial industry and
 the domestic and international credit markets, and the impact of
 new legislation in response to those developments, may
 negatively impact the Corporation s operations by
 restricting its business operations, including its ability to
 originate or sell loans, and adversely impact the
 Corporation s financial performance or stock price.

The
 Corporation s deposit insurance premiums could be
 substantially higher in the future which would have an adverse
 effect on the Corporation s future earnings. 

The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured financial
 institutions, including FNBPA. The FDIC charges the insured
 financial institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit
 Insurance Fund at a certain level. Current economic conditions
 have increased bank failures and expectations for further
 failures, in which case the FDIC would pay all deposits of a
 failed bank up to the insured amount from the Deposit Insurance
 Fund. In December 2008, the FDIC adopted a rule that would
 increase premiums paid by insured institutions and make other
 changes to the assessment system. Increases in deposit insurance
 premiums could adversely affect the Corporation s net
 income.

Concern
 of customers over deposit insurance may cause a decrease in
 deposits at the Corporation. 

With recent increased concerns about bank failures, customers
 increasingly are concerned about the extent to which their
 deposits are insured by the FDIC. Customers may withdraw
 deposits in an effort to ensure that the amount they have on
 deposit with the Corporation is fully insured. Decreases in
 deposits may adversely affect the Corporation s funding
 costs and net income.

24

Table of Contents 

The
 Corporation s information systems may experience an
 interruption or breach in security. 

The Corporation relies heavily on communications and information
 systems to conduct its business. Any failure, interruption or
 breach in security of these systems could result in failures or
 disruptions in the Corporation s customer relationship
 management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems.
 Although the Corporation has policies and procedures designed to
 prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or
 security breach of these information systems, there can be no
 assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security
 breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be
 adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures,
 interruptions or security breaches of the Corporation s
 information systems could damage its reputation, result in a
 loss of customer business, subject it to additional regulatory
 scrutiny, or expose it to civil litigation and possible
 financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse
 effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results
 of operations.

The
 Corporation s business and financial performance could be
 adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by natural
 disasters, terrorist activities or international
 hostilities. 

The likelihood or impact of natural disasters, terrorist
 activities, pandemics and international hostilities cannot be
 predicted. However, an event resulting from any of these threats
 could impact the Corporation directly (for example, by causing
 significant damage to its facilities or preventing it from
 conducting its business in the ordinary course), or could impact
 the Corporation indirectly through a direct impact on its
 borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other
 counterparties. The Corporation also could suffer adverse
 consequences to the extent that natural disasters, terrorist
 activities or international hostilities affect the economy and
 financial and capital markets generally. These types of impacts
 could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies,
 bankruptcies or defaults that could result in the Corporation
 experiencing higher levels of non-performing assets, net
 charge-offs and provisions for loan losses.

The Corporation s ability to mitigate the adverse
 consequences of such occurrences is, in part, dependent on the
 quality of its contingency planning, including its ability to
 anticipate the nature of any such event that occurs. The adverse
 impact of natural disasters or terrorist activities also could
 be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness
 on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on
 the part of other organizations and businesses with which the
 Corporation deals, particularly those on which it depends.

Certain
 provisions of the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation
 and By-laws and Florida law may discourage takeovers. 

The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and By-laws
 contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may discourage or
 may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in
 control or takeover attempt that is opposed by the
 Corporation s Board of Directors. In particular, the
 Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and By-laws:

currently classify its Board of Directors into three classes, so
 that stockholders elect only one-third of its Board of Directors
 each year (provided, however, that this classified structure
 will be phased out by 2011);

permit stockholders to remove directors only for cause;

do not permit stockholders to take action except at an annual or
 special meeting of stockholders;

require stockholders to give the Corporation advance notice to
 nominate candidates for election to its Board of Directors or to
 make stockholder proposals at a stockholders meeting;

permit the Corporation s Board of Directors to issue,
 without stockholder approval unless otherwise required by law,
 preferred stock with such terms as its Board of Directors may
 determine;

require the vote of the holders of at least 75 of the
 Corporation s voting shares for stockholder amendments to
 its By-laws;

Under Florida law, the approval of a business combination with a
 stockholder owning 10 or more of the voting shares of a
 corporation requires the vote of holders of at least two-thirds
 of the voting shares not owned by such stockholder, unless the
 transaction is approved by a majority of the corporation s
 disinterested directors. In addition, Florida law generally
 provides that shares of a corporation that are acquired in
 excess of certain specified

25

Table of Contents 

thresholds will not possess any voting rights unless the voting
 rights are approved by a majority of the corporation s
 disinterested stockholders.

These provisions of the Corporation s Articles of
 Incorporation and By-laws and of Florida law could discourage
 potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a
 change in control, even though a majority of the
 Corporation s stockholders may consider such proposals
 desirable. Such provisions could also make it more difficult for
 third parties to remove and replace members of the
 Corporation s Board of Directors. Moreover, these
 provisions could diminish the opportunities for stockholders to
 participate in certain tender offers, including tender offers at
 prices above the then-current market price of the
 Corporation s common stock, and may also inhibit increases
 in the trading price of the Corporation s common stock that
 could result from takeover attempts.

The
 Corporation may not be able to continue to attract and retain
 skilled people. 

The Corporation s success depends, in large part, on its
 ability to continue to attract and retain key people.
 Competition for the best people in most activities engaged in by
 the Corporation can be intense and the Corporation may not be
 able to hire people or to retain them. The unexpected loss of
 services of one or more of the Corporation s key personnel
 could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s
 business because of their skills, knowledge of the
 Corporation s market, years of industry experience and the
 difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel.

The
 Corporation is exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with
 respect to properties to which it takes title. 

Portions of the Corporation s loan portfolio are secured by
 real property. In the course of its business, the Corporation
 may own or foreclose and take title to real estate, and could be
 subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these
 properties. The Corporation may be held liable to a governmental
 entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury,
 investigation and
 clean-up 
 costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental
 contamination, or may be required to investigate or clean up
 hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a
 property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation
 activities could be substantial. In addition, as the owner or
 former owner of a contaminated site, the Corporation may be
 subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages
 and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating
 from the property. If the Corporation ever becomes subject to
 significant environmental liabilities, the Corporation s
 business, financial condition, liquidity and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

If the
 Corporation is unable to redeem the Series C preferred
 stock after five years, its cost of capital will increase
 substantially. 

If the Corporation is unable to redeem the Series C
 preferred stock prior to January 9, 2014, the cost of this
 capital will increase substantially on that date, from 5 per
 annum to 9 per annum. Depending on the Corporation s
 financial condition at the time, this increase in the annual
 dividend rate on the Series C preferred stock could have a
 material negative effect on its liquidity.

The
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Corporation and the
 U.S. Treasury limits the Corporation s ability to pay
 dividends on and repurchase its common stock. 

The Purchase Agreement between the Corporation and the
 U.S. Treasury provides that prior to the earlier of
 (i) January 9, 2012 and (ii) the date on which
 all of the shares of the Series C preferred stock have been
 redeemed by the Corporation or transferred by the
 U.S. Treasury to third parties, the Corporation may not,
 without the consent of the U.S. Treasury, (a) increase
 the quarterly rate of cash dividends on its common stock to more
 than 0.24 per share or (b) subject to limited exceptions,
 redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of its common
 stock or preferred stock other than the Series C preferred
 stock or trust preferred securities. In addition, the
 Corporation is unable to pay any dividends on its common stock
 unless it is current in its dividend payments on the
 Series C preferred stock. These restrictions could have a
 negative effect on the value of the Corporation s common
 stock. Moreover, holders of the Corporation s common stock
 are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared
 by the Board of Directors. Although the Corporation has
 historically paid cash dividends on its common

26

Table of Contents 

stock, it is not required to do so and its Board of Directors
 could reduce or eliminate its common stock dividend in the
 future.

The
 Series C preferred stock reduces the net income available
 to the Corporation s common stockholders and earnings per
 common share, and the warrant the Corporation issued to the U.S.
 Treasury may be dilutive to holders of the Corporation s
 common stock. 

The dividends declared and the accretion of discount on the
 Series C preferred stock will reduce the net income
 available to common stockholders and the Corporation s
 earnings per common share. Additionally, the ownership interest
 of the existing holders of the Corporation s common stock
 will be diluted to the extent the warrant is exercised. The
 shares of common stock underlying the warrant represent
 approximately 1.5 of the shares of the Corporation s
 common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2008. Although
 the U.S. Treasury has agreed not to vote any of the shares
 of common stock it receives upon exercise of the warrant, a
 transferee of any portion of the warrant or of any shares of
 common stock acquired upon exercise of the warrant is not bound
 by this restriction.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

NONE.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

The Corporation owns a six-story building in Hermitage,
 Pennsylvania that serves as its headquarters, executive and
 administrative offices. It shares this facility with Community
 Banking and Wealth Management.

The Community Banking offices are located in 24 counties in
 Pennsylvania and 4 counties in Ohio. Community Banking also has
 commercial loan production offices located in 5 counties in
 Florida and one county in Pennsylvania and a mortgage loan
 production office located in one county in Tennessee. Wealth
 Management operates in existing Community Banking offices. The
 Consumer Finance offices are located in 17 counties in
 Pennsylvania, 16 counties in Tennessee and 13 counties in Ohio.
 The Insurance offices are located in 6 counties in Pennsylvania.
 At December 31, 2008, the Corporation s subsidiaries
 owned 169 of the Corporation s properties and leased 126
 properties under operating leases expiring at various dates
 through the year 2046. For additional information regarding the
 lease commitments, see the Premises and Equipment footnote in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is
 included in Item 8 of this Report.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are involved in various
 pending and threatened legal proceedings in which claims for
 monetary damages and other relief are asserted. These actions
 include claims brought against the Corporation and its
 subsidiaries where the Corporation acted as one or more of the
 following: a depository bank, lender, underwriter, fiduciary,
 financial advisor, broker or was engaged in other business
 activities. Although the ultimate outcome for any asserted claim
 cannot be predicted with certainty, the Corporation believes
 that it and its subsidiaries have valid defenses for all
 asserted claims. Reserves are established for legal claims when
 losses associated with the claims are judged to be probable and
 the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.

Based on information currently available, advice of counsel,
 available insurance coverage and established reserves, the
 Corporation does not anticipate, at the present time, that the
 aggregate liability, if any, arising out of such legal
 proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the
 Corporation s consolidated financial position. However, the
 Corporation cannot determine whether or not any claims asserted
 against it will have a material adverse effect on its
 consolidated results of operations in any future reporting
 period. It is possible, in the event of unexpected future
 developments, that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if
 unfavorable, may have a material adverse effect on the
 Corporation s consolidated results of operations for a
 particular period.

ITEM 4. 

SUBMISSION
 OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

NONE.

27

Table of Contents 

EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

The name, age, position with the Corporation and principal
 occupation for the last five years of each of the executive
 officers of the Corporation as of December 31, 2008 is set
 forth below:

Name

Age

Position with the Corporation and
 Prior Occupations in Previous Five Years

Stephen J. Gurgovits

65

Chairman of the Corporation since January 1, 2008; Acting
 CEO and President of the Corporation since February 11,
 2009; CEO of the Corporation from January 2004 to April 2008;
 President of the Corporation from January 2004 to January 2008;
 Vice Chairman of the Corporation from 1998 to 2003; Chairman of
 FNBPA since 2004; President and CEO of FNBPA from 1988 to 2004.

Robert V. New, Jr. 

57

CEO of the Corporation from April 2008 to February 11,
 2009; President of the Corporation from January 2008 to
 February 11, 2009; President and CEO of Green Bank,
 Houston, Texas, from 2006 to 2008; President and CEO of New
 Consulting Group, Inc. (financial institution consultant) from
 2005 to 2007; Executive Vice President of Hibernia National
 Bank, New Orleans, Louisiana, from 2004 to 2005; Chief Banking
 Officer of Coastal Banc, Houston, Texas, from 2001 to 2004.

Vincent J. Calabrese

46

Corporate Controller of the Corporation since 2007; Senior Vice
 President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Peoples
 Bank, Connecticut, from 2003 to 2007.

Vincent J. Delie

44

Senior Executive Vice President of FNBPA since June 2008;
 Regional President and CEO of FNBPA from October 2005 to June
 2008; Executive Vice President and Division Manager of Banking,
 for National City Bank from December 2003 to October 2005.

Scott D. Free

45

Treasurer of the Corporation since 2005; Chief Financial Officer
 of FNBPA from 2007 to April 2008; Treasurer and Senior Vice
 President of FNBPA since 2005; Senior Vice President of First
 Merit Corporation, Ohio from 1994 to 2004.

Gary L. Guerrieri

48

Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of FNBPA since
 June 2008; Chief Credit Officer of FNBPA from 2002 to June 2008.

Brian F. Lilly

50

CFO of the Corporation since January 2004; Chief Administrative
 Officer of FNBPA since 2003; CFO of Billingzone, LLC,
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, from 2000 to 2003.

Louise C. Lowrey

55

Executive Vice President of FNBPA since January 2005; Senior
 Vice President of FNBPA from January 2004 to January 2005.

David B. Mogle

58

Corporate Secretary of the Corporation since 1994; Treasurer of
 the Corporation from 1986 to 2004; Secretary and Senior Vice
 President of FNBPA since 1994; Treasurer of FNBPA from 1999 to
 2004.

James G. Orie

50

Chief Legal Officer of the Corporation since 2004; Senior Vice
 President of FNBPA since 2003.

There are no family relationships among any of the above
 executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding
 between any of the above executive officers and any other person
 pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. The executive
 officers are elected by and serve at the pleasure of the
 Corporation s Board of Directors.

As previously disclosed in the Corporation s Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on February 11, 2009, the Board of Directors of the
 Corporation appointed Stephen J. Gurgovits, who served as
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation from
 2004 to 2008, to serve in those positions on an interim basis
 following the resignation of Robert V. New, Jr. as
 President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the
 Corporation.

28

Table of Contents 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The Corporation s common stock is listed on the New York
 Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol FNB. The
 accompanying table shows the range of high and low sales prices
 per share of the common stock as reported by the NYSE for 2008
 and 2007. The table also shows dividends per share paid on the
 outstanding common stock during those periods. As of
 January 31, 2009, there were 12,664 holders of record of
 the Corporation s common stock.

Low 

High 

Dividends 

Quarter Ended 2008 

March 31

12.52

16.50

0.240

June 30

11.74

16.99

0.240

September 30

9.30

20.70

0.240

December 31

9.59

16.68

0.240

Quarter Ended 2007 

March 31

16.21

18.79

0.235

June 30

16.41

17.91

0.235

September 30

14.05

18.24

0.240

December 31

13.85

17.92

0.240

The information required by this Item 5 with respect to
 securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
 plans is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Report.

The Corporation did not purchase any of its own equity
 securities during the fourth quarter of 2008.

The Corporation s ability to make future payments of
 dividends on its common stock may be materially limited by the
 provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the
 operative documents that the Corporation entered into in
 connection with the CPP. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for
 additional information.

29

Table of Contents 

STOCK
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

Comparison of Total Return on F.N.B. Corporation s
 Common Stock with Certain Averages 

The following five-year performance graph compares the
 cumulative total shareholder return (assuming reinvestment of
 dividends) on the Corporation s common stock
 to the NASDAQ Bank Index
 and the Russell 2000 Index
 ).
 This stock performance graph assumes 100 was invested on
 December 31, 2003, and the cumulative return is measured as
 of each subsequent fiscal year end.

F.N.B.
 Corporation Five-Year Stock Performance 

Total
 Return, Including Stock and Cash Dividends 

30

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Dollars in thousands, except per share data

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Total interest income

409,781

368,890

342,422

295,480

253,568

Total interest expense

157,989

174,053

153,585

108,780

84,390

Net interest income

251,792

194,837

188,837

186,700

169,178

Provision for loan losses

72,371

12,693

10,412

12,176

16,280

Total non-interest income

86,115

81,609

79,275

57,807

77,326

Total non-interest expense

222,704

165,614

160,514

155,226

140,892

Net income

35,595

69,678

67,649

55,258

61,795

At Year-End 

Total assets

8,364,811

6,088,021

6,007,592

5,590,326

5,027,009

Net loans

5,715,650

4,291,429

4,200,569

3,698,340

3,338,994

Deposits

6,054,623

4,397,684

4,372,842

4,011,943

3,598,087

Short-term borrowings

596,263

449,823

363,910

378,978

395,106

Long-term and junior subordinated debt

695,636

632,397

670,921

662,569

636,209

Total stockholders equity

925,984

544,357

537,372

477,202

324,102

Per Common Share 

Earnings per share

Basic

0.44

1.16

1.15

0.99

1.31

Diluted

0.44

1.15

1.14

0.98

1.29

Cash dividends declared

0.96

0.95

0.94

0.92

5

0.92

Book value

10.32

8.99

8.90

8.31

6.47

Ratios 

Return on average assets

0.46

1.15

1.15

.99

1.29

Return on average tangible assets

0.55

1.25

1.25

1.07

1.34

Return on average equity

4.20

12.89

13.15

12.44

23.54

Return on average tangible equity

10.63

26.23

26.30

23.62

30.42

Dividend payout ratio

219.91

82.45

81.84

94.71

72.56

Average equity to average assets

11.01

8.93

8.73

7.97

5.50

31

Table of Contents 

QUARTERLY EARNINGS SUMMARY (Unaudited) 

Dollars in thousands, except per share data

Quarter Ended 2008 

Mar. 31 

June 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

Total interest income

88,525

105,297

108,801

107,158

Total interest expense

39,560

39,740

39,896

38,793

Net interest income

48,965

65,557

68,905

68,365

Provision for loan losses

3,583

10,976

6,514

51,298

Gain on sale of securities

754

41

33

6

Impairment loss on securities

(10

(456

(24

(16,699

Other non-interest income

21,424

27,871

28,224

24,951

Total non-interest expense

44,363

62,014

57,911

58,416

Net income

16,491

14,505

23,505

(18,906

Per Common Share 

Basic earnings (loss) per share

0.27

0.17

0.27

(0.21

Diluted earnings (loss) per share

0.27

0.17

0.27

(0.21

Cash dividends declared

0.24

0.24

0.24

0.24

Quarter Ended 2007 

Mar. 31 

June 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

Total interest income

90,487

91,620

93,949

92,834

Total interest expense

42,567

43,271

44,791

43,424

Net interest income

47,920

48,349

49,158

49,410

Provision for loan losses

1,847

1,838

3,776

5,232

Gain on sale of securities

740

415

Impairment loss on securities

(111

(7

Other non-interest income

20,176

20,071

19,689

20,636

Total non-interest expense

41,896

41,822

41,278

40,618

Net income

17,370

17,622

17,624

17,062

Per Common Share 

Basic earnings per share

0.29

0.29

0.29

0.28

Diluted earnings per share

0.29

0.29

0.29

0.28

Cash dividends declared

0.235 

0.235 

0.24

0.24

32

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

Management s discussion and analysis represents an overview
 of the consolidated results of operations and financial
 condition of the Corporation. This discussion and analysis
 should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
 statements and notes presented in Item 8 of this Report.
 Results of operations for the periods included in this review
 are not necessarily indicative of results to be obtained during
 any future period.

Important
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements in this Report are
 forward-looking within the meaning of the Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which statements
 generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking
 terminology, such as may, will, 
 expect, estimate, 
 anticipate, believe, target, 
 plan, project or continue or
 the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or similar
 terminology, and are made on the basis of management s
 current plans and analyses of the Corporation, its business and
 the industry in which it operates as a whole. These
 forward-looking statements are subject to risks and
 uncertainties, including, but not limited to, economic
 conditions, competition, interest rate sensitivity and exposure
 to regulatory and legislative changes. The above factors in some
 cases have affected, and in the future could affect, the
 Corporation s financial performance and could cause actual
 results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied
 by such forward-looking statements. The Corporation does not
 undertake to publicly update or revise its forward-looking
 statements even if experience or future changes make it clear
 that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not
 be realized.

Application
 of Critical Accounting Policies 

The Corporation s consolidated financial statements are
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles. Application of these principles requires
 management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that
 affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
 statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions
 and judgments are based on information available as of the date
 of the consolidated financial statements; accordingly, as this
 information changes, the consolidated financial statements could
 reflect different estimates, assumptions and judgments. Certain
 policies inherently are based to a greater extent on estimates,
 assumptions and judgments of management and, as such, have a
 greater possibility of producing results that could be
 materially different than originally reported.

The most significant accounting policies followed by the
 Corporation are presented in the Summary of Significant
 Accounting Policies footnote in the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this
 Report. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, provide
 information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued
 in the consolidated financial statements and how those values
 are determined.

Management views critical accounting policies to be those which
 are highly dependent on subjective or complex judgments,
 estimates and assumptions, and where changes in those estimates
 and assumptions could have a significant impact on the
 consolidated financial statements. Management currently views
 the determination of the allowance for loan losses, securities
 valuation, goodwill and other intangible assets and income taxes
 to be critical accounting policies.

Allowance
 for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses addresses credit losses inherent
 in the existing loan portfolio and is presented as a reserve
 against loans on the consolidated balance sheet. Loan losses are
 charged off against the allowance for loan losses, with
 recoveries of amounts previously charged off credited to the
 allowance for loan losses. Provisions for loan losses are
 charged to operations based on management s periodic
 evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance.

Estimating the amount of the allowance for loan losses is based
 to a significant extent on the judgment and estimates of
 management regarding the amount and timing of expected future
 cash flows on impaired loans,

33

Table of Contents 

estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on
 historical loss experience and consideration of current economic
 trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to
 significant change.

Management s assessment of the adequacy of the allowance
 for loan losses considers individual impaired loans, pools of
 homogeneous loans with similar risk characteristics and other
 risk factors concerning the economic environment. The allowance
 established for individual impaired loans reflects expected
 losses resulting from analyses developed through specific credit
 allocations for individual loans. The specific credit
 allocations are based on regular analyses of all loans over a
 fixed dollar amount where the internal credit rating is at or
 below a predetermined classification. These analyses involve a
 high degree of judgment in estimating the amount of loss
 associated with specific impaired loans, including estimating
 the amount and timing of future cash flows, current market value
 of the loan and collateral values. Independent loan review
 results are evaluated and considered in estimating reserves as
 well as other qualitative risk factors that may affect the loan.
 The evaluation of this component of the allowance requires
 considerable judgment in order to estimate inherent loss
 exposures.

Pools of homogeneous loans with similar risk characteristics are
 also assessed for probable losses. A loss migration and
 historical charge-off analysis is performed quarterly and loss
 factors are updated regularly based on actual experience. This
 analysis examines historical loss experience, the related
 internal ratings of loans charged off and considers inherent but
 undetected losses within the portfolio. Inherent but undetected
 losses may arise due to uncertainties in economic conditions,
 delays in obtaining information, including unfavorable
 information about a borrower s financial condition, the
 difficulty in identifying triggering events that correlate to
 subsequent loss rates and risk factors that have not yet
 manifested themselves in loss allocation factors. The
 Corporation has grown through acquisitions and expanding the
 geographic footprint in which it operates. As a result,
 historical loss experience data used to establish loss estimates
 may not precisely correspond to the current portfolio. Also,
 loss data representing a complete economic cycle is not
 available for all sectors. Uncertainty surrounding the strength
 and timing of economic cycles also affects estimates of loss.
 The historical loss experience used in the migration and
 historical charge-off analysis may not be representative of
 actual unrealized losses inherent in the portfolio.

Management also evaluates the impact of various qualitative
 factors which pose additional risks that may not adequately be
 addressed in the analyses described above. Such factors could
 include: levels of, and trends in, consumer bankruptcies,
 delinquencies, impaired loans, charge-offs and recoveries;
 trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in
 lending policies and procedures, including those for
 underwriting, collection, charge-off and recovery; experience,
 ability and depth of lending management and staff; national and
 local economic trends and conditions; industry and geographic
 conditions; concentrations of credit such as, but not limited
 to, local industries, their employees or suppliers; or any other
 common risk factor that might affect loss experience across one
 or more components of the portfolio. The determination of this
 component of the allowance is particularly dependent on the
 judgment of management.

There are many factors affecting the allowance for loan losses;
 some are quantitative, while others require qualitative
 judgment. Although management believes its process for
 determining the allowance adequately considers all of the
 factors that could potentially result in credit losses, the
 process includes subjective elements and may be susceptible to
 significant change. To the extent actual outcomes differ from
 management estimates, additional provisions for loan losses
 could be required that could adversely affect the
 Corporation s earnings or financial position in future
 periods.

The Allowance and Provision for Loan Losses section of this
 financial review includes a discussion of the factors driving
 changes in the allowance for loan losses during the current
 period.

Securities
 Valuation 

Investment securities, which consist of debt securities and
 certain equity securities, comprise a significant portion of the
 Corporation s consolidated balance sheet. Such securities
 can be classified as Trading, Securities Held
 to Maturity or Securities Available for Sale. 
 As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Corporation did not
 hold any trading securities.

34

Table of Contents 

Securities held to maturity are comprised of debt securities,
 which were purchased with management s positive intent and
 ability to hold such securities until their maturity. Such
 securities are carried at cost, adjusted for related
 amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts through
 interest income from securities.

Securities that are not classified as trading or held to
 maturity are classified as available for sale. The
 Corporation s available for sale securities portfolio is
 comprised of debt securities and marketable equity securities.
 Such securities are carried at fair value with net unrealized
 gains and losses deemed to be temporary reported separately as a
 component of other comprehensive income, net of tax. Realized
 gains and losses on the sale of available for sale securities
 and other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) charges are recorded
 within non-interest income in the consolidated statement of
 income. Realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are
 determined using the specific-identification method.

The investment securities portfolio is evaluated for OTTI on a
 quarterly basis. Impairment is assessed at the individual
 security level. An investment security is considered impaired if
 the fair value of the security is less than its cost or
 amortized cost basis.

The Corporation s OTTI evaluation process is performed in a
 consistent and systematic manner and includes an evaluation of
 all available evidence. Documentation of the process is
 extensive as necessary to support a conclusion as to whether a
 decline in fair value below cost or amortized cost is
 other-than-temporary and includes documentation supporting both
 observable and unobservable inputs and a rationale for
 conclusions reached.

This process considers factors such as the severity, length of
 time and anticipated recovery period of the impairment, recent
 events specific to the issuer, including investment downgrades
 by rating agencies and economic conditions of its industry, and
 the issuer s financial condition, capital strength and
 near-term prospects. The Corporation also considers its intent
 and ability to retain the security for a period of time
 sufficient to allow for a recovery in fair value, or until
 maturity. Among the factors that are considered in determining
 the Corporation s intent and ability to retain the security
 is a review of its capital adequacy, interest rate risk position
 and liquidity.

The assessment of a security s ability to recover any
 decline in fair value, the ability of the issuer to meet
 contractual obligations, and the Corporation s intent and
 ability to retain the security require considerable judgment.

Debt securities with credit ratings below AA at the time of
 purchase that are repayment-sensitive securities are evaluated
 using the guidance of Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Statement (FAS) 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in
 Debt and Equity Securities and the related guidance of
 Emerging Issues Task Force
 (EITF) 99-20, 
 Recognition of Interest Income and Impairment on Purchased
 Beneficial Interests and Beneficial Interests That Continue to
 Be Held by a Transferor in Securitized Financial Assets, as
 amended by FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 EITF 99-20-1. 
 All other securities are required to be evaluated under
 FAS 115 and related implementation guidance.

Goodwill
 and Other Intangible Assets 

As a result of acquisitions, the Corporation has acquired
 goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. Goodwill represents
 the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of
 net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, at the
 acquisition date. The Corporation s recorded goodwill
 relates to value inherent in its Community Banking, Wealth
 Management and Insurance segments.

The value of goodwill and other identifiable intangibles is
 dependent upon the Corporation s ability to provide
 quality, cost-effective services in the face of competition. As
 such, these values are supported ultimately by revenue that is
 driven by the volume of business transacted. A decline in
 earnings as a result of a lack of growth or the
 Corporation s inability to deliver cost effective services
 over sustained periods can lead to impairment in value which
 could result in additional expense and adversely impact earnings
 in future periods.

Other identifiable intangible assets such as core deposit
 intangibles and customer and renewal lists are amortized over
 their estimated useful lives.

The two-step impairment test is used to identify potential
 goodwill impairment and measure the amount of impairment loss to
 be recognized, if any. The first step compares the fair value of
 a reporting unit with its carrying

35

Table of Contents 

amount. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its
 carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered
 not impaired and the second step of the test is not necessary.
 If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair
 value, the second step is performed to measure impairment loss,
 if any. Under the second step, the fair value is allocated to
 all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit to
 determine an implied goodwill value. This allocation is similar
 to a purchase price allocation performed in purchase accounting.
 If the implied goodwill value of a reporting unit is less than
 the carrying amount of that goodwill, an impairment loss is
 recognized in an amount equal to that excess.

Determining fair values of a reporting unit, of its individual
 assets and liabilities, and also of other identifiable
 intangible assets requires considering market information that
 is publicly available as well as the use of significant
 estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions could
 have a significant impact on whether or not an impairment charge
 is recognized and also the magnitude of any such charge. Inputs
 used in determining fair values where significant estimates and
 assumptions are necessary include discounted cash flow
 calculations, market comparisons and recent transactions,
 projected future cash flows, discount rates reflecting the risk
 inherent in future cash flows, growth rates and determination
 and evaluation of appropriate market comparables.

The Corporation performed an annual test of goodwill and other
 intangibles as of September 30, 2008, and concluded that
 the recorded values were not impaired. Additionally, due to
 market conditions surrounding the banking industry, the
 Corporation updated its impairment analysis as of
 December 31, 2008, and concluded that the recorded values
 were not impaired.

The Corporation s total goodwill at December 31, 2008 was
 528.3 million, of which 509.2 million relates to the
 Corporation s Community Banking segment. The estimated fair
 value of this reporting unit is based on valuation techniques
 that the Corporation believes market participants would use
 including peer company price-to-earnings and price-to-book
 multiples. During the fourth quarter of 2008, the financial
 services industry and securities markets generally were
 adversely affected by significant declines in the values of
 nearly all asset classes. If current economic conditions
 continue resulting in a prolonged period of economic weakness,
 the Corporation s business segments, including the
 Community Banking segment, may be adversely affected, which may
 result in impairment of goodwill and other intangibles in the
 future. As of December 31, 2008, a decline of greater than
 15.4 in the estimated fair value of the Community Banking
 segment may result in recorded goodwill being impaired. Any
 resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact
 on the Corporation s financial condition and its results of
 operations.

Income
 Taxes 

The Corporation is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S.,
 its states and other jurisdictions where it conducts business.
 The laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by
 the taxpayer and various taxing authorities. In determining the
 provision for income taxes, management must make judgments and
 estimates about the application of these inherently complex tax
 statutes, related regulations and case law. In the process of
 preparing the Corporation s tax returns, management
 attempts to make reasonable interpretations of the tax laws.
 These interpretations are subject to challenge by the taxing
 authorities based on audit results or to change based on
 management s ongoing assessment of the facts and evolving
 case law.

The Corporation establishes a valuation allowance when it is
 more likely than not that the Corporation will not
 be able to realize a benefit from its deferred tax assets, or
 when future deductibility is uncertain. Periodically, the
 valuation allowance is reviewed and adjusted based on
 management s assessments of realizable deferred tax assets.

On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of
 the Corporation s effective tax rate based on
 management s current best estimate of net income and the
 applicable taxes for the full year. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are assessed on an annual basis, or sooner, if
 business events or circumstances warrant.

36

Table of Contents 

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements and Developments 

The New Accounting Standards footnote in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report, discusses new accounting
 pronouncements adopted by the Corporation in 2008 and the
 expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued or
 proposed but not yet required to be adopted.

Financial
 Overview 

The Corporation is a diversified financial services company
 headquartered in Hermitage, Pennsylvania. Its primary businesses
 include community banking, consumer finance, wealth management
 and insurance. The Corporation also conducts leasing and
 merchant banking activities. The Corporation operates its
 community banking business through a full service branch network
 with offices in Pennsylvania and Ohio and loan production
 offices in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida and Tennessee. The
 Corporation operates its wealth management and insurance
 businesses within the community banking branch network. It also
 conducts selected consumer finance business in Pennsylvania,
 Ohio and Tennessee.

On April 1, 2008, the Corporation completed the acquisition
 of Omega, a diversified financial services company with
 1.8 billion in assets, and on August 16, 2008, the
 Corporation completed the acquisition of IRGB, a bank holding
 company with 301.7 million in assets. The assets and
 liabilities of each of these acquired companies were recorded on
 the Corporation s balance sheet at their fair values as of
 each of the acquisition dates, and their results of operations
 have been included in the Corporation s consolidated
 statement of income since then.

The economic environment made 2008 another challenging year for
 the banking industry, particularly in the lending business. The
 Corporation s practice of conservative underwriting has
 helped it to substantially avoid the types of losses from
 certain loans, such as subprime residential mortgages, which
 have recently impacted other financial institutions. As a result
 of the challenging economic environment, the Corporation took
 decisive action to build its loan loss reserve to address the
 Florida loan portfolio. Additionally, the Corporation
 demonstrated its capability to win business in its marketplace
 by realizing some organic growth in loans, deposits and treasury
 management accounts in the challenging economic environment.

During 2008, the Corporation recorded total impairment charges
 of 20.6 million. These impairment charges consisted of
 16.0 million related to investments in pooled trust
 preferred securities, 1.2 million related to investments
 in bank stocks and 3.4 million related to investments made
 by the Corporation s merchant banking subsidiary.

The Corporation s investments in pooled trust preferred
 securities had a cost basis of 40.6 million and a fair
 value of 17.9 million as of December 31, 2008. This
 portfolio consists of 13 securities representing interests in
 various trusts collateralized by debt issued by over 500
 financial institutions. Management has concluded that it is
 probable that there has been an adverse change in estimated cash
 flows for eight of the 13 securities, which management deemed to
 be other-than-temporarily impaired in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles. This conclusion is based on the
 trend in new deferrals by the underlying issuing banks and the
 expectation for additional deferrals and defaults in the future,
 negative changes in credit ratings, whether the security is
 currently deferring interest on the tranche that the Corporation
 owns and expected continued weakness in the U.S. economy.
 These eight securities were written down to 10.5 million,
 or 39.6 of the 26.4 million cost basis. After the
 impairment write-downs, the Corporation held 13 pooled trust
 preferred securities with an adjusted cost basis of
 24.6 million and a fair value of 17.9 million as of
 December 31, 2008.

The 1.2 million OTTI charge for bank stocks relates to
 securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for
 between three and 12 months. In accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, management has deemed these
 impairments to be other than temporary given the low likelihood
 that they will recover in value in the foreseeable future. At
 year end, the Corporation held 31 bank stocks with an adjusted
 cost basis of 3.6 million and a fair value of
 3.5 million.

The impairment charge for the merchant banking subsidiary
 primarily relates to two investments, with 2.1 million
 related to a Florida-based company and 1.0 million related
 to a company with substantial exposure to

37

Table of Contents 

the automobile industry. As of December 31, 2008, the
 portfolio of investments for the merchant banking subsidiary was
 16.1 million with positions in nine companies.

Results
 of Operations 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2008 Compared to Year Ended
 December 31, 2007 

Net income for 2008 was 35.6 million or 0.44 per diluted
 share, a decrease of 34.1 million or 48.9 from net income
 for 2007 of 69.7 million or 1.15 per diluted share. The
 decrease in net income is largely a result of an increase of
 59.7 million in the provision for loan losses combined
 with 20.1 million of non-cash impairment charges relating
 to certain investments. These items are more fully discussed
 later in this section.

The Corporation s return on average equity was 4.20 , its
 return on average tangible equity (net income less amortization
 of intangibles, net of tax, divided by average equity less
 average intangibles) was 10.63 , its return on average assets
 was 0.46 and its return on average tangible assets (net income
 less amortization of intangibles, net of tax, divided by average
 assets less average intangibles) was 0.55 for 2008, as compared
 to 12.89 , 26.23 , 1.15 and 1.25 , respectively, for 2007.

38

Table of Contents 

The following table provides information regarding the average
 balances and yields earned on interest earning assets and the
 average balances and rates paid on interest bearing liabilities
 (dollars in thousands):

Year Ended December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Interest 

Interest 

Interest 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Assets 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Interest earning assets:

Interest bearing deposits with banks

4,344

89

2.04

1,588

78

4.89

1,540

76

4.97

Federal funds sold

14,596

304

2.05

10,429

547

5.17

23,209

1,184

5.03

Taxable investment securities (1)

1,038,815

49,775

4.77

874,130

44,188

5.04

965,533

47,424

4.92

Non-taxable investment securities (1)(2)

181,957

10,225

5.62

165,406

8,795

5.32

145,858

7,529

5.16

Loans (2)(3)

5,410,022

355,426

6.57

4,305,158

319,940

7.43

4,059,936

290,143

7.15

Total interest earning assets

6,649,734

415,819

6.25

5,356,711

373,548

6.97

5,196,076

346,356

6.67

Cash and due from banks

146,615

113,314

116,643

Allowance for loan losses

(67,962

(52,346

(52,757

Premises and equipment

108,768

84,106

85,791

Other assets

859,739

553,599

544,172

7,696,894

6,055,384

5,889,925

Liabilities 

Interest bearing liabilities:

Deposits:

Interest bearing demand

1,849,808

26,307

1.42

1,441,316

36,734

2.55

1,256,829

29,793

2.37

Savings

746,570

6,610

0.89

589,298

9,881

1.68

627,522

8,911

1.42

Certificates and other time

2,137,555

78,651

3.68

1,744,691

77,661

4.45

1,729,836

67,975

3.93

Treasury management accounts

373,200

7,771

2.05

266,726

12,150

4.49

213,045

9,099

4.21

Other short-term borrowings

143,154

5,259

3.61

147,439

7,285

4.87

145,064

6,686

4.55

Long-term debt

498,262

21,044

4.22

467,047

19,360

4.15

542,208

20,752

3.83

Junior subordinated debt

192,060

12,347

6.43

151,031

10,982

7.27

142,286

10,369

7.29

Total interest bearing liabilities

5,940,609

157,989

2.66

4,807,548

174,053

3.61

4,656,790

153,585

3.29

Non-interest bearing demand

825,083

634,537

649,191

Other liabilities

83,785

72,830

69,581

6,849,477

5,514,915

5,375,562

Stockholders equity 

847,417

540,469

514,363

7,696,894

6,055,384

5,889,925

Excess of interest earning assets over interest bearing
 liabilities

709,125

549,163

539,286

Net interest income (FTE)

257,830

199,495

192,771

Tax-equivalent adjustment

6,037

4,658

3,934

Net interest income

251,793

194,837

188,837

Net interest spread

3.60

3.36

3.38

Net interest margin (2)

3.88

3.73

3.71

(1)

The average balances and yields
 earned on securities are based on historical cost.

(2)

The interest income amounts are
 reflected on a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) basis which
 adjusts for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt
 loans and investments using the federal statutory tax rate of
 35.0 for each period presented. The yield on earning assets and
 the net interest margin are presented on an FTE basis. The
 Corporation believes this measure to be the preferred industry
 measurement of net interest income and provides relevant
 comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts.

(3)

Average balances include
 non-accrual loans. Loans consist of average total loans less
 average unearned income. The amount of loan fees included in
 interest income on loans is immaterial.

39

Table of Contents 

Net
 Interest Income 

Net interest income, which is the Corporation s major
 source of revenue, is the difference between interest income
 from earning assets (loans, securities and federal funds sold)
 and interest expense paid on liabilities (deposits, treasury
 management accounts and short- and long-term borrowings). In
 2008, net interest income, which comprised 74.5 of net revenue
 (net interest income plus non-interest income) as compared to
 70.5 in 2007, was affected by the general level of interest
 rates, changes in interest rates, the shape of the yield curve
 and changes in the amount and mix of interest earning assets and
 interest bearing liabilities.

Net interest income, on an FTE basis, increased
 58.3 million or 29.2 from 199.5 million for 2007 to
 257.8 million for 2008. Average interest earning assets
 increased 1.3 billion or 24.1 and average interest
 bearing liabilities increased 1.1 billion or 23.6 from
 2007 due to organic loan and deposit growth and the Omega and
 IRGB acquisitions. The Corporation s net interest margin
 increased by 15 basis points from 2007 to 3.88 for 2008 as
 lower yields on interest earning assets were more than offset by
 lower rates paid on interest bearing liabilities. Details on
 changes in tax equivalent net interest income attributed to
 changes in interest earning assets, interest bearing
 liabilities, yields and cost of funds can be found in the
 preceding table.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding
 changes in net interest income attributable to changes in the
 average volumes and yields earned on interest earning assets and
 the average volume and rates paid for interest bearing
 liabilities for the periods indicated (in thousands):

2008 vs 2007 

2007 vs 2006 

Volume

Rate

Net

Volume

Rate

Net

Interest Income 

Interest bearing deposits with banks

76

(65

11

2

2

Federal funds sold

167

(410

(243

(670

33

(637

Securities

8,771

(1,754

7,017

(3,644

1,674

(1,970

Loans

75,991

(40,505

35,486

18,652

11,145

29,797

85,005

(42,734

42,271

14,340

12,852

27,192

Interest Expense 

Deposits:

Interest bearing demand

7,050

(17,477

(10,427

4,591

2,350

6,941

Savings

1,641

(4,912

(3,271

290

680

970

Certificates and other time

15,641

(14,651

990

526

9,160

9,686

Treasury management accounts

3,754

(8,133

(4,379

2,414

637

3,051

Other short-term borrowings

(179

(1,847

(2,026

176

423

599

Long-term debt

1,313

371

1,684

(3,027

1,635

(1,392

Junior subordinated debt

2,769

(1,404

1,365

636

(23

613

31,989

(48,053

(16,064

5,606

14,862

20,468

Net Change

53,016

5,319

58,335

8,734

(2,010

6,724

(1)

The amount of change not solely due
 to rate or volume was allocated between the change due to rate
 and the change due to volume based on the net size of the rate
 and volume changes.

(2)

Interest income amounts are
 reflected on an FTE basis which adjusts for the tax benefit of
 income on certain tax-exempt loans and investments using the
 federal statutory tax rate of 35.0 for each period presented.
 The Corporation believes this measure to be the preferred
 industry measurement of net interest income and provides
 relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts.

40

Table of Contents 

Interest income, on an FTE basis, of 415.8 million in 2008
 increased by 42.3 million or 11.3 from 2007. Average
 interest earning assets of 6.6 billion for the 2008 grew
 1.3 billion or 24.1 from the same period of 2007
 primarily driven by the Omega and IRGB acquisitions which added
 average loans of 860.8 million and 64.5 million,
 respectively, in 2008. The Corporation also recognized organic
 average loan growth of 179.6 million during 2008. The
 yield on interest earning assets decreased 72 basis points
 to 6.25 for 2008 reflecting changes in interest rates.

Interest expense of 158.0 million for 2008 decreased by
 16.1 million or 9.2 from 2007. The rate paid on interest
 bearing liabilities decreased 95 basis points to 2.66 
 during 2008 reflecting changes in interest rates and a favorable
 shift in mix. Average interest bearing liabilities increased
 1.1 billion or 23.6 to average 5.9 billion for
 2008. This growth was primarily attributable to the Omega and
 IRGB acquisitions combined with organic growth. The Omega
 acquisition added 946.1 million in average deposits in
 2008, while the IRGB acquisition added 99.3 million in
 average deposits in 2008. The Corporation also recognized
 organic average deposit growth of 103.8 million during
 2008.

Provision
 for Loan Losses 

The provision for loan losses is determined based on
 management s estimates of the appropriate level of
 allowance for loan losses needed to absorb probable losses
 inherent in the existing loan portfolio, after giving
 consideration to charge-offs and recoveries for the period.

The provision for loan losses of 72.4 million in 2008
 increased 59.7 million from 2007 due to higher net
 charge-offs, additional specific reserves and increased
 allocations for a weaker economic environment. The significant
 increases primarily reflect continued deterioration in the
 Corporation s Florida market, and to a much lesser extent,
 the slowing economy in Pennsylvania. In 2008, net charge-offs
 were 32.6 million or 0.60 of average loans compared to
 12.5 million or 0.29 of average loans in 2007. Net
 charge-offs related to the Corporation s Florida market
 were 15.0 million or 5.02 of average loans in that
 market, while the net charge-offs relating to the Pennsylvania
 market (which excludes the Florida portfolio and includes the
 Regency portfolio) equaled 17.5 million or 0.34 of
 average loans in that market.

Non-performing loans were 143.7 million at
 December 31, 2008, an increase of 111.0 million from
 December 31, 2007. The majority of this increase is
 attributed to Florida, which accounted for 84.0 million or
 75.7 of the total increase, with the Corporation s
 remaining non-performing loans up 27.0 million or 24.3 of
 the total increase. At December 31, 2008, non-performing
 loans in the Corporation s Florida market were
 93.1 million, while non-performing loans in the
 Pennsylvania market were 50.6 million. The ratio of
 non-performing loans and other real estate owned (OREO) to total
 loans and OREO was 2.62 at December 31, 2008, compared to
 0.94 at December 31, 2007. The ratio of non-performing
 loans and OREO to total loans and OREO related to the
 Corporation s Florida market was 31.91 at
 December 31, 2008 compared to 1.06 relating to the
 Pennsylvania market.

At December 31, 2008, the ratio of the allowance for loan
 losses to total loans was 1.80 , a 58 basis point increase
 from 1.22 at the end of 2007. For the Florida portfolio, this
 ratio equaled 9.69 at year-end 2008 and 1.38 for the
 Pennsylvania portfolio. At December 31, 2008, the allowance
 for loan losses covered 72.88 of non-performing loans, compared
 to 161.59 at December 31, 2007. For the Florida portfolio,
 this ratio was 30.61 at December 31, 2008 and 150.68 for
 the Pennsylvania portfolio.

For additional information, refer to the Allowance and Provision
 for Loan Losses section of this financial review.

Non-Interest
 Income 

Total non-interest income of 86.1 million in 2008
 increased 4.5 million or 5.5 from 2007. This increase
 resulted primarily from increases in all major fee businesses
 reflecting organic growth and the impact of acquisitions,
 partially offset by decreases in gain on sale of securities,
 impairment loss on securities and other non-interest income.

41

Table of Contents 

Service charges on loans and deposits of 54.7 million for
 2008 increased 13.9 million or 34.0 from 2007, reflecting
 organic growth and the expansion of the Corporation s
 customer base as a result of the Omega and IRGB acquisitions
 during 2008.

Insurance commissions and fees of 15.6 million for 2008
 increased 1.6 million or 11.3 from 2007 primarily as a
 result of the acquisition of Omega during 2008 partially offset
 by a decrease in contingent fee income.

Securities commissions of 8.1 million for 2008 increased
 by 1.8 million or 28.5 from 2007 primarily due to the
 acquisition of Omega during 2008 and an increase in annuity
 revenue due to the declining interest rate environment,
 partially offset by lower activity due to market conditions.

Trust fees of 12.1 million in 2008 increased by
 3.5 million or 41.0 from 2007 due to growth in assets
 under management resulting from the Omega acquisition during
 2008 combined with increases in estate accounts, partially
 offset by the negative effect of market conditions on assets
 under management.

Income from bank owned life insurance of 6.4 million for
 2008 increased by 2.3 million or 55.6 from 2007. This
 increase was primarily attributable to the Omega and IRGB
 acquisitions in 2008 combined with increases in crediting rates
 paid on the insurance policies.

Gain on sale of mortgage loans of 1.8 million for 2008
 increased by 0.1 million or 6.4 from 2007 due to higher
 volume and increased prices on mortgage sales in 2008, partially
 offset by a loss on the sale of student loans during 2007.

Gain on sale of securities of 0.8 million decreased
 0.3 million or 27.8 from 2007 as management did not sell
 as many equity securities during 2008 due to unfavorable market
 prices in the bank stock portfolio. During 2008, most of the
 gain related to the Visa, Inc. initial public offering. The
 Corporation is a member of Visa USA since it issues Visa debit
 cards. As such, a portion of the Corporation s ownership
 interest in Visa was redeemed in exchange for 0.7 million.
 This entire amount was recorded as gain on sale of securities
 since the Corporation s cost basis in Visa is zero.

Impairment loss on securities of 17.2 million increased by
 17.1 million from 2007 due to impairment losses during
 2008 of 16.0 million related to investments in pooled
 trust preferred securities and 1.2 million related to
 investments in bank stocks.

Other income of 3.8 million for 2008 decreased
 1.3 million or 25.2 from 2007. The primary reason for
 this decrease was due to a 3.4 million impairment loss
 primarily relating to two mezzanine loans made by the
 Corporation s merchant banking subsidiary, with
 2.1 million related to a Florida-based company and the
 other 1.0 million related to a company with substantial
 exposure to the automobile industry. These decreases were
 partially offset by an increase of 2.6 million in swap fee
 income during 2008.

Non-Interest
 Expense 

Total non-interest expense of 222.7 million in 2008
 increased 57.1 million or 34.5 from 2007. This increase
 was primarily attributable to operating expenses resulting from
 the Omega and IRGB acquisitions in 2008.

Salaries and employee benefits of 116.8 million in 2008
 increased 29.6 million or 33.9 from 2007. This increase
 was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of Omega and IRGB
 during 2008 combined with normal annual compensation and benefit
 increases, additional costs associated with the transition of
 the Corporation s senior leadership and higher accrued
 expense for the Corporation s long-term restricted stock
 program. The Corporation s full-time equivalent employees
 increased 33.4 from 1,762 at December 31, 2007 to 2,350 at
 December 31, 2008, primarily due to the Omega and IRGB
 acquisitions. The Corporation also recorded 1.1 million in
 additional expense relating to the retirement of an executive
 during the second quarter of 2008. Additionally, 2007 included a
 credit of 1.6 million relating to the restructuring of the
 Corporation s postretirement benefit plan.

Combined net occupancy and equipment expense of
 34.2 million in 2008 increased 6.5 million or 23.5 
 from the combined 2007 level, primarily due to the Omega and
 IRGB acquisitions during 2008.

Amortization of intangibles expense of 6.4 million in 2008
 increased 2.0 million or 46.2 from 2007 primarily due to
 higher intangible balances resulting from the Omega and IRGB
 acquisitions during 2008.

42

Table of Contents 

Outside services expense of 20.9 million in 2008 increased
 5.0 million or 31.1 from 2007 primarily due to the Omega
 and IRGB acquisitions during 2008, combined with higher fees for
 professional services.

State tax expense of 6.6 million in 2008 increased
 1.1 million or 20.2 from 2007 primarily due to higher net
 worth based taxes resulting from the Corporation s
 acquisitions of Omega and IRGB in 2008.

Advertising and promotional expense of 4.6 million in 2008
 increased 1.2 million or 57.5 from 2007 due to increased
 advertising in connection with the Corporation s
 acquisitions of Omega and IRGB in 2008.

The Corporation recorded merger-related expenses of
 4.7 million in 2008 relating to the acquisitions of Omega
 and IRGB compared to 0.2 million in 2007. Information
 relating to the Corporation s acquisitions is discussed in
 the Mergers and Acquisitions footnote in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report.

Other non-interest expenses of 25.6 million in 2008
 increased 6.2 million or 32.1 from 2007. This increase
 was primarily due to additional operating costs associated with
 the Corporation s acquisitions of Omega and IRGB in 2008.
 Additionally, OREO expense of 2.1 million in 2008
 increased 1.6 million from 2007 due to increased
 foreclosure activity and write-downs of OREO property.

Income
 Taxes 

The Corporation s income tax expense of 7.2 million
 for 2008 decreased by 21.2 million or 74.6 from 2007. The
 effective tax rate of 16.9 for 2008 declined from 29.0 for the
 prior year, primarily due to lower pre-tax income for 2008. The
 income tax expense for 2008 and 2007 were favorably impacted by
 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively, due to
 the resolution of previously uncertain tax positions. The lower
 effective tax rate also reflects benefits resulting from
 tax-exempt income on investments, loans and bank owned life
 insurance. Both periods tax rates are lower than the 35.0 
 federal statutory tax rate due to the tax benefits primarily
 resulting from tax-exempt instruments and excludable dividend
 income.

Year
 Ended December 31, 2007 Compared to Year Ended
 December 31, 2006 

Net income for 2007 was 69.7 million or 1.15 per diluted
 share, an increase of 2.0 million or 3.0 from net income
 for 2006 of 67.6 million or 1.14 per diluted share. The
 increase in net income is a result of several factors, including
 loan growth, recurring fee income and controlling expenses, as
 well as the full year impact of the Legacy acquisition.
 Additionally, the 2007 income taxes were favorably impacted by
 0.9 million due to the expiration of an uncertain tax
 position.

The Corporation s return on average equity was 12.89 , its
 return on average tangible equity was 26.23 , its return on
 average assets was 1.15 and its return on tangible assets was
 1.25 for 2007, as compared to 13.15 , 26.30 , 1.15 and 1.25 ,
 respectively, for 2006.

Net
 Interest Income 

Net interest income, which is the Corporation s major
 source of revenue, is the difference between interest income
 from earning assets and interest expense paid on liabilities. In
 2007, net interest income, which comprised 70.5 of net revenue
 as compared to 70.4 in 2006, was affected by the general level
 of interest rates, changes in interest rates, the shape of the
 yield curve and changes in the amount and mix of interest
 earning assets and interest bearing liabilities.

Net interest income, on an FTE basis, increased
 6.7 million or 3.5 from 192.8 million for 2006 to
 199.5 million for 2007. Average interest earning assets
 increased 160.6 million or 3.1 and average interest
 bearing liabilities increased 150.8 million or 3.2 from
 2006 due to organic commercial loan and deposit growth and the
 Legacy acquisition. The Corporation s net interest margin
 increased by 2 basis points from 2006 to 3.73 for 2007 as
 higher rates on interest earning assets were partially offset by
 increased rates paid on interest bearing liabilities and lower
 balances of non-interest bearing demand deposits.

Interest income, on an FTE basis, of 373.5 million in
 2007, increased by 27.2 million or 7.9 from 2006. This
 increase was caused by an improvement in the yield on interest
 earning assets of 30 basis points to 6.97 

43

Table of Contents 

for 2007 and an increase in average interest earning assets of
 160.6 million or 3.1 from 2006. The increase in average
 interest earning assets was driven by an increase of
 245.2 million in average loans, partially offset by a
 decrease of 71.9 million in average investment securities.
 The increase in average loans was a result of a combination of
 organic growth and the Legacy acquisition while the decrease in
 average investment securities partially funded loan growth.

Interest expense of 174.1 million for 2007 increased by
 20.5 million or 13.3 from 2006. This increase was
 primarily attributable to an increase of 32 basis points in
 the Corporation s cost of funds to 3.61 for 2007. Also,
 average interest bearing liabilities increased
 150.8 million or 3.2 to 4.8 billion for 2007. This
 growth was primarily attributable to a combined increase of
 146.3 million or 7.8 in the core deposit categories of
 average interest bearing demand deposit and savings, a
 53.7 million or 25.2 increase in average treasury
 management accounts and an increase in average certificates and
 other time deposits of 14.9 million or 0.9 . Average
 interest bearing demand, savings and certificates and other time
 deposits increased due to organic growth resulting from an
 expanded suite of deposit products designed to attract and
 retain customers and from the Legacy acquisition. Average
 treasury management accounts increased primarily due to the
 implementation of a strategic initiative to increase and expand
 commercial deposit relationships. The average balance for junior
 subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts also
 increased by 8.7 million or 6.1 for 2007 due to the
 issuance of 21.5 million of new debt in mid-2006 to
 partially finance the Legacy acquisition. Partially offsetting
 these increases was a decline in average long-term debt of
 75.2 million or 13.9 from 2006.

Provision
 for Loan Losses 

The provision for loan losses is determined based on
 management s estimates of the appropriate level of
 allowance for loan losses needed to absorb probable losses
 inherent in the existing loan portfolio, after giving
 consideration to charge-offs and recoveries for the period.

The provision for loan losses of 12.7 million in 2007
 increased 2.3 million or 21.9 from 2006 primarily due to
 actions taken during late 2007 relating to one developer
 relationship in the Florida market. These actions included the
 charge-off of 0.9 million relating to one project and the
 recording of a specific reserve of 2.0 million relating to
 a second project. Additionally, the Corporation transferred the
 remaining 1.7 million relating to the first project to
 other real estate owned and transferred the entire
 8.2 million balance of the second project to non-accrual
 status. In 2007, net charge-offs totaled 12.5 million or
 0.29 of average loans compared to 11.6 million or 0.29 
 of average loans in 2006. The ratio of non-performing loans to
 total loans was 0.75 at December 31, 2007, compared to
 0.66 at December 31, 2006, and the ratio of non-performing
 assets to total assets was 0.67 and 0.57 , respectively, at
 these same dates. For additional information, refer to the
 Allowance and Provision for Loan Losses section of this
 financial review.

Non-Interest
 Income 

Total non-interest income of 81.6 million in 2007
 increased 2.3 million or 2.9 from 2006. This increase
 resulted primarily from increases in all major fee businesses
 except for insurance-related fees, partially offset by decreases
 in gain on sale of securities and other non-interest income.

Service charges on loans and deposits of 40.8 million for
 2007 increased 0.8 million or 1.9 from 2006, reflecting
 expansion of the Corporation s customer base as a result of
 the Legacy acquisition in 2006 and also due to higher activity
 in check card and business demand deposit account fees.
 Insurance commissions and fees were 14.0 million for 2007,
 which remained stable compared to 2006 as growth in the book of
 business was offset by lower commissions. As a result of a soft
 renewal market in the insurance industry, many account renewal
 commissions have declined due to lower premiums charged by
 insurance carriers. Securities commissions of 6.3 million
 for 2007 increased by 1.5 million or 30.0 from 2006
 levels primarily due to higher organic annuity and securities
 sales. Trust fees of 8.6 million in 2007 increased by
 0.8 million or 10.2 from 2006 due to growth in assets
 under management resulting from organic growth in overall trust
 assets, higher equity valuations and the Legacy acquisition in
 2006. Gain (loss) on sale of securities of 1.2 million
 decreased 0.6 million or 35.9 from 2006 as management did
 not sell any equity securities during the second half of 2007
 due to unfavorable market prices in the bank stock portfolio.
 Gain on sale of mortgage loans of 1.7 million for 2007
 increased by 0.1 million

44

Table of Contents 

or 6.7 from 2006 due to an increase in mortgage origination
 volume in 2007. Income from bank owned life insurance of
 4.1 million for 2007 increased by 0.7 million or
 22.2 from 2006 due to a combination of a higher crediting rate
 in 2007 and the Legacy acquisition in 2006. Other income of
 5.0 million for 2007 decreased 0.8 million or 13.6 
 from 2006. The primary reason for this decrease was
 0.8 million in lower gains on settlements of impaired
 loans acquired in previous acquisitions. In 2006, the
 Corporation recognized gains on settlements of impaired loans of
 1.3 million compared to 0.5 million in 2007. The
 Corporation also recognized a loss of 0.5 million in 2007
 on the sale of a building acquired in a previous merger.
 Offsetting these decreases was a 0.4 million increase in
 customer swap fee income.

Non-Interest
 Expense 

Total non-interest expense of 165.6 million in 2007
 increased 5.1 million or 3.2 from 2006. This increase was
 primarily attributable to operating expenses resulting from the
 Legacy acquisition in 2006.

Salaries and employee benefits of 87.2 million in 2007
 increased 3.6 million or 4.3 from 2006. This increase was
 primarily attributable to normal annual compensation and benefit
 increases, additional costs associated with the employees
 retained from the Corporation s acquisition of Legacy in
 2006, higher commission expense tied to growth in securities
 commission revenue and an increase in stock compensation expense
 related to the issuance of restricted stock, partially offset by
 lower expense due to the amendment to the Corporation s
 pension and postretirement benefit plans and lower medical
 expenses. Combined net occupancy and equipment expense of
 27.7 million in 2007 increased 0.2 million or 0.6 
 from the combined 2006 level. This increase was primarily due to
 additional operating costs associated with the
 Corporation s acquisition of Legacy in 2006, the opening of
 a new branch in 2006 and several new loan production offices in
 2006 and 2007, partially offset by lower depreciation on
 equipment. Amortization of intangibles expense of
 4.4 million in 2007 increased 0.3 million or 6.2 
 from 2006 due to the amortization of additional core deposit and
 other intangibles as a result of the Corporation s
 acquisition of Legacy in 2006. State taxes of 5.5 million
 in 2007 increased 0.8 million or 16.4 from 2006 primarily
 due to higher net worth based taxes resulting from the
 Corporation s acquisition of Legacy in 2006. Advertising
 and promotional expense of 2.9 million in 2007 increased
 0.1 million or 2.4 from 2006 due to the
 Corporation s acquisition of Legacy in 2006. The
 Corporation recorded merger-related expenses of
 0.2 million in 2007 relating to the then-pending
 acquisition of Omega and 0.6 million in 2006 related to
 costs incurred as a result of the acquisition of Legacy. The
 acquisition of Omega is discussed in the Mergers and
 Acquisitions footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this Report.
 Other non-interest expenses of 35.4 million in 2007
 increased 0.9 million or 2.5 from 2006. This increase was
 primarily due to additional operating costs associated with the
 Corporation s acquisition of Legacy in 2006 and higher fees
 for outside professional services.

Income
 Taxes 

The Corporation s income tax expense of 28.5 million
 for 2007 decreased by 1.1 million or 3.6 from 2006. The
 effective tax rate of 29.0 for 2007 declined from 30.4 for the
 prior year. The income tax expense for 2007 was favorably
 impacted by 0.9 million due to the expiration of an
 uncertain tax position. The lower effective tax rate also
 reflects benefits resulting from tax-exempt income on
 investments, loans and bank owned life insurance. Both
 periods tax rates are lower than the 35.0 federal
 statutory tax rate due to the tax benefits primarily resulting
 from tax-exempt instruments and excludable dividend income.

Liquidity 

The Corporation s goal in liquidity management is to
 satisfy the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers
 as well as the operating cash needs of the Corporation with
 cost-effective funding. The Board of Directors of the
 Corporation has established an Asset/Liability Policy in order
 to achieve and maintain earnings performance consistent with
 long-term goals while maintaining acceptable levels of interest
 rate risk, a well-capitalized balance sheet and
 adequate levels of liquidity. The Board of Directors of the
 Corporation has also established a Contingency Funding Policy to
 address liquidity crisis conditions. These policies designate
 the Corporate Asset/Liability Committee (ALCO) as the body
 responsible for meeting these objectives. The ALCO, which
 includes members of executive management, reviews liquidity on a
 periodic basis and approves significant

45

Table of Contents 

changes in strategies that affect balance sheet or cash flow
 positions. Liquidity is centrally managed on a daily basis by
 the Corporation s Treasury Department.

The principal sources of the parent company s liquidity are
 its strong existing cash resources plus dividends it receives
 from its subsidiaries. These dividends may be impacted by the
 parent s or the subsidiaries capital needs, statutory
 laws and regulations, corporate policies, contractual
 restrictions and other factors. Cash on hand at the parent at
 December 31, 2008 was 66.8 million, up from
 21.7 million at December 31, 2007, as the Corporation
 took a number of actions to bolster its cash position. On
 January 21, 2009, the Corporation s Board of Directors
 elected to reduce the common stock dividend from 0.24 to 0.12
 per quarter, thus reducing 2009 s liquidity needs by
 approximately 43.1 million. The parent also may draw on
 approved guidance lines of credit with two major domestic banks.
 These lines were unused and totaled 40.0 million and
 90.0 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2008
 and December 31, 2007. In addition, the Corporation also
 issues subordinated notes on a regular basis. Finally, on
 January 9, 2009, the Corporation completed the sale of
 100,000 shares of newly issued preferred stock valued at
 100.0 million as part of the U.S. Treasury s
 CPP. These funds will complement the Corporation s already
 well-capitalized position and strengthen its ability to meet its
 customer s needs.

The Corporation s bank subsidiary generates liquidity from
 its normal business operations. Liquidity sources from assets
 include payments from loans and investments as well as the
 ability to securitize, pledge or sell loans, investment
 securities and other assets. Liquidity sources from liabilities
 are generated primarily through the 225 banking offices of FNBPA
 in the form of deposits and treasury management accounts. The
 Corporation also has access to reliable and cost-effective
 wholesale sources of liquidity. Short-term and long-term funds
 can be acquired to help fund normal business operations as well
 as serve as contingency funding in the event that the
 Corporation would be faced with a liquidity crisis.

The recent financial market crisis, which began in 2007,
 escalated in the second half of 2008 and resulted in the
 U.S. Treasury, FRB and FDIC intervening with a number of
 programs designed to provide direct liquidity, capital or
 increased deposit insurance to the U.S. financial system.
 The Corporation has voluntarily elected to participate in a
 number of these programs, including the previously mentioned
 U.S. Treasury s CPP program and the FDIC s TLGP.

The liquidity position of the Corporation generally improved
 over the course of 2008. Its strong branch network was able to
 grow deposits and treasury management accounts. As a result, the
 Corporation is less reliant on capital markets funding as
 witnessed by growth in its ratio of total deposits and treasury
 management accounts to total assets to 77.3 from 76.8 as of
 December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively.
 The Corporation had unused wholesale credit availability of
 2.2 billion or 26.8 of total assets at December 31,
 2008 and 1.9 billion or 31.2 of total assets at
 December 31, 2007. These sources include the availability
 to borrow from the FHLB, the FRB, correspondent bank lines and
 access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. The
 Corporation took a number of actions to bolster liquidity
 throughout 2008. These actions included a 200.0 million
 increase in federal fund lines, increased brokered CD capacity
 and becoming a participant in CDARS. Further, the
 Corporation s election not to opt out of the FDIC s
 TLGP resulted in 140.0 million of increased funding
 availability.

The ALCO regularly monitors various liquidity ratios and
 forecasts of its liquidity position. Management believes the
 Corporation has sufficient liquidity available to meet its
 normal operating and contingency funding cash needs.

Market
 Risk 

Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in
 interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and
 commodity prices. The Corporation is susceptible to current and
 future impairment charges on holdings in its investment
 portfolio. The Securities footnote, in the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this
 Report, discusses the impairment charges taken during the fourth
 quarter of 2008 relating to the pooled trust preferred
 securities and bank stock portfolios. The Securities footnote
 also discusses the ongoing process management utilizes to
 determine whether impairment exists.

46

Table of Contents 

The Corporation is primarily exposed to interest rate risk
 inherent in its lending and deposit-taking activities as a
 financial intermediary. To succeed in this capacity, the
 Corporation offers an extensive variety of financial products to
 meet the diverse needs of its customers. These products
 sometimes contribute to interest rate risk for the Corporation
 when product groups do not complement one another. For example,
 depositors may want short-term deposits while borrowers desire
 long-term loans.

Changes in market interest rates may result in changes in the
 fair value of the Corporation s financial instruments, cash
 flows and net interest income. The ALCO is responsible for
 market risk management: devising policy guidelines, risk
 measures and limits, and managing the amount of interest rate
 risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. The
 Corporation uses derivative financial instruments for interest
 rate risk management purposes and not for trading or speculative
 purposes.

Interest rate risk is comprised of repricing risk, basis risk,
 yield curve risk and options risk. Repricing risk arises from
 differences in the cash flow or repricing between asset and
 liability portfolios. Basis risk arises when asset and liability
 portfolios are related to different market rate indexes, which
 do not always change by the same amount. Yield curve risk arises
 when asset and liability portfolios are related to different
 maturities on a given yield curve; when the yield curve changes
 shape, the risk position is altered. Options risk arises from
 embedded options within asset and liability products
 as certain borrowers have the option to prepay their loans when
 rates fall while certain depositors can redeem their
 certificates of deposit early when rates rise.

The Corporation uses a sophisticated asset/liability model to
 measure its interest rate risk. Interest rate risk measures
 utilized by the Corporation include earnings simulation,
 economic value of equity (EVE) and gap analysis.

Gap analysis and EVE are static measures that do not incorporate
 assumptions regarding future business. Gap analysis, while a
 helpful diagnostic tool, displays cash flows for only a single
 rate environment. EVE s long-term horizon helps identify
 changes in optionality and longer-term positions. However,
 EVE s liquidation perspective does not translate into the
 earnings-based measures that are the focus of managing and
 valuing a going concern. Net interest income simulations
 explicitly measure the exposure to earnings from changes in
 market rates of interest. In these simulations, the
 Corporation s current financial position is combined with
 assumptions regarding future business to calculate net interest
 income under various hypothetical rate scenarios. The ALCO
 reviews earnings simulations over multiple years under various
 interest rate scenarios on a periodic basis. Reviewing these
 various measures provides the Corporation with a comprehensive
 view of its interest rate profile.

The following gap analysis compares the difference between the
 amount of interest earning assets (IEA) and interest bearing
 liabilities (IBL) subject to repricing over a period of time. A
 ratio of more than one indicates a higher level of repricing
 assets over repricing liabilities for the time period.
 Conversely, a ratio of less than one indicates a higher level of
 repricing liabilities over repricing assets for the time period.

47

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the amounts of IEA and IBL as of
 December 31, 2008 that are subject to repricing within the
 periods indicated (dollars in thousands):

Within 

2-3 

4-6 

7-12 

Total 

1 Month 

Months 

Months 

Months 

1 Year 

Interest Earning Assets (IEA) 

Loans

1,516,746

560,717

416,832

629,236

3,123,531

Investments

72,775

116,302

129,288

165,466

483,831

1,589,521

677,019

546,120

794,702

3,607,362

Interest Bearing Liabilities (IBL) 

Non-maturity deposits

906,360

366,963

1,273,323

Time deposits

147,115

233,708

411,290

518,007

1,310,120

Borrowings

514,836

40,868

20,406

171,873

747,983

1,568,311

641,539

431,696

689,880

3,331,426

Period Gap

21,210

35,480

114,424

104,822

275,936

Cumulative Gap

21,210

56,690

171,114

275,936

IEA/IBL (Cumulative)

1.01

1.03

1.06

1.08

Cumulative Gap to IEA

0.30 

0.79 

2.39 

3.85 

The cumulative twelve-month IEA to IBL ratio changed to 1.08 for
 December 31, 2008 from 1.03 for December 31, 2007.

The allocation of non-maturity deposits to the one-month
 maturity category is based on the estimated sensitivity of each
 product to changes in market rates. For example, if a
 product s rate is estimated to increase by 50 as much as
 the market rates, then 50 of the account balance was placed in
 this category. The current allocation is representative of the
 estimated sensitivities for a +/- 100 basis point change in
 market rates.

The measures were calculated using rate shocks, representing
 immediate rate changes that move all market rates by the same
 amount. The variance percentages represent the change between
 the net interest income or EVE calculated under the particular
 rate shock versus the net interest income or EVE that was
 calculated assuming market rates as of December 31, 2008.

The following table presents an analysis of the potential
 sensitivity of the Corporation s net interest income and
 EVE to changes in interest rates:

ALCO 

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Guidelines 

Net interest income change (12 months):

+ 200 basis points

(0.3

(2

.0)

+/ 5.0

+ 100 basis points

0.2

(0

.5)

+/ 5.0

100 basis points

(2.4

(1

.7)

+/ 5.0

Economic value of equity:

+ 200 basis points

(0.1

(5

.4)

+ 100 basis points

1.1

(1

.7)

100 basis points

6.3

(3

.3)

The Corporation s overall level of interest rate risk is
 considered to be relatively low and stable. This is evidenced by
 a relatively stable net interest margin despite the recent
 market rate volatility. The Corporation has a relatively neutral
 interest rate risk position.

During 2008, the ALCO utilized several strategies to maintain
 the Corporation s interest rate risk position at a
 relatively neutral level. For example, the Corporation
 successfully achieved growth in longer-term certificates of
 deposit. On the lending side, the Corporation regularly sells
 long-term fixed-rate residential mortgages to the

48

Table of Contents 

secondary market and has been successful in the origination of
 commercial loans with short-term repricing characteristics.
 Total variable and adjustable-rate loans increased from 49.5 of
 total loans as of December 31, 2007 to 55.9 of total loans
 as of December 31, 2008. The investment portfolio is used,
 in part, to improve the Corporation s interest rate risk
 position. The average life of the investment portfolio is
 relatively low at 2.4 years. Finally, the Corporation has
 made use of interest rate swaps to lessen its interest rate risk
 position. For additional information regarding interest rate
 swaps, see the Interest Rate Swaps footnote in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report.

The Corporation recognizes that asset/liability models such as
 those used by the Corporation to measure its interest rate risk
 are based on methodologies that may have inherent shortcomings.
 Furthermore, asset/liability models require certain assumptions
 to be made, such as prepayment rates on interest earning assets
 and pricing impact on non-maturity deposits, which may differ
 from actual experience. These business assumptions are based
 upon the Corporation s experience, business plans and
 published industry experience. While management believes such
 assumptions to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that
 modeled results will be achieved.

Contractual
 Obligations, Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet
 Arrangements 

The following table sets forth contractual obligations of
 principal that represent required and potential cash outflows as
 of December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Within 

After 

1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

5 Years 

Total 

Deposits without a stated maturity

3,736,167

3,736,167

Certificates and other time deposits

1,313,089

689,426

295,865

20,076

2,318,456

Operating leases

4,530

6,503

4,446

14,364

29,843

Long-term debt

198,141

243,370

47,234

1,505

490,250

5,251,927

939,299

347,545

35,945

6,574,716

The following table sets forth the amounts and expected
 maturities of commitments to extend credit and standby letters
 of credit as of December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Within 

After 

1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

5 Years 

Total 

Commitments to extend credit

1,006,526

54,944

108,384

84,616

1,254,470

Standby letters of credit

69,812

9,902

16,994

308

97,016

1,076,338

64,846

125,378

84,924

1,351,486

Commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit do
 not necessarily represent future cash requirements because while
 the borrower has the ability to draw upon these commitments at
 any time, these commitments often expire without being drawn
 upon. For additional information relating to commitments to
 extend credit and standby letters of credit, see the
 Commitments, Credit Risk and Contingencies footnote in the Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report.

Lending
 Activity 

The loan portfolio consists principally of loans to individuals
 and small- and medium-sized businesses within the
 Corporation s primary market area of Pennsylvania and
 northeastern Ohio. In addition, the portfolio contains consumer
 finance loans to individuals in Pennsylvania, Ohio and
 Tennessee, which totaled 158.0 million or 2.7 of total
 loans as of December 31, 2008. The Corporation also
 operates commercial loan production offices in Pennsylvania and
 Florida and mortgage loan production offices in Ohio and
 Tennessee. The Corporation had commercial loans in Florida
 totaling 294.2 million or 5.1 of total loans as of
 December 31, 2008.

49

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of loans (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Commercial

3,173,941

2,232,860

2,111,752

1,613,960

1,440,674

Direct installment

1,070,791

941,249

926,766

890,288

820,886

Consumer lines of credit

340,750

251,100

254,054

262,969

251,037

Residential mortgages

638,356

465,881

490,215

485,542

479,769

Indirect installment

531,430

427,663

461,214

493,740

389,754

Other

65,112

25,482

9,143

2,548

7,341

5,820,380

4,344,235

4,253,144

3,749,047

3,389,461

Total loans at December 31, 2008 increased by
 1.5 billion or 33.8 to 5.8 billion as compared to
 December 31, 2007. This growth primarily relates to the
 acquisitions of Omega and IRGB, which added loans of
 1.1 billion and 168.8 million, respectively, at the
 time of each acquisition, combined with organic growth.

Total loans at December 31, 2007 increased by
 91.1 million or 2.1 to 4.3 billion as compared to
 December 31, 2006. During this period, the commercial loan
 segment grew by 121.1 million due to the
 Corporation s focus on growth in the Florida market as well
 as the Pittsburgh and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania markets.

The Corporation had commercial loans in Florida totaling
 294.2 million or 5.1 of total loans as of
 December 31, 2008, which was comprised of the following:
 unimproved residential land (20.9 ), unimproved commercial land
 (22.7 ), improved land (7.0 ), income producing commercial real
 estate (26.8 ), residential construction (9.8 ), commercial
 construction (9.5 ), commercial and industrial (2.2 and
 owner-occupied (1.1 ). The weighted average loan-to-value ratio
 for this portfolio is 73.7 as of December 31, 2008.

The majority of the Corporation s loan portfolio consists
 of commercial loans, which is comprised of both commercial real
 estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. As of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, commercial real estate loans
 were 2.0 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, or
 34.3 and 32.1 of total loans. As of December 31, 2008,
 approximately 46.0 of the commercial real estate loans are
 owner occupied, while the remaining 54.0 are non-owner
 occupied. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Corporation
 had construction loans of 269.8 million and
 201.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2008
 and 2007, there were no concentrations of loans relating to any
 industry in excess of 10 of total loans.

Following is a summary of the maturity distribution of certain
 loan categories based on remaining scheduled repayments of
 principal as of December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Within 

1-5 

Over 

1 Year 

Years 

5 Years 

Total 

Commercial

329,120

773,894

2,070,928

3,173,942

Residential mortgages

1,798

28,249

608,309

638,356

330,918

802,143

2,679,237

3,812,298

The total amount of loans due after one year includes
 2.6 billion with floating or adjustable rates of interest
 and 868.5 million with fixed rates of interest.

For additional information relating to lending activity, see the
 Loans footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this Report.

Non-Performing
 Loans 

Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans and restructured
 loans. Non-accrual loans represent loans on which interest
 accruals have been discontinued. Restructured loans are loans in
 which the borrower has been granted a concession on the interest
 rate or the original repayment terms due to financial distress,
 and for which interest accruals have also been discontinued.

50

Table of Contents 

The Corporation discontinues interest accruals when principal or
 interest is due and has remained unpaid for 90 to 180 days
 depending on the loan type, unless the loan is both well secured
 and in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on
 non-accrual status, all unpaid interest is reversed. Non-accrual
 loans may not be restored to accrual status until all delinquent
 principal and interest have been paid and the borrower
 demonstrates sufficient repayment performance.

Non-performing loans are closely monitored on an ongoing basis
 as part of the Corporation s loan review and work-out
 process. The potential risk of loss on these loans is evaluated
 by comparing the loan balance to the fair value of any
 underlying collateral or the present value of projected future
 cash flows. Losses are recognized when appropriate.

Following is a summary of non-performing loans (dollars in
 thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Non-accrual loans

139,607

29,211

24,636

28,100

27,029

Restructured loans

4,097

3,468

3,492

5,032

4,993

143,704

32,679

28,128

33,132

32,022

Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans

2.47

0.75

0.66

0.88

0.94

Non-performing loans at December 31, 2008 included
 93.1 million relating to the Corporation s Florida
 loan portfolio, representing 64.8 of total non-performing
 loans. At December 31, 2008, the Florida non-performing
 loans were 31.65 of total loans in that market, while the
 Pennsylvania non-performing loans were 0.92 of total loans in
 that market.

Following is a table showing the amounts of contractual interest
 income and actual interest income related to non-accrual and
 restructured loans (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Gross interest income:

Per contractual terms

6,408

2,378

2,046

3,179

2,076

Recorded during the year

347

362

458

528

727

Following is a summary of loans 90 days or more past due on
 which interest accruals continue (dollars in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Loans 90 days or more past due

14,067

7,540

5,528

5,755

5,113

As a percentage of total loans

0.24

0.17

0.13

0.15

0.15

Allowance
 and Provision for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses represents management s
 estimate of probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio
 at a specific point in time. This estimate includes losses
 associated with specifically identified loans, as well as
 estimated probable credit losses inherent in the remainder of
 the loan portfolio. Additions are made to the allowance through
 both periodic provisions charged to income and recoveries of
 losses previously incurred. Reductions to the allowance occur as
 loans are charged off. Management evaluates the adequacy of the
 allowance at least quarterly, and in doing so relies on various
 factors including, but not limited to, assessment of historical
 loss experience, delinquency and non-accrual trends, portfolio
 growth, underlying collateral coverage and current economic
 conditions. This evaluation is subjective and requires material
 estimates that may change over time.

During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Corporation developed a
 separate methodology for determining the allowance for loan
 losses related to its Florida loan portfolio. The Florida
 methodology is very similar to the methodology used for the
 Pennsylvania loan portfolio, however it specifically analyzes
 all of the aforementioned risks and how they directly relate to
 the Corporation s Florida loans including, but not limited
 to, current levels and

51

Table of Contents 

trends of the portfolio composition, collateral, charge-offs,
 non-performing assets, delinquency, risk rating migration,
 competition, legal and regulatory issues and local economic
 trends.

The components of the allowance for loan losses represent
 estimates based upon FAS 5, Accounting for
 Contingencies , and FAS 114, Accounting by Creditors
 for Impairment of a Loan . FAS 5 applies to homogeneous
 loan pools such as consumer installment, residential mortgages
 and consumer lines of credit, as well as commercial loans that
 are not individually evaluated for impairment under
 FAS 114. FAS 114 is applied to commercial loans that
 are individually evaluated for impairment.

Under FAS 114, a loan is impaired when, based upon current
 information and events, it is probable that the loan will not be
 repaid according to its original contractual terms, including
 both principal and interest. Management performs individual
 assessments of impaired loans to determine the existence of loss
 exposure and, where applicable, the extent of loss exposure
 based upon the present value of expected future cash flows
 available to pay the loan, or based upon the estimated
 realizable collateral where a loan is collateral dependent. The
 majority of loans less than 250,000 are excluded from
 FAS 114 individual impairment analysis and are collectively
 evaluated by management to estimate reserves for loan losses
 inherent in those loans in accordance with FAS 5.

In estimating loan loss contingencies, management applies
 historical loan loss rates and also considers, but is not
 limited to, how the loss rates may be impacted by changes in
 current economic conditions, delinquency and non-performing loan
 trends, changes in loan underwriting guidelines and credit
 policies, as well as the results of internal loan reviews.
 Homogeneous loan pools are evaluated using similar criteria that
 are based upon historical loss rates of various loan types.
 Historical loss rates are adjusted to incorporate changes in
 existing conditions that may impact, both positively or
 negatively, the degree to which these loss histories may vary.
 This determination inherently involves a high degree of
 uncertainty and considers current risk factors that may not have
 occurred in the Corporation s historical loan loss
 experience.

Following is a summary of changes in the allowance for loan
 losses (dollars in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Balance at beginning of period

52,806

52,575

50,707

50,467

46,139

Additions due to acquisitions

12,150

21

3,035

4,996

4,354

Reductions due to branch sales

(59

(54

Charge-offs:

Commercial

(21,448

(3,034

(2,642

(3,422

(2,333

Installment

(11,335

(9,413

(9,811

(14,847

(14,736

Residential mortgage

(3,092

(2,766

(2,215

(966

(639

Other

(39

(12

(472

(1,088

Total charge-offs

(35,914

(15,213

(14,680

(19,707

(18,796

Recoveries:

Commercial

1,180

430

764

650

667

Installment

1,668

1,850

1,919

1,891

1,651

Residential mortgage

448

400

319

144

94

Other

21

50

99

149

132

Total recoveries

3,317

2,730

3,101

2,834

2,544

Net charge-offs

(32,597

(12,483

(11,579

(16,873

(16,252

Provision for loan losses

72,371

12,693

10,412

12,176

16,280

Balance at end of period

104,730

52,806

52,575

50,707

50,467

Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans, net of unearned
 income

0.60

0.29

0.29

0.46

0.50

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans, net of
 unearned income

1.80

1.22

1.24

1.35

1.49

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of non-performing loans

72.88

161.59

186.91

153.05

157.60

52

Table of Contents 

The installment category in the above table includes direct
 installment, consumer lines of credit and indirect installment
 loans. The other category in the above table includes lease
 financing.

For the year ended December 31, 2008, net charge-offs
 related to the Corporation s Florida market were
 15.0 million or 5.02 of average loans in that market,
 while the net charge-offs relating to the Pennsylvania market
 were 17.5 million or 0.34 of average loans in that
 market. As of December 31, 2008, the allowance for loan
 losses as a percentage of total loans relating to the
 Corporation s Florida market was 9.69 , while the allowance
 for loan losses as a percentage of total loans relating to the
 Pennsylvania market was 1.38 . As of December 31, 2008, the
 allowance for loans losses as a percentage of non-performing
 loans relating to the Corporation s Florida market was
 30.61 , while the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of
 non-performing loans relating to the Pennsylvania market was
 150.68 .

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, there were
 16.1 million and 3.2 million of loans, respectively,
 that were impaired loans acquired and have no associated
 allowance for loan losses as they were accounted for in
 accordance with American Institute of Certified Public
 Accountants Statement of Position (SOP)
 03-3, 
 Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a
 Transfer .

The allowance for loan losses increased 51.9 million
 during 2008 representing a 98.3 increase in reserves for loan
 losses between December 31, 2007 and December 31,
 2008, due to higher net charge-offs, additional specific
 reserves and increased allocations for a weaker environment. The
 significant increase primarily reflects continued deterioration
 in Florida, and to a much lesser extent, the slowing economy in
 Pennsylvania. The allowance for loan losses at December 31,
 2008 included 28.5 million, or 27.2 of the total,
 relating to the Corporation s Florida loan portfolio. Net
 charge-offs increased 20.1 million or 161.1 reflecting
 higher loan charge-offs, including 15.0 million in
 charge-offs in the Florida market during 2008.

The allowance for loan losses increased 0.2 million during
 2007 representing a 0.4 increase in reserves for loan losses
 between December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007. Net
 charge-offs increased 0.9 million or 7.8 reflecting
 higher commercial loan charge-offs, including 0.9 million
 relating to a Florida loan, and higher residential mortgage loan
 charge-offs, partially offset by lower installment loan
 charge-offs. These actions included the charge-off of
 0.9 million relating to one project and the recording of
 another specific reserve of 2.0 million relating to a
 second project during 2007.

Management considers numerous factors when estimating reserves
 for loan losses, including historical charge-off rates and
 subsequent recoveries. Consideration is given to the impact of
 changes in qualitative factors that influence the
 Corporation s credit quality, such as the local and
 regional economies that the Corporation serves. Assessment of
 relevant economic factors indicates that the Corporation s
 primary markets historically tend to lag the national economy,
 with local economies in the Corporation s market areas also
 improving or weakening, as the case may be, but at a more
 measured rate than the national trends. Regional economic
 factors influencing management s estimate of reserves
 include uncertainty of the labor markets in the regions the
 Corporation serves and a contracting labor force due, in part,
 to productivity growth and industry consolidations. Credit risk
 and loss exposures are evaluated using a combination of
 historical loss experience and an analysis of the rate at which
 delinquent loans ultimately result in charge-offs to estimate
 credit quality migration and expected losses within the
 homogeneous loan pools.

53

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of the allocation of the allowance for
 loan losses (dollars in thousands):

of Loans 

of Loans 

of Loans 

of Loans 

of Loans 

in each 

in each 

in each 

in each 

in each 

Category to 

Category to 

Category to 

Category to 

Category to 

Dec 31, 

Total 

Dec 31, 

Total 

Dec. 31, 

Total 

Dec. 31, 

Total 

Dec. 31, 

Total 

2008 

Loans 

2007 

Loans 

2006 

Loans 

2005 

Loans 

2004 

Loans 

Commercial

76,071

55

32,607

51

30,813

50

27,112

43

28,271

43

Direct installment

14,022

18

11,387

21

11,445

22

11,631

24

10,947

24

Consumer lines of credit

4,851

6

2,310

6

2,343

6

2,486

7

1,280

7

Residential mortgages

3,659

11

2,621

11

3,068

11

2,958

13

632

14

Indirect installment

5,012

9

3,766

10

4,649

11

6,324

13

9,072

12

Other

1,115

1

115

1

257

196

265

104,730

100

52,806

100

52,575

100

50,707

100

50,467

100

The amount allocated to commercial loans increased in 2008
 primarily due to increased asset quality deterioration and
 allocations for a weaker environment, primarily a result of the
 continued deterioration in the Florida market with
 28.5 million of the commercial allowance for the Florida
 portfolio.

The amount allocated to commercial loans increased in 2007 due
 to a combination of the increased loan balance and the
 additional 2.0 million in specific reserves recorded in
 relation to a developer relationship in the Florida market.

The amount allocated to commercial loans increased in 2006 due
 to the increased loan balance while the amount allocated to
 indirect installment loans decreased due to an improvement in
 credit quality as a result of improved underwriting guidelines
 and a planned run-off in loan balances.

Investment
 Activity 

Investment activities serve to enhance net interest income while
 supporting interest rate sensitivity and liquidity positions.
 Securities purchased with the intent and ability to retain until
 maturity are categorized as securities held to maturity and
 carried at amortized cost. All other securities are categorized
 as securities available for sale and are recorded at fair value.
 Securities, like loans, are subject to similar interest rate and
 credit risk. In addition, by their nature, securities classified
 as available for sale are also subject to fair value risks that
 could negatively affect the level of liquidity available to the
 Corporation, as well as stockholders equity. A change in
 the value of securities held to maturity could also negatively
 affect the level of stockholders equity if there was a
 decline in the underlying creditworthiness of the issuers and an
 OTTI is deemed to have occurred or a change in the
 Corporation s intent and ability to hold the securities to
 maturity.

As of December 31, 2008, securities totaling
 482.3 million and 843.9 million were classified as
 available for sale and held to maturity, respectively. During
 2008, securities available for sale increased by
 123.8 million and securities held to maturity increased by
 176.3 million from December 31, 2007, primarily as a
 result of the acquisitions of Omega and IRGB.

54

Table of Contents 

The following table indicates the respective maturities and
 weighted-average yields of securities as of December 31,
 2008 (dollars in thousands):

Weighted 

Average 

Amount 

Yield 

Obligations of U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government agencies:

Maturing after one year but within five years

253,295

3.79

Maturing after ten years

506

5.61

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions:

Maturing within one year

2,222

4.72

Maturing after one year but within five years

60,480

5.12

Maturing after five years but within ten years

45,132

5.69

Maturing after ten years

77,113

6.04

Corporate and other debt securities:

Maturing within one year

500

7.00

Maturing after one year but within five years

26

4.82

Maturing after ten years

28,623

4.79

Mortgage-backed securities

854,738

4.92

Equity securities

3,498

5.63

Total

1,326,133

4.81

The weighted average yields for tax-exempt securities are
 computed on a tax equivalent basis using the federal statutory
 tax rate of 35.0 . The weighted average yields for securities
 available for sale are based on amortized cost.

For additional information relating to investment activity, see
 the Securities footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements, which is included in Item 8 of this Report.

Deposits
 and Short-Term Borrowings 

As a bank holding company, the Corporation s primary source
 of funds is deposits. Those deposits are provided by businesses,
 municipalities and individuals located within the markets served
 by the Corporation s Community Banking subsidiary.

Total deposits increased 1.7 billion to 6.1 billion
 at December 31, 2008, compared to December 31, 2007,
 primarily as a result of the Corporation s acquisitions of
 Omega and IRGB, which added deposits of 1.3 billion and
 252.3 million, respectively, at the time of each
 acquisition.

Short-term borrowings, made up of treasury management accounts,
 federal funds purchased, subordinated notes and other short-term
 borrowings, increased by 146.4 million to
 596.3 million at December 31, 2008 compared to
 December 31, 2007. This increase is the result of increases
 of 138.2 million and 26.0 million in treasury
 management accounts and federal funds purchased, respectively,
 partially offset by a decrease of 17.7 million in
 subordinated notes. The increase in treasury management accounts
 is the result of the Corporation s acquisition of Omega
 combined with continued strong growth in new client
 relationships.

Treasury management accounts are the largest component of
 short-term borrowings. The treasury management accounts have
 next day maturities. At December 31, 2008 and 2007,
 treasury management accounts represented 69.6 and 61.5 ,
 respectively, of total short-term borrowings.

55

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of selected information relating to
 treasury management accounts (dollars in thousands):

2008 

2007 

2006 

Balance at year-end

414,705

276,552

252,064

Maximum month-end balance

433,411

291,200

252,064

Average balance during year

373,200

266,726

213,045

Weighted average interest rates:

At end of year

1.20

3.71

4.64

During the year

2.08

4.56

4.27

For additional information relating to deposits and short-term
 borrowings, see the Deposits and Short-Term Borrowings footnotes
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is
 included in Item 8 of this Report.

Capital
 Resources 

The access to, and cost of, funding for new business
 initiatives, including acquisitions, the ability to engage in
 expanded business activities, the ability to pay dividends, the
 level of deposit insurance costs and the level and nature of
 regulatory oversight depend, in part, on the Corporation s
 capital position.

The assessment of capital adequacy depends on a number of
 factors such as asset quality, liquidity, earnings performance,
 changing competitive conditions and economic forces. The
 Corporation seeks to maintain a strong capital base to support
 its growth and expansion activities, to provide stability to
 current operations and to promote public confidence.

The Corporation has an effective shelf registration statement
 filed with the SEC. Pursuant to this registration statement, the
 Corporation may, from time to time, issue and sell in one or
 more offerings any combination of common stock, preferred stock,
 debt securities or trust preferred securities having a total
 dollar value up to 200.0 million. As of December 31,
 2008, the Corporation has not issued any such stock or
 securities under this shelf registration.

Capital management is a continuous process. Both the Corporation
 and FNBPA are subject to various regulatory capital requirements
 administered by federal banking agencies. For additional
 information, see the Regulatory Matters footnote in the Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in
 Item 8 of this Report. From time to time, the Corporation
 issues shares initially acquired by the Corporation as treasury
 stock under its various benefit plans. The Corporation may
 continue to grow through acquisitions, which can potentially
 impact its capital position. The Corporation may issue
 additional common stock in order maintain its well-capitalized
 status.

In late 2005, the four federal banking agencies, the OCC, FRB,
 FDIC and Office of Thrift Supervision, published an interagency
 advance notice of proposed rulemaking regarding potential
 revisions to the existing risk-based capital framework. These
 changes would apply to banks, bank holding companies and savings
 associations. The Corporation will continue to monitor these
 potential changes to the risk-based capital standards and will
 make the necessary changes to ensure that it remains
 well-capitalized.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The information called for by this item is provided in the
 Market Risk section of Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is
 included in Item 7 of this Report.

56

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

F.N.B. Corporation (the Corporation) is responsible for the
 preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the consolidated
 financial statements included in this Annual Report. The
 consolidated financial statements and notes included in this
 Annual Report have been prepared in conformity with United
 States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP).

We, as management of the Corporation, are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining effective internal control over
 financial reporting that is designed to produce reliable
 financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The
 system of internal control over financial reporting as it
 relates to the financial statements is evaluated for
 effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a
 program of internal audits. Actions are taken to correct
 potential deficiencies as they are identified. Any system of
 internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent
 limitations, including the possibility that a control can be
 circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or
 fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in
 conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time.
 Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will
 provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
 statement preparation.

Management assessed the Corporation s system of internal
 control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008 in
 relation to criteria set forth for effective internal control
 over financial reporting as described in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by
 the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management
 concluded that as of December 31, 2008, the
 Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is
 effective and meets the criteria of the Internal
 Control Integrated Framework. 
 Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public
 accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the
 Corporation s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/Stephen J. Gurgovits

/s/Brian F. Lilly

Stephen J. Gurgovits 
 Chief Executive Officer

Brian F. Lilly 
 Chief Financial Officer

57

Table of Contents 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders

F.N.B. Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 F.N.B. Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2008
 and 2007, and the related consolidated statements of income,
 shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three
 years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
 financial position of F.N.B. Corporation and subsidiaries at
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the consolidated results of
 their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
 years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity
 with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in footnotes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial
 statements, F.N.B. Corporation changed its method of accounting
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans as of
 December 31, 2006, in accordance with Financial Accounting
 Standards Board Statement No, 158, Employers Accounting
 for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans,
 and adopted the provisions of Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No, 108. Considering the Effects of Prior Year
 Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
 Financial Statements in 2006, and changed its method of
 accounting for uncertain tax positions on January 1, 2007,
 in accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes .

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
 F.N.B. Corporation s internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria
 established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
 the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission and our report dated February 25, 2009,
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/Ernst Young LLP

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

February 25, 2009

58

Table of Contents 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders

F.N.B. Corporation

We have audited F.N.B. Corporation s internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
 the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). F.N.B.
 Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining
 effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
 assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of
 Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 company s internal control over financial reporting based
 on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
 considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
 audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. Because
 management s assessment and our audit were conducted to
 also meet the reporting requirements of Section 112 of the
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (FDICIA),
 management s assessment and our audit of F.N.B.
 Corporation s internal control over financial reporting
 included controls over the preparation of financial statements
 in accordance with the instructions for the preparation of
 Consolidated Financial Statements for Bank Holding Companies
 (Form FR Y-9C). A company s internal control over
 financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
 (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
 reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
 (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
 recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, F.N.B Corporation maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of December 31, 2008, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of F.N.B. Corporation as of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated
 statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2008, and our report dated February 25,
 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/Ernst Young LLP

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

February 25, 2009

59

Table of Contents 

F.N.B. Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Dollars in thousands, except par values

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks

169,224

130,235

Interest bearing deposits with banks

2,979

482

Securities available for sale

482,270

358,421

Securities held to maturity (fair value of 851,251 and 665,914)

843,863

667,553

Mortgage loans held for sale

10,708

5,637

Loans, net of unearned income of 33,962 and 25,747

5,820,380

4,344,235

Allowance for loan losses

(104,730

(52,806

Net Loans 

5,715,650

4,291,429

Premises and equipment, net

122,599

80,472

Goodwill

528,278

242,120

Core deposit and other intangible assets, net

46,229

19,439

Bank owned life insurance

217,737

133,885

Other assets

225,274

158,348

Total Assets 

8,364,811

6,088,021

Liabilities 

Deposits:

Non-interest bearing demand

919,539

626,141

Savings and NOW

2,816,628

2,037,160

Certificates and other time deposits

2,318,456

1,734,383

Total Deposits 

6,054,623

4,397,684

Other liabilities

92,305

63,760

Short-term borrowings

596,263

449,823

Long-term debt

490,250

481,366

Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts

205,386

151,031

Total Liabilities 

7,438,827

5,543,664

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 0.01 par value

Authorized 500,000,000 shares

Issued 89,726,592 and 60,602,218

894

602

Additional paid-in capital

953,200

508,891

Retained earnings

(1,143

42,426

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(26,505

(6,738

Treasury stock 26,440 and 47,970 shares at cost

(462

(824

Total Stockholders Equity 

925,984

544,357

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

8,364,811

6,088,021

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

60

Table of Contents 

F.N.B. Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Dollars in thousands, except per share data

Year Ended December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Interest Income 

Loans, including fees

352,687

318,015

288,553

Securities:

Taxable

49,742

44,128

47,319

Nontaxable

6,686

5,828

4,757

Dividends

274

294

533

Other

392

625

1,260

Total Interest Income 

409,781

368,890

342,422

Interest Expense 

Deposits

111,568

124,276

106,679

Short-term borrowings

13,030

19,435

15,785

Long-term debt

21,044

19,360

20,752

Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts

12,347

10,982

10,369

Total Interest Expense 

157,989

174,053

153,585

Net Interest Income 

251,792

194,837

188,837

Provision for loan losses

72,371

12,693

10,412

Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan Losses 

179,421

182,144

178,425

Non-Interest Income 

Service charges

54,691

40,827

40,053

Insurance commissions and fees

15,572

13,994

13,988

Securities commissions and fees

8,128

6,326

4,871

Trust

12,095

8,577

7,780

Bank owned life insurance

6,408

4,117

3,368

Gain on sale of mortgage loans

1,824

1,715

1,607

Gain on sale of securities

834

1,155

1,802

Impairment loss on securities

(17,189

(118

Other

3,752

5,016

5,806

Total Non-Interest Income 

86,115

81,609

79,275

Non-Interest Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits

116,819

87,219

83,649

Net occupancy

17,888

14,676

13,963

Equipment

16,357

13,061

13,600

Amortization of intangibles

6,442

4,406

4,148

Outside services

20,918

15,956

14,794

State taxes

6,550

5,451

4,682

Telephone

5,336

4,035

4,094

Advertising and promotional

4,589

2,914

2,845

Insurance claims paid

2,768

2,309

2,558

Merger related

4,724

210

564

Other

20,313

15,377

15,617

Total Non-Interest Expense 

222,704

165,614

160,514

Income Before Income Taxes 

42,832

98,139

97,186

Income taxes

7,237

28,461

29,537

Net Income 

35,595

69,678

67,649

Net Income per Common Share 

Basic

0.44

1.16

1.15

Diluted

0.44

1.15

1.14

Cash Dividends Paid per Common Share 

0.96

0.95

0.94

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

61

Table of Contents 

F.N.B. Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Dollars in thousands

Accumu- 

lated 

Addi- 

Other 

Deferred 

Compre- 

Com- 

tional 

Compre- 

Stock 

hensive 

mon 

Paid-In 

Retained 

hensive 

Compen- 

Treasury 

Income 

Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income 

sation 

Stock 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2006 

575

454,546

24,376

3,597

(4,154

(1,738

477,202

Net income

67,649

67,649

67,649

Change in other comprehensive income (loss)

(438

(438

(438

Comprehensive income

67,211

Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and
 postretirement obligations

(4,705

(4,705

Cumulative effect of change in accounting from adoption of
 SAB 108

(1,599

(1,599

Common dividends declared: 0.94/share

(55,362

(55,362

Purchase of common stock

(9,649

(9,649

Issuance of common stock

29

53,803

(1,743

10,359

62,448

Restricted stock compensation

1,203

1,203

Tax benefit of stock-based compensation

623

623

Reclassification arising from adoption of FAS 123R

(3

(4,151

4,154

Balance at December 31, 2006 

601

506,024

33,321

(1,546

(1,028

537,372

Net income

69,678

69,678

69,678

Change in other comprehensive income (loss)

(5,192

(5,192

(5,192

Comprehensive income

64,486

Common dividends declared: 0.95/share

(57,450

(57,450

Purchase of common stock

(9,175

(9,175

Issuance of common stock

1

1

(1,949

9,379

7,432

Restricted stock compensation

2,231

2,231

Tax benefit of stock-based compensation

635

635

Adjustment to initially apply FIN 48, net of tax

(1,174

(1,174

Balance at December 31, 2007 

602

508,891

42,426

(6,738

(824

544,357

Net income

35,595

35,595

35,595

Change in other comprehensive income (loss)

(19,767

(19,767

(19,767

Comprehensive income

15,828

Common dividends declared: 0.96/share

(78,283

(78,283

Issuance of common stock

292

441,403

(275

362

441,782

Restricted stock compensation

2,049

2,049

Tax benefit of stock-based compensation

857

857

Adjustment to initially apply EITF
 06-04 and
 06-10 

(606

(606

Balance at December 31, 2008 

894

953,200

(1,143

(26,505

(462

925,984

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

62

Table of Contents 

F.N.B. Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Dollars in thousands

Year Ended December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Operating Activities 

Net income

35,595

69,678

67,649

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided
 by operating activities:

Depreciation, amortization and accretion

20,970

13,433

14,467

Provision for loan losses

72,371

12,693

10,412

Deferred income taxes

(10,998

3,080

955

(Gain) loss on sale or impairment of securities

16,354

(1,155

(1,802

Tax benefit of stock-based compensation

(857

(635

(623

Net change in:

Interest receivable

4,171

117

(2,952

Interest payable

(320

(3,095

1,698

Loans held for sale

(5,071

(1,682

784

Trading securities

264,416

Bank owned life insurance

(4,648

(2,494

(756

Other, net

(15,046

9,885

27,164

Net cash flows provided by operating activities

376,937

99,825

116,996

Investing Activities 

Net change in:

Interest bearing deposits with banks

4,126

990

(846

Loans

(271,604

(108,119

(224,556

Securities available for sale:

Purchases

(345,885

(265,278

(42,918

Sales

2,521

3,162

27,081

Maturities

221,255

158,805

75,181

Securities held to maturity:

Purchases

(302,794

(87,600

(26,761

Maturities

149,762

195,454

130,532

Increase in premises and equipment

(14,194

(2,761

(4,222

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

57,412

(17,123

Net cash flows used in investing activities

(499,401

(105,347

(83,632

Financing Activities 

Net change in:

Non-interest bearing deposits, savings, and NOW accounts

162,097

63,977

120,491

Time deposits

(50,299

(39,135

(3,251

Short-term borrowings

118,658

85,913

(67,417

Proceeds from the issuance of junior subordinated debt owed to
 unconsolidated subsidiary trusts

22,165

Increase in long-term debt

121,630

230,428

29,749

Decrease in long-term debt

(120,746

(268,952

(81,484

Decrease in junior subordinated debt

(506

Purchase of common stock

(9,175

(9,649

Issuance of common stock

8,045

7,154

1,529

Tax benefit of stock-based compensation

857

635

623

Cash dividends paid

(78,283

(57,450

(55,362

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities

161,453

13,395

(42,606

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Due from Banks 

38,989

7,873

(9,242

Cash and due from banks at beginning of year

130,235

122,362

131,604

Cash and Due from Banks at End of Year 

169,224

130,235

122,362

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

63

Table of Contents 

F.N.B.
 Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Nature of
 Operations 

F.N.B. Corporation (the Corporation) is a diversified financial
 services company headquartered in Hermitage, Pennsylvania. Its
 primary businesses include community banking, consumer finance,
 wealth management and insurance. The Corporation also conducts
 leasing and merchant banking activities. The Corporation
 operates its community banking business through a full service
 branch network in Pennsylvania and Ohio and loan production
 offices in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida and Tennessee. The
 Corporation operates its wealth management and insurance
 businesses within the existing branch network. It also conducts
 selected consumer finance business in Pennsylvania, Ohio and
 Tennessee.

1. 

Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of
 Presentation 

The Corporation s accompanying consolidated financial
 statements and these notes to the financial statements include
 subsidiaries in which the Corporation has a controlling
 financial interest. Companies in which the Corporation controls
 operating and financing decisions (principally defined as owning
 a voting or economic interest greater than 50 are also
 consolidated. Variable interest entities are consolidated if the
 Corporation is exposed to the majority of the variable interest
 entity s expected losses
 and/or 
 residual returns (i.e., the Corporation is considered to be the
 primary beneficiary). The Corporation owns and operates First
 National Bank of Pennsylvania (FNBPA), First National
 Trust Company, First National Investment Services Company,
 LLC, F.N.B. Investment Advisors, Inc., First National Insurance
 Agency, LLC, Regency Finance Company, F.N.B. Capital
 Corporation, LLC and Bank Capital Services, and results for each
 of these entities are included in the accompanying consolidated
 financial statements.

The Corporation completed several acquisitions during 2008 and
 2006. These acquisitions are discussed in the Mergers and
 Acquisitions footnote. The accompanying consolidated financial
 statements include the results of operations of the acquired
 entities from their respective dates of acquisition.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all
 adjustments that are necessary, in the opinion of management, to
 fairly reflect the Corporation s financial position and
 results of operations. All significant intercompany balances and
 transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior period amounts
 have been reclassified to conform to the current period
 presentation.

Use of
 Estimates 

The accounting and reporting policies of the Corporation conform
 with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
 statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could
 materially differ from those estimates. Material estimates that
 are particularly susceptible to significant changes include the
 allowance for loan losses, securities valuation, goodwill and
 other intangible assets and income taxes.

Business
 Combinations 

Business combinations are accounted for under the purchase
 method of accounting. Under the purchase method of accounting,
 assets and liabilities are recorded at their estimated fair
 values as of the date of acquisition with any excess of the cost
 of the acquisition over the fair value of the net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired recorded as goodwill. Results of
 operations of the acquired entities are included in the
 consolidated statement of income from the date of acquisition.

Cash
 Equivalents 

The Corporation considers cash and demand balances due from
 banks as cash and cash equivalents.

64

Table of Contents 

Securities 

Investment securities, which consist of debt securities and
 certain equity securities, comprise a significant portion of the
 Corporation s consolidated balance sheet. Such securities
 can be classified as Trading, Securities Held
 to Maturity or Securities Available for Sale. 

Securities are classified as trading securities when management
 intends to resell such securities in the near term and are
 carried at fair value, with unrealized gains (losses) reflected
 through the consolidated statement of income. As of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Corporation did not hold
 any trading securities.

Securities held to maturity are comprised of debt securities,
 for which management has the positive intent and ability to hold
 such securities until their maturity. Such securities are
 carried at cost, adjusted for related amortization of premiums
 and accretion of discounts through interest income from
 securities.

Securities that are not classified as trading or held to
 maturity are classified as available for sale. The
 Corporation s available for sale securities portfolio is
 comprised of debt securities and marketable equity securities.
 Such securities are carried at fair value with net unrealized
 gains and losses deemed to be temporary reported separately as a
 component in other comprehensive income, net of tax. Realized
 gains and losses on the sale of available for sale securities
 and OTTI charges are recorded within non-interest income in the
 consolidated statement of income. Realized gains and losses on
 the sale of securities are determined using the
 specific-identification method.

Securities are periodically reviewed for OTTI based upon a
 number of factors, including, but not limited to, the length of
 time and extent to which the market value has been at less than
 cost, the financial condition of the underlying issuer, the
 ability of the issuer to meet contractual obligations, the
 likelihood of the security s ability to recover any decline
 in its market value and management s intent and ability to
 retain the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for
 a recovery in market value or maturity. Among the factors that
 are considered in determining management s intent and
 ability is a review of the Corporation s capital adequacy,
 interest rate risk position and liquidity. The assessment of a
 security s ability to recover any decline in market value,
 the ability of the issuer to meet contractual obligations and
 management s intent and ability requires considerable
 judgment. A decline in value that is considered to be
 other-than-temporary is recorded as a loss within non-interest
 income in the consolidated statement of income.

Securities
 Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for
 as collateralized financing transactions and are recorded at the
 amounts at which the securities were sold plus accrued interest.
 Securities, generally U.S. government and federal agency
 securities, pledged as collateral under these financing
 arrangements cannot be sold or repledged by the secured party.
 The fair value of collateral either received from or provided to
 a third party is continually monitored and additional collateral
 is obtained or is requested to be returned to the Corporation as
 deemed appropriate.

Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities 

From time to time, the Corporation may enter into derivative
 transactions principally to protect against the risk of adverse
 price or interest rate movements on the value of certain assets
 and liabilities and on future cash flows. The Corporation
 formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments
 and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and
 strategy for undertaking each hedge transaction. All derivative
 instruments are carried at fair value on the balance sheet in
 accordance with the requirements of FAS 133, Accounting
 for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 

Cash flow hedges are accounted for under the requirements of
 FAS 133 by recording the fair value of the derivative
 instrument on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset
 or liability, with a corresponding offset recorded in
 accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders 
 equity, net of tax. Amounts are reclassified from accumulated
 other comprehensive income to the consolidated statement of
 income in the period or periods in which the hedged transaction
 affects earnings.

65

Table of Contents 

Derivative gains and losses under cash flow hedges not effective
 in hedging the change in fair value or expected cash flows of
 the hedged item are recognized immediately in the consolidated
 statement of income. At the hedge s inception and at least
 quarterly thereafter, a formal assessment is performed to
 determine whether changes in the fair values or cash flows of
 the derivative instruments have been highly effective in
 offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged
 items and whether they are expected to be highly effective in
 the future. If it is determined a derivative instrument has not
 been or will not continue to be highly effective as a hedge,
 hedge accounting is discontinued.

Mortgage
 Loans Held for Sale and Loan Commitments 

Certain residential mortgage loans are originated for sale in
 the secondary mortgage loan market and typically sold with
 servicing rights released. These loans are classified as loans
 held for sale and are carried at the lower of cost or estimated
 market value on an aggregate basis. Market value is determined
 on the basis of rates obtained in the respective secondary
 market for the type of loan held for sale. Loans are generally
 sold at a premium or discount from the carrying amount of the
 loan. Such premium or discount is recognized at the date of
 sale. Gain or loss on the sale of loans is recorded in
 non-interest income at the time consideration is received and
 all other criteria for sales treatment have been met.

The Corporation routinely issues commitments to make loans as a
 part of its residential lending operations. These commitments
 are considered derivatives. The Corporation also enters into
 commitments to sell loans to mitigate the risk that the market
 value of residential loans may decline between the time the rate
 commitment is issued to the customer and the time the
 Corporation contracts to sell the loan. These commitments and
 sales contracts are also derivatives. Both types of derivatives
 are recorded at fair value. Sales contracts and commitments to
 sell loans are not designated as hedges of the fair value of
 loans held for sale. Fair value adjustments related to
 derivatives are recorded in current period earnings as an
 adjustment to net gains on sale of loans.

Loans and
 the Allowance for Loan Losses 

Loans are reported at their principal amount outstanding net of
 unearned income, unamortized premiums or discounts, acquisition
 fair value adjustments and any deferred origination fees or
 costs.

Interest income on loans is accrued on the principal
 outstanding. It is the Corporation s policy to discontinue
 interest accruals generally when principal or interest is due
 and has remained unpaid for 90 days or more unless the loan
 is both well secured and in the process of collection. When a
 loan is placed on non-accrual status, all unpaid interest is
 reversed. Payments on non-accrual loans are generally applied to
 either principal or interest or both, depending on
 management s evaluation of collectibility. Consumer
 installment loans are generally charged off against the
 allowance for loan losses upon reaching 90 to 180 days past
 due, depending on the loan type. Commercial loan charges-offs,
 either in whole or in part, are generally made as soon as facts
 and circumstances raise a serious doubt as to the collectibility
 of all or a portion of the principal. Loan origination fees and
 related costs are deferred and recognized over the life of the
 loans as an adjustment of yield in interest income.

The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level that, in
 management s judgment, is believed adequate to absorb
 probable losses associated with specifically identified loans,
 as well as estimated probable credit losses inherent in the
 remainder of the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The
 allowance for loan losses is based on management s
 evaluation of potential loan losses in the loan portfolio, which
 includes an assessment of past experience, current economic
 conditions in specific industries and geographic areas, general
 economic conditions, known and inherent risks in the loan
 portfolio, the estimated value of underlying collateral and
 residuals and changes in the composition of the loan portfolio.
 Determination of the allowance is inherently subjective as it
 requires significant estimates, including the amounts and timing
 of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated
 losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss
 experience and consideration of current environmental factors
 and economic trends, all of which are susceptible to significant
 change. Loan losses are charged off against the allowance when
 the loss actually occurs or when a determination is made that a
 loss is probable while recoveries of amounts previously charged
 off are credited to the allowance. A provision for credit losses
 is recorded based on management s periodic evaluation of
 the factors previously mentioned as well as other pertinent
 factors. Evaluations are conducted at least quarterly and more
 often as deemed necessary.

66

Table of Contents 

Management estimates the allowance for loan losses pursuant to
 FAS 5, Accounting for Contingencies , and
 FAS 114, Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a
 Loan . Larger balance commercial and commercial real estate
 loans that are considered impaired as defined in FAS 114
 are reviewed individually to assess the likelihood and severity
 of loss exposure. Loans subject to individual review are, where
 appropriate, reserved for according to the present value of
 expected future cash flows available to repay the loan, or the
 estimated fair value less estimated selling costs of the
 collateral. Commercial loans excluded from individual
 assessment, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such
 as consumer, residential real estate and home equity loans, are
 evaluated for loss exposure under FAS 5 based upon
 historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans.
 Historical loss rates for each of these loan categories may be
 adjusted to reflect management s estimates of the impacts
 of current economic conditions, trends in delinquencies and
 non-performing loans, volume, concentrations and mergers and
 acquisitions, as well as changes in credit underwriting and
 approval requirements. The accrual of interest on impaired loans
 is discontinued when the loan is 90 days past due or in
 management s opinion the account should be placed on
 non-accrual status (loans partially charged off are immediately
 placed on non-accrual status). When interest accrual is
 discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed against
 interest income. Interest income is subsequently recognized only
 to the extent that cash payments are received.

Acquired
 Loans 

Any loans acquired through the completion of a transfer,
 including loans acquired in a business combination, that have
 evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination
 and for which it is probable at acquisition, that the
 Corporation will be unable to collect all contractually required
 payments receivable, are initially recorded at fair value (as
 determined by the present value of expected future cash flows)
 with no valuation allowance. The difference between the
 undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition and the
 investment in the loan, or the accretable yield, is
 recognized as interest income on a level-yield method over the
 life of the loan. Contractually required payments for interest
 and principal that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected
 at acquisition, or the nonaccretable difference, are
 recorded in other non-interest income. Increases in expected
 cash flows subsequent to the initial investment are recognized
 prospectively through adjustment of the yield on the loan over
 its remaining life. Decreases in expected cash flows are
 recognized as impairment. Valuation allowances on these impaired
 loans reflect only losses incurred after the acquisition.

Premises
 and Equipment 

Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
 method over the asset s estimated useful life. Leasehold
 improvements are expensed over the lesser of the asset s
 estimated useful life or the term of the lease including renewal
 periods when reasonably assured. Useful lives are dependent upon
 the nature and condition of the asset and range from 3 to
 40 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as
 incurred, while major improvements are capitalized and amortized
 to operating expense over the identified useful life.

Other
 Real Estate Owned 

OREO is comprised principally of commercial and residential real
 estate properties obtained in partial or total satisfaction of
 loan obligations. OREO acquired in settlement of indebtedness is
 included in other assets at the estimated fair value less
 estimated selling costs. Changes to the value subsequent to
 transfer are recorded in non-interest expense along with direct
 operating expenses. Gains or losses not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of OREO are recognized in non-interest
 expense on the date of sale.

Goodwill
 and Other Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Other intangible
 assets represent purchased assets that lack physical substance
 but can be distinguished from goodwill because of contractual or
 other legal rights. For each acquisition, goodwill and other
 intangible assets are allocated to the reporting units based
 upon the relative fair value of the assets and liabilities
 assigned to each reporting unit. Intangible assets that have
 finite lives, such as core deposit intangibles, customer
 relationship intangibles and renewal lists, are amortized over
 their estimated useful lives and subject to periodic impairment

67

Table of Contents 

testing. Core deposit intangibles are primarily amortized over
 ten years using straight line and accelerated methods. Customer
 and renewal lists and other intangible assets are amortized over
 their estimated useful lives which range from ten to twelve
 years.

The Corporation performed an annual test of goodwill and other
 intangibles as of September 30, 2008, and concluded that
 the recorded values were not impaired. Additionally, due to
 market conditions surrounding the banking industry, the
 Corporation updated its impairment analysis as of
 December 31, 2008, and concluded that the recorded values
 were not impaired. However, future events could cause the
 Corporation to conclude that goodwill or other intangibles are
 impaired, which would result in recording an impairment loss.
 Any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse
 impact on the Corporation s financial condition and result
 of operations.

Determining the fair value of a reporting unit under the first
 step of the goodwill impairment test and determining the fair
 value of individual assets and liabilities of a reporting unit
 under the second step of the goodwill impairment test are
 judgmental and often involve the use of significant estimates
 and assumptions. Similarly, estimates and assumptions are used
 in determining the fair value of other intangible assets.
 Estimates of fair value are primarily determined using
 discounted cash flows, market comparisons and recent
 transactions. These approaches use significant estimates and
 assumptions including projected future cash flows, discount
 rates reflecting the market rate of return, growth rates and
 determination and evaluation of appropriate market comparables.

Income
 Taxes 

The Corporation and a majority of its subsidiaries file a
 consolidated federal income tax return. The provision for
 federal and state income taxes is based on income reported on
 the consolidated financial statements, rather than the amounts
 reported on the respective income tax returns. Deferred tax
 assets and liabilities are computed using tax rates expected to
 apply to taxable income in the years in which those assets and
 liabilities are expected to be realized. The effect on deferred
 tax assets and liabilities resulting from a change in tax rates
 is recognized as income or expense in the period that the change
 in tax rates is enacted.

The Corporation makes certain estimates and judgments in
 determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes.
 These estimates and judgments are applied in the calculation of
 certain tax credits and in the calculation of the deferred
 income tax expense or benefit associated with certain deferred
 tax assets and liabilities. Significant changes to these
 estimates may result in an increase or decrease to the
 Corporation s tax provision in a subsequent period. The
 Corporation recognizes interest
 and/or 
 penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.

The Corporation assesses the likelihood that it will be able to
 recover its deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, the
 Corporation will increase its provision for income taxes by
 recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets
 that are unlikely to be recovered. The Corporation believes that
 a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded on
 the balance sheet will ultimately be recovered. However, should
 there be a change in the Corporation s ability to recover
 its deferred tax assets, the effect of this change would be
 recorded through the provision for income taxes in the period
 during which such change occurs.

The Corporation adopted FAS Interpretation (FIN) 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, as of
 January 1, 2007. Under FIN 48, a tax position is
 recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than
 not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax
 examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The
 amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is
 greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For
 tax positions not meeting the more likely than not 
 test, no tax benefit is recorded. Details relating to the
 adoption of FIN 48 and the impact on the Corporation s
 consolidated financial statements are more fully discussed in
 the Income Taxes footnote.

Advertising
 and Promotional Costs 

Advertising and promotional costs are generally expensed as
 incurred.

68

Table of Contents 

Per Share
 Amounts 

Basic earnings per common share is calculated by dividing net
 income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
 outstanding net of unvested shares of restricted stock.

Diluted earnings per common share is calculated by dividing net
 income adjusted for interest expense on convertible debt by the
 weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding,
 adjusted for the dilutive effect of potential common shares
 issuable for stock options, warrants, restricted shares and
 convertible debt as calculated using the treasury stock method.
 Such adjustments to the weighted average number of shares of
 common stock outstanding are made only when such adjustments
 dilute earnings per common share.

Pension
 and Postretirement Benefit Plans 

The Corporation sponsors pension and other postretirement
 benefit plans for its employees. The expense associated with the
 pension plans is calculated in accordance with FAS 87,
 Employers Accounting for Pensions , while the
 expense associated with the postretirement benefit plans is
 calculated in accordance with FAS 106, Employers 
 Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions .
 The associated expense utilizes assumptions and methods
 determined in accordance therewith, including a policy of
 reflecting trust assets at their fair market value for the
 qualified pension plans. The Corporation adopted FAS 158,
 Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and
 Other Postretirement Plans, on December 31, 2006 and
 began recognizing the overfunded and underfunded status of the
 pension and postretirement plans on its consolidated balance
 sheet. Gains and losses, prior service costs and credits and
 remaining transition amounts under FAS 87 and FAS 106
 are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of
 tax, until they are amortized. The Corporation complied with the
 requirement under FAS 158 to measure plan assets and
 benefit obligations as of December 31, 2006, resulting in a
 5.1 million reduction to equity within accumulated other
 comprehensive income, a decrease in prepaid pension asset of
 9.4 million, a decrease in accrued postretirement benefit
 obligation of 1.5 million, and an increase in deferred tax
 asset of 2.8 million.

Stock
 Based Compensation 

The Corporation accounts for its stock based compensation awards
 in accordance with FAS 123R, Share-Based Payment,
 which requires the measurement and recognition of
 compensation expense, based on estimated fair values, for all
 share-based awards, including stock options and restricted
 stock, made to employees and directors. The Corporation adopted
 FAS 123R on January 1, 2006 using the modified
 prospective transition method. In accordance with the modified
 prospective transition method, the consolidated financial
 statements for years prior to adoption have not been restated to
 reflect, and do not include, the impact of FAS 123R. Prior
 to the adoption of FAS 123R, the Corporation accounted for
 share-based awards to employees and directors using the
 intrinsic value method in accordance with Accounting Principles
 Board (APB) Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued
 to Employees , as allowed under FAS 123, Accounting
 for Stock-Based Compensation .

FAS 123R requires companies to estimate the fair value of
 share-based awards on the date of grant. The value of the
 portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is
 recognized as expense in the Corporation s consolidated
 statement of income over the requisite service periods. Because
 share-based compensation expense is based on awards that are
 ultimately expected to vest, share-based compensation expense
 has been reduced to account for estimated forfeitures.
 FAS 123R requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time
 of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if
 actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. For periods
 prior to 2006, the Corporation accounted for forfeitures as they
 occurred in the consolidated financial statements under APB
 Opinion No. 25 and in the pro forma information under
 FAS 123. The cumulative effect of the accounting change
 associated with the adoption of FAS 123R was a reduction in
 compensation expense of less than 0.1 million.

FAS 123R also requires that awards be expensed over the
 shorter of the requisite service period or the period through
 the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire.
 Prior to the adoption of FAS 123R, the Corporation recorded
 compensation expense for retirement-eligible employees ratably
 over the vesting period.

In November 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (FASB) issued
 FSP 123(R)-3, 
 Transition Election Related to Accounting for the Tax Effects
 of Share-Based Payment Awards . FSP 123(R)-3 provides an

69

Table of Contents 

elective alternative transition method for calculating the pool
 of excess tax benefits available to absorb tax deficiencies
 recognized subsequent to the adoption of FAS 123R, which
 the Corporation elected to utilize.

2. 

New
 Accounting Standards 

Determining
 Whether Impairment of a Debt Security is
 Other-Than-Temporary 

In January 2009, the FASB issued FSP EITF
 99-20-1, 
 which amends
 EITF 99-20 
 to align the impairment guidance in
 EITF 99-20 
 with that in FAS 115 and related implementation guidance.

Prior to the issuance of FSP
 EITF 99-20-1, 
 GAAP had two different models for determining whether the
 impairment of a debt security is other-than-temporary. The
 differences are summarized as follows:

a. EITF 99-20 
 requires the use of market participant assumptions about future
 cash flows. This cannot be overcome by management judgment of
 the probability of collecting all cash flows previously
 projected.

b. FAS 115 does not require exclusive reliance
 on market participant assumptions about future cash flows.
 Rather, FAS 115 permits the use of reasonable management
 judgment of the probability that the holder will be unable to
 collect all amounts due.

Eliminating the key distinctions between the two achieves more
 consistent determination of whether OTTI has occurred.
 Specifically, FSP
 EITF 99-20-1 
 removes the requirement to use market participant assumptions
 when determining future cash flows and instead, requires an
 assessment of whether it is probable that there has been an
 adverse change in estimated cash flows. The FSP retains and
 emphasizes the objective of OTTI assessment and the related
 disclosure requirements in FAS 115. The provisions of FSP
 EITF 99-20-1 
 are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending
 after December 15, 2008, and are to be applied
 prospectively. Accordingly, the Corporation adopted the FSP
 beginning October 1, 2008 and considered this guidance in
 determining OTTI on December 31, 2008.

Pensions
 and Other Postretirement Benefits 

In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 132(R)-1,
 Employers Disclosures about Pensions and Other
 Postretirement Benefits, to require more detailed
 disclosures about employers plan assets, including
 employers investment strategies, major categories of plan
 assets, concentrations of risk within plan assets and valuation
 techniques used to measure the fair value of plan assets.
 FAS 132(R)-1 is effective for fiscal years ending after
 December 15, 2009. The Corporation has not yet determined
 the impact that the adoption of FAS 132(R)-1 will have on
 its consolidated financial statements.

Disclosures
 about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

In March 2008, the FASB issued FAS 161, Disclosures
 about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133 , which enhances
 disclosures about derivatives and hedging activities and thereby
 improves the transparency of financial reporting. The
 Corporation will be required to apply the new guidance
 prospectively beginning January 1, 2009, and does not
 expect it to have a material impact on its consolidated
 financial statements.

Business
 Combinations 

In December 2007, the FASB issued FAS 141R, Business
 Combinations, which establishes principles and requirements
 for how an acquirer recognizes and measures in its financial
 statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities
 assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the
 goodwill acquired. FAS 141R also establishes disclosure
 requirements which will enable users to evaluate the nature and
 financial effects of the business combination. FAS 141R is
 effective for the Corporation for acquisitions made after
 January 1, 2009 and has not been used by the Corporation in
 recognizing and measuring the Omega and IRGB acquisitions.

70

Table of Contents 

Noncontrolling
 Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements 

In December 2007, the FASB issued FAS 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
 Statements, an Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 No. 51. FAS 160 establishes accounting and
 reporting standards for ownership interest in a subsidiary and
 for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. The Corporation will be
 required to apply the new guidance prospectively beginning
 January 1, 2009, and does not expect it to have a material
 impact on its consolidated financial statements.

Accounting
 for Income Tax Benefits of Dividends on Share-Based Payment
 Awards 

In June 2007, the FASB ratified the consensus reached in
 EITF 06-11, 
 Accounting for Income Tax Benefits of Dividends on
 Share-Based Payment Awards .
 EITF 06-11 
 applies to companies that have share-based payment arrangements
 that entitle employees to receive dividends or dividend
 equivalents on equity-classified nonvested shares when those
 dividends or dividend equivalents are charged to retained
 earnings and result in an income tax deduction. Companies that
 have share-based payment arrangements that fall within the scope
 of
 EITF 06-11 
 will be required to increase capital surplus for any realized
 income tax benefit associated with dividend or dividend
 equivalents paid to employees for equity classified nonvested
 equity awards. Any increase recorded to capital surplus is
 required to be included in a company s pool of excess tax
 benefits that are available to absorb potential future tax
 deficiencies on share-based payment awards. The application of
 this guidance did not impact the Corporation s consolidated
 financial statements since dividends accrued on its unvested
 awards are subject to forfeiture.

Accounting
 for Collateral Assignment Split Dollar Life Insurance 

In March 2007, the FASB ratified
 EITF 06-10, 
 Accounting for Collateral Assignment Split Dollar Life
 Insurance .
 EITF 06-10 
 concludes that an employer should recognize a liability for the
 postretirement benefit related to a collateral assignment split
 dollar life insurance arrangement in accordance with either
 FAS 106, Employers Accounting for Postretirement
 Benefits Other Than Pensions , or APB Opinion No. 12,
 Omnibus Opinion 1967 , if the employer has
 agreed to maintain a life insurance policy during the
 employee s retirement or to provide the employee with a
 death benefit based on the substantive arrangement with the
 employee.
 EITF 06-10 
 also concludes that an employer should recognize and measure an
 asset based on the nature and substance of the collateral
 assignment split dollar life insurance arrangement. The
 determination of the nature and substance of the arrangement
 should involve an evaluation of all available information,
 including an assessment of the future cash flows to which the
 employer is entitled and the employee s obligation and
 ability to repay the employer. The Corporation adopted
 EITF 06-10 
 on January 1, 2008 resulting in a decrease of
 0.7 million in retained earnings and an increase of
 0.7 million in accrued bank owned life insurance.

Accounting
 for Deferred Compensation and Postretirement Benefit Aspects of
 Endorsement Split Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements 

In September 2006, the FASB ratified
 EITF 06-04, 
 Accounting for Deferred Compensation and Postretirement
 Benefit Aspects of Endorsement Split Dollar Life Insurance
 Arrangements .
 EITF 06-04 
 concludes that an employer should recognize a liability for the
 future benefits related to an endorsement split dollar life
 insurance arrangement in accordance with either FAS 106 or
 APB Opinion No. 12, Omnibus 1967. The
 Corporation adopted
 EITF 06-04 
 on January 1, 2008 resulting in an increase of
 0.1 million in retained earnings and a decrease of
 0.1 million in accrued bank owned life insurance.

Fair
 Value Measurements 

In September 2006, the FASB issued FAS 157, Fair Value
 Measurements, which replaces the different definitions of
 fair value in existing accounting literature with a single
 definition, sets out a framework for measuring fair value and
 requires additional disclosures about fair value measurements.
 The statement clarifies the principle that fair value should be
 based on the assumptions market participants would use when
 pricing the asset or liability and establishes a fair value
 hierarchy that prioritizes the information used to develop those
 assumptions. The

71

Table of Contents 

Corporation adopted the provisions of FAS 157 on
 January 1, 2008. For additional information regarding
 FAS 157, see the Fair Value Measurements footnote included
 in this Report.

In February 2008, the FASB issued
 FSP 157-2, 
 which delays the effective date of FAS 157 for nonfinancial
 assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except for items that are
 recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial
 statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The
 provisions of
 FSP 157-2 
 are effective for the Corporation on January 1, 2009. The
 Corporation is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption
 of FAS 157, as it pertains to nonfinancial assets and
 nonfinancial liabilities, will have on its consolidated
 financial statements.

In October 2008, the FASB issued
 FSP 157-3, 
 which clarifies the application of FAS 157 in an inactive
 market and illustrates how an entity would determine fair value
 when the market for a financial asset is not active. The FSP
 states that an entity should not automatically conclude that a
 particular transaction price is determinative of fair value. In
 a dislocated market, judgment is required to evaluate whether
 individual transactions are forced liquidations or distressed
 sales. When relevant observable market information is not
 available, a valuation approach that incorporates
 management s judgments about the assumptions that market
 participants would use in pricing the asset in a current sale
 transaction would be acceptable. The FSP also indicates that
 quotes from brokers or pricing services may be relevant inputs
 when measuring fair value, but are not necessarily determinative
 in the absence of an active market for the asset. In weighing a
 broker quote as an input to a fair value measurement, an entity
 should place less reliance on quotes that do not reflect the
 result of market transactions. Further, the nature of the quote
 (for example, whether the quote is an indicative price or a
 binding offer) should be considered when weighing the available
 evidence. The FSP is effective immediately and applies to prior
 periods for which financial statements have not been issued,
 including interim or annual periods ending on or before
 September 30, 2008. Accordingly, the Corporation adopted
 the FSP prospectively, beginning July 1, 2008 and
 considered this guidance in determining fair value measurements
 on December 31, 2008.

Considering
 the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
 Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements 

In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin
 (SAB) 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year
 Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
 Financial Statements, which is effective for fiscal years
 ending on or after November 15, 2006. SAB 108 provides
 guidance on how the effects of prior-year uncorrected financial
 statement misstatements should be considered in quantifying a
 current year misstatement. SAB 108 requires public
 companies to quantify misstatements using both an income
 statement (rollover) and balance sheet (iron curtain) approach
 and evaluate whether either approach results in a misstatement
 that, when all relevant quantitative and qualitative factors are
 considered, is material. If prior year errors that had been
 previously considered immaterial are now considered material
 based on either approach, no restatement is required so long as
 management properly applied its previous approach and all
 relevant facts and circumstances are considered. Adjustments
 considered immaterial in prior years under the method previously
 used, but now considered material under the dual approach
 required by SAB 108, are to be recorded upon initial
 adoption of SAB 108.

In the fourth quarter of 2006, the Corporation evaluated two
 prior-year uncorrected financial statement misstatements related
 to accounting for operating leases and non-accrual interest that
 had been previously considered immaterial to the prior
 years consolidated statements of income. Upon evaluating
 the impact of correcting these errors in the December 31,
 2005 balance sheet through the 2006 statement of income,
 management concluded that the errors were material. As such,
 these errors have been corrected through a cumulative effect
 adjustment in opening retained earnings as of January 1,
 2006 of 1.6 million.

The Corporation understated its liability and expense for
 operating leases in prior periods as it accounted for leases
 based on the escalating lease payments pertaining to each
 reporting period. The Corporation changed its method of
 accounting for operating leases to the straight line method in
 accordance with FAS 13, Accounting for Leases , in
 the fourth quarter of 2006. The cumulative after-tax effect of
 the misstatement as of January 1, 2006 was
 1.0 million.

The Corporation previously identified an out of balance
 condition related to non-accrual interest associated with an
 acquisition in 2002 which was not corrected in prior years. The
 cumulative after-tax effect of correcting the balance sheet as
 of January 1, 2006 was 0.6 million.

72

Table of Contents 

3. 

Mergers
 and Acquisitions 

On August 16, 2008, the Corporation completed its
 acquisition of IRGB, a bank holding company based in Pittsburgh,
 Pennsylvania. On the acquisition date, IRGB had
 301.7 million in assets, which included
 168.8 million in loans, and 252.3 million in
 deposits. The transaction, valued at 83.7 million,
 resulted in the Corporation paying 36.7 million in cash
 and issuing 3,176,990 shares of its common stock in
 exchange for 1,125,026 shares of IRGB common stock. The
 assets and liabilities of IRGB were recorded on the
 Corporation s balance sheet at their fair values as of
 August 16, 2008, the acquisition date, and IRGB s
 results of operations have been included in the
 Corporation s consolidated statement of income since then.
 IRGB s banking subsidiary, Iron and Glass Bank, was merged
 into FNBPA on August 16, 2008. Based on the purchase price
 allocation, the Corporation recorded 47.9 million in
 goodwill and 3.6 million in core deposit intangible as a
 result of the acquisition. None of the goodwill is deductible
 for income tax purposes.

On April 1, 2008, the Corporation completed its acquisition
 of Omega, a diversified financial services company based in
 State College, Pennsylvania. On the acquisition date, Omega had
 1.8 billion in assets, which included 1.1 billion in
 loans, and 1.3 billion in deposits. The all-stock
 transaction, valued at approximately 388.2 million,
 resulted in the Corporation issuing 25,362,525 shares of
 its common stock in exchange for 12,544,150 shares of Omega
 common stock. The assets and liabilities of Omega were recorded
 on the Corporation s balance sheet at their fair values as
 of April 1, 2008, the acquisition date, and Omega s
 results of operations have been included in the
 Corporation s consolidated statement of income since then.
 Omega s banking subsidiary, Omega Bank, was merged into
 FNBPA on April 1, 2008. Based on the purchase price
 allocation, the Corporation recorded 236.6 million in
 goodwill and 31.2 million in core deposit and other
 intangibles as a result of the acquisition. None of the goodwill
 is deductible for income tax purposes.

The following table shows the calculation of the preliminary
 purchase price and the resulting goodwill relating to the Omega
 acquisition (in thousands):

Fair value of stock issued and stock options assumed

388,176

Fair value of:

Tangible assets acquired

1,533,305

Core deposit and other intangible assets acquired

31,191

Liabilities assumed

(1,463,352

Net cash received in the acquisition

50,413

Fair value of net assets acquired

151,557

Goodwill recognized

236,619

The Corporation has not yet finalized its determination of the
 fair values of certain acquired assets and liabilities relating
 to the Omega acquisition and will adjust goodwill upon
 completion of the valuation process.

73

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the
 net assets that the Corporation acquired from Omega (in
 thousands):

Assets

Cash and due from banks

57,016

Federal funds sold

52,400

Securities

256,837

Loans

1,073,975

Goodwill and other intangible assets

267,810

Accrued income and other assets

143,490

Total assets

1,851,528

Liabilities

Deposits

1,291,483

Borrowings

157,241

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

14,628

Total liabilities

1,463,352

Purchase price

388,176

The following unaudited summary financial information presents
 the consolidated results of operations of the Corporation on a
 pro forma basis, as if the Omega acquisition had occurred at the
 beginning of each of the periods presented (dollars in
 thousands, except per share data):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net interest income

267,934

259,409

254,650

Provision for loan losses

75,806

14,848

14,308

Net interest income after provision for loan losses

192,128

244,561

240,342

Non-interest income

92,986

109,691

108,161

Non-interest expense

239,953

229,953

226,367

Income before taxes

45,161

124,299

122,136

Income taxes

7,518

34,497

34,715

Net income from continuing operations

37,643

89,802

87,421

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

(314

Net income

37,643

89,802

87,107

Net income per common share

Basic:

Continuing operations

0.47

1.05

1.04

Discontinued operations

0.00

0.47

1.05

1.04

Diluted:

Continuing operations

0.46

1.04

1.03

Discontinued operations

0.00

0.46

1.04

1.03

The pro forma results include the amortization of the fair value
 adjustments on loans, deposits and debt and the amortization of
 the newly created intangible assets and post-merger acquisition
 related expenses. The pro forma results for 2008 also include
 3.9 million pre-tax for certain non-recurring items,
 including personnel expense for retention bonuses and severance
 payments. The pro forma results do not reflect cost savings or
 revenue enhancements anticipated from the acquisition, and are
 not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred
 if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of the
 periods presented, nor are they necessarily indicative of future
 consolidated results. Actual results of operations of the
 Corporation for the periods noted above are listed in the
 Corporation s consolidated statement of income provided
 elsewhere in this Report.

74

Table of Contents 

Due to the materiality of the IRGB acquisition, they have not
 been included in the pro forma financial information presented
 above.

On May 26, 2006, the Corporation completed its acquisition
 of Legacy, a commercial bank and trust company headquartered in
 Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, with 375.1 million in assets,
 including 294.4 million in loans, and 256.5 million
 in deposits. Consideration paid by the Corporation totaled
 72.4 million and was comprised primarily of
 2,682,053 shares of the Corporation s common stock and
 21.1 million in cash in exchange for 3,831,505 shares
 of Legacy common stock. At the time of the acquisition, Legacy
 was merged into FNBPA. Based on the purchase price allocation,
 the Corporation recorded 46.4 million in goodwill and
 4.3 million in core deposit intangible as a result of the
 acquisition. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax
 purposes.

The assets and liabilities of these acquired entities were
 recorded on the balance sheet at their estimated fair values as
 of their respective acquisition dates. The consolidated
 financial statements include the results of operations of these
 entities from their respective dates of acquisition.

The Corporation recorded merger and integration charges of
 4.7 million, 0.2 million and 0.6 million in
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, associated with the
 acquisitions of Omega and IRGB in 2008 and the acquisition of
 Legacy in 2006.

4. 

Subsequent
 Events 

On January 9, 2009, the Corporation received a
 100.0 million investment as part of its voluntary
 participation in the U.S. Treasury CPP implemented pursuant
 to the EESA enacted on October 3, 2008.

The CPP is a voluntary program implemented by the
 U.S. Treasury in October 2008 and is available to
 qualifying financial institutions. As part of the transaction
 completed on January 9, 2009, the U.S. Treasury
 purchased 100,000 shares of the Corporation s
 Preferred Series C Stock and a warrant to purchase up to
 1,302,083 shares of the Corporation s common stock,
 for an aggregate purchase price of 100.0 million. The
 Preferred Series C Stock pays a cumulative dividend of 5 
 per annum for the first five years and 9 per annum thereafter.
 The dividends on the Preferred Series C Stock are payable
 quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15
 and November 15 of each year. In the event dividends on the
 Preferred Series C Stock are not paid in full for six
 dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the
 U.S. Treasury will have the right to elect two directors to
 the Corporation s Board of Directors and such right shall
 end when all accrued and unpaid dividends have been paid in
 full. The warrant has a ten year term and an exercise price of
 11.52 per share of the Corporation s common stock. The
 uniform terms and conditions for all CPP participants are
 publicly available at the U.S. Treasury website at:
 http://www.treas.gov/press/releases/reports/document5hp1207.pdf .

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase
 Agreement, the Corporation adopted the U.S. Treasury s
 standards for executive compensation and corporate governance
 for the period during which the U.S. Treasury holds the
 equity issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
 including the common stock that may be issued pursuant to the
 warrant. However, the Securities Purchase Agreement and all
 related documents may be amended unilaterally by the
 U.S. Treasury to comply with the American Recovery and
 Reinvestment Act of 2009, which was signed into law by the
 President on February 17, 2009, and which amended the
 executive compensation and corporate governance standards
 previously set forth by the EESA and subsequent
 U.S. Treasury regulations. The U.S. Treasury is
 expected to issue regulations to comply with those standards,
 which generally apply to the Corporation s top five most
 highly compensated employees, or senior executive officers, and
 extend in certain contexts to cover up to the next twenty most
 highly compensated employees.

The standards include (1) ensuring that incentive
 compensation for senior executive officers does not encourage
 unnecessary and excessive risks that threaten the value of the
 institution; (2) requiring the clawback of any bonus,
 retention award, or incentive compensation paid to a senior
 executive officer or any of the next twenty most highly
 compensated employees based on statements of earnings, revenues,
 gains, or other criteria that are later found to be materially
 inaccurate; (3) agreeing not to deduct for tax purposes
 executive compensation in excess of 500,000 for each senior
 executive officer; (4) prohibiting severance payments to a
 senior executive officer or any of the next five most highly
 compensated employees; (5) prohibiting the payment or
 accrual of any bonus, retention

75

Table of Contents 

award, or incentive compensation to a senior executive officer
 (except for payments of long-term restricted stock, provided
 that the award does not vest while the U.S. Treasury s
 funds are outstanding and the award does not have a value
 greater than one third of the receiving employee s total
 annual compensation); (6) prohibiting any compensation plan
 that encourages manipulation of the financial institution s
 reporting earnings to enhance the compensation of any of its
 employees; (7) requiring the establishment of a Board
 Compensation Committee comprised entirely of independent
 directors, for the purpose of reviewing employee compensation
 plans, which must meet at least semiannually to discuss and
 evaluate employee compensation plans in light of any risk posed
 by such plans to the financial institution; (8) requiring
 the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the
 financial institution to file a written certification of
 compliance with these standards with its annual filings required
 under the securities laws; (9) adopting a company-wide
 policy regarding excessive or luxury expenditures;
 (10) permitting a separate, non-binding shareholder vote to
 approve compensation of executives as disclosed pursuant to the
 compensation disclosure rules of the SEC; and (11) allowing
 the U.S. Treasury Secretary to review bonuses, retention
 awards, and other compensation paid to a senior executive
 officer or any of the next twenty most highly compensated
 employees prior to February 17, 2009, to determine whether
 any such payment was inconsistent with the purposes of the TARP
 or was otherwise contrary to the public interest, and if so, to
 engage in negotiations with the financial institution and the
 receiving employee for appropriate reimbursement to the federal
 government.

The standards above do not apply to prohibit any bonus payment
 required to be paid pursuant to a valid written employment
 contract executed on or before February 11, 2009.

The executive compensation and corporate governance restrictions
 will apply so long as the U.S. Treasury owns any of the
 Corporation s debt or equity securities acquired in
 connection with the transactions described herein, including the
 Preferred Series C Stock or any shares of the
 Corporation s common stock issued upon exercise of the
 warrant; however, the restrictions will not apply during any
 period in which the U.S. Treasury only holds the warrant to
 purchase the Corporation s common stock. Accordingly, the
 Corporation could be subject to these restrictions for an
 indefinite period of time. Further, the Securities Purchase
 Agreement and all related documents may be further amended
 unilaterally by the U.S. Treasury to the extent required to
 comply with any changes to the applicable federal statutes. Any
 such amendments may provide for additional executive
 compensation and corporate governance standards or modify the
 standards set forth above.

5. 

Securities 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities are as follows
 (in thousands):

Securities Available For Sale:

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2008 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies and corporations

249,370

3,925

253,295

Mortgage-backed securities

131,390

1,972

(306

133,056

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

71,065

254

(2,138

69,181

Corporate and other debt securities

34,219

(10,979

23,240

Total debt securities

486,044

6,151

(13,423

478,772

Equity securities

3,609

157

(268

3,498

489,653

6,308

(13,691

482,270

76

Table of Contents 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2007 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies and corporations

161,969

870

162,839

Mortgage-backed securities

71,329

1,076

(138

72,267

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

71,169

676

(355

71,490

Corporate and other debt securities

50,480

57

(4,330

46,207

Total debt securities

354,947

2,679

(4,823

352,803

Equity securities

5,526

404

(312

5,618

360,473

3,083

(5,135

358,421

December 31, 2006 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies and corporations

143,589

(148

143,441

Mortgage-backed securities

27,471

9

(296

27,184

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

36,574

564

(110

37,028

Corporate and other debt securities

40,790

226

(87

40,929

Total debt securities

248,424

799

(641

248,582

Equity securities

7,853

1,859

(15

9,697

256,277

2,658

(656

258,279

Securities Held To Maturity:

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

December 31, 2008 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies and corporations

506

154

660

Mortgage-backed securities

721,682

15,915

(7,442

730,155

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

115,766

376

(928

115,214

Corporate and other debt securities

5,909

(687

5,222

843,863

16,445

(9,057

851,251

December 31, 2007 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies and corporations

11,004

47

11,051

Mortgage-backed securities

547,046

2,059

(3,865

545,240

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

102,179

335

(134

102,380

Corporate and other debt securities

7,324

20

(101

7,243

667,553

2,461

(4,100

665,914

December 31, 2006 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies and corporations

89,378

23

(300

89,101

Mortgage-backed securities

559,658

355

(8,930

551,083

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

112,226

122

(842

111,506

Corporate and other debt securities

14,817

17

(229

14,605

776,079

517

(10,301

766,295

The Corporation sold 1.8 million of equity securities at a
 gain of 0.1 million during 2008 and sold 2.9 million
 of equity securities at a gain of 1.0 million during 2007.
 Additionally, the Corporation recognized a gain of
 0.7 million relating to the VISA, Inc. initial public
 offering during 2008. The Corporation also recognized a gain of
 0.1 million relating to 6.6 million of called
 securities during 2007. None of the security sales or calls were
 at a loss.

77

Table of Contents 

Gross gains and gross losses were realized on sales of
 securities as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Gross gains

839

1,155

1,802

Gross losses

(5

834

1,155

1,802

As of December 31, 2008, the amortized cost and fair value
 of securities, by contractual maturities, were as follows (in
 thousands):

Available for Sale 

Held to Maturity 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Due in one year or less

135

135

2,587

2,589

Due from one to five years

252,136

256,141

57,660

57,883

Due from five to ten years

12,324

12,415

32,717

32,706

Due after ten years

90,059

77,025

29,217

27,918

354,654

345,716

122,181

121,096

Mortgage-backed securities

131,390

133,056

721,682

730,155

Equity securities

3,609

3,498

489,653

482,270

843,863

851,251

Maturities may differ from contractual terms because borrowers
 may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without
 penalties. Periodic payments are received on mortgage-backed
 securities based on the payment patterns of the underlying
 collateral.

At December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, securities with a
 carrying value of 670.2 million, 522.0 million and
 518.7 million, respectively, were pledged to secure public
 deposits, trust deposits and for other purposes as required by
 law. Securities with a carrying value of 585.0 million,
 360.6 million and 324.5 million at December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, were pledged as collateral
 for short-term borrowings.

During 2004, the Corporation transferred 519.4 million of
 securities from available for sale to held to maturity. This
 transaction resulted in 4.0 million being recorded as
 other comprehensive income, which is being amortized over the
 average life of the securities transferred. At December 31,
 2008 and 2007, 0.5 million and 0.7 million,
 respectively, remained in other comprehensive income. The
 Corporation initiated this transfer to better reflect
 management s intentions at that time and to reduce the
 volatility of the equity adjustment due to the fluctuation in
 market prices of available for sale securities.

78

Table of Contents 

Following are summaries of the fair values and unrealized losses
 of securities, segregated by length of impairment (in thousands):

Securities Available For Sale:

Less than 12 Months 

Greater than 12 Months 

Total 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

December 31, 2008 

Mortgage-backed securities

33,856

(306

33,856

(306

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

54,230

(2,138

54,230

(2,138

Corporate and other debt securities

4,797

(1,375

7,859

(9,604

12,656

(10,979

Equity securities

1,053

(258

32

(10

1,085

(268

93,936

(4,077

7,891

(9,614

101,827

(13,691

December 31, 2007 

Mortgage-backed securities

14,673

(138

14,673

(138

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

23,806

(155

11,934

(200

35,740

(355

Corporate and other debt securities

34,407

(3,879

3,568

(451

37,975

(4,330

Equity securities

636

(302

13

(10

649

(312

58,849

(4,336

30,188

(799

89,037

(5,135

Securities Held To Maturity:

Less than 12 Months 

Greater than 12 Months 

Total 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

December 31, 2008 

Mortgage-backed securities

96,213

(6,531

7,832

(911

104,045

(7,442

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

44,555

(928

44,555

(928

Corporate and other debt securities

277

(7

4,445

(680

4,722

(687

141,045

(7,466

12,277

(1,591

153,322

(9,057

December 31, 2007 

Mortgage-backed securities

47,051

(432

280,433

(3,433

327,484

(3,865

States of the U.S. and political subdivisions

1,030

37,206

(134

38,236

(134

Corporate and other debt securities

5,726

(101

120

5,846

(101

53,807

(533

317,759

(3,567

371,566

(4,100

As of December 31, 2008, securities with unrealized losses
 for less than 12 months include 32 investments in
 mortgage-backed securities, 138 investments in states of the
 U.S. and political subdivision securities,
 4 investments in corporate and other debt securities and 11
 investments in equity securities. Securities with unrealized
 losses of greater than 12 months include 2 investments in
 mortgage-backed securities, 12 investments in corporate and
 other debt securities and 1 investment in an equity security.
 The Corporation has concluded that it has both the intent and
 ability to hold these securities for the time necessary to
 recover the amortized cost or until maturity.

The Corporation s unrealized losses on corporate debt
 securities primarily relate to investments in trust preferred
 securities. The Corporation s portfolio of trust preferred
 securities consists of single-issuer and pooled securities. The
 single-issuer securities are primarily from money-center and
 large regional banks. The pooled securities consist of
 securities issued primarily by banks, with some of the pools
 including a limited number of insurance companies. Investments
 in pooled securities are all in mezzanine tranches except for
 one investment in a

79

Table of Contents 

senior tranche, and are secured by over-collateralization or
 default protection provided by subordinated tranches. Unrealized
 losses on investments in trust preferred securities are
 attributable to temporary illiquidity and the financial crisis
 affecting these markets, as well as changes in interest rates.

Other-Than-Temporary
 Impairment 

The investment securities portfolio is evaluated for OTTI on a
 quarterly basis. Impairment is assessed at the individual
 security level. An investment security is considered impaired if
 the fair value of the security is less than its cost or
 amortized cost basis. When a decline in value is considered to
 be other-than-temporary, an impairment loss is recorded as a
 loss within non-interest income in the consolidated statement of
 income.

The Corporation s OTTI evaluation process is performed in a
 consistent and systematic manner and includes an evaluation of
 all available evidence. Documentation of the process is
 extensive as necessary to support a conclusion as to whether a
 decline in fair value below cost or amortized cost is
 other-than-temporary and includes documentation supporting both
 observable and unobservable inputs and a rationale for
 conclusions reached.

This process considers factors such as the severity, length of
 time and anticipated recovery period of the impairment, recent
 events specific to the issuer, including investment downgrades
 by rating agencies and economic conditions of its industry, and
 the issuer s financial condition, capital strength and
 near-term prospects. The Corporation also considers its intent
 and ability to retain the security for a period of time
 sufficient to allow for a recovery in fair value, or until
 maturity. Among the factors that are considered in determining
 the Corporation s intent and ability to retain the security
 is a review of its capital adequacy, interest rate risk position
 and liquidity.

The assessment of a security s ability to recover any
 decline in fair value, the ability of the issuer to meet
 contractual obligations, and the Corporation s intent and
 ability to retain the security require considerable judgment.

Debt securities with credit ratings below AA at the time of
 purchase that are repayment-sensitive securities are evaluated
 using the guidance of FAS 115 and the related guidance of
 EITF 99-20, 
 as amended by FSP
 EITF 99-20-1. 
 All other securities are required to be evaluated under
 FAS 115 and related implementation guidance.

The Corporation recognized losses of 17.2 million and
 0.1 million during 2008 and 2007, respectively, due to the
 write-down to fair value of securities that were deemed to be
 other-than-temporarily impaired. The impairment losses for 2008
 consisted of 1.2 million related to bank stocks and
 16.0 million related to investments in pooled trust
 preferred securities.

The 1.2 million OTTI charge for bank stocks relates to
 securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for
 between three and 12 months. In accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, management has deemed these
 impairments to be other-than-temporary given the low likelihood
 that they will recover in value in the foreseeable future. At
 year end, the Corporation held 31 bank stocks with an adjusted
 cost basis of 3.6 million and a fair value of
 3.5 million.

The Corporation invests in trust preferred securities issued by
 special purpose vehicles (SPV) which hold pools of collateral
 consisting of trust preferred and subordinated debt securities
 issued by banks, bank holding companies and insurance companies.
 The securities issued by the SPV are generally segregated into
 several classes known as tranches. Typically, the structure
 includes senior, mezzanine, and equity tranches. The equity
 tranche represents the first loss position. The Corporation
 generally holds interests in the senior and mezzanine tranches.
 Interest and principal collected from the collateral held by the
 SPV are distributed with a priority that provides the highest
 level of protection to the senior-most tranches. In order to
 provide a high level of protection to the senior tranches, cash
 flows are diverted to higher-level tranches if certain tests are
 not met.

Certain of these securities, when acquired, were within the
 scope of
 EITF 99-20, 
 as amended. The Corporation evaluates current available
 information in estimating the future cash flows of these
 securities and determines whether there have been favorable or
 adverse changes in estimated cash flows from the cash flows
 previously projected. The Corporation considers the structure
 and term of the pool and the financial condition of the
 underlying issuers. Specifically, the evaluation incorporates
 factors such as interest rates and appropriate risk premiums,
 the timing and amount of interest and principal payments and the
 allocation of payments to the various

80

Table of Contents 

tranches. Current estimates of cash flows are based on the most
 recent trustee reports, announcements of deferrals or defaults,
 expected future default rates and other relevant information.

Trust preferred securities have experienced price declines due
 to the current securities market environment and the currently
 limited secondary market for such securities, in addition to
 issue-specific credit deterioration. The Corporation determined
 through its OTTI evaluation that there is increased uncertainty
 as to whether it will receive all contractual principal and
 interest payments from some of these securities. As a result,
 the Corporation determined that there was not sufficient
 persuasive evidence to conclude that the impairment of some of
 these securities was temporary.

The Corporation has 13 pooled trust preferred security
 investments with a cost basis of 40.6 million and a fair
 value of 17.9 million. These investments represent
 interests in various SPV s collateralized by securities or
 debt issued by over 500 financial institutions. Twelve of the
 investments are in mezzanine tranches; the remaining is in a
 senior-level tranche. The Corporation has concluded that it is
 probable that there has been an adverse change in estimated cash
 flows for eight of the 13 investments; accordingly, the
 Corporation concluded that these securities are
 other-than-temporarily impaired. These eight securities were
 written down from a cost basis of 26.4 million to a new
 cost basis of 10.5 million, and are classified as
 non-performing investments. Three of the eight
 other-than-temporarily impaired investments have contractually
 deferred their interest payments, and it is probable that the
 other five will do so in the future. Unrealized losses on the
 remaining pooled trust preferred securities are considered
 temporary because the decline in fair value is attributable to
 temporary illiquidity and the financial crisis, as well as
 changes in spreads, and was not caused by cash flow impairment.
 These securities are current as to interest and principal
 payments and maintain a minimum rating of single A.

Conclusions regarding OTTI for trust preferred securities are
 based on trends in new deferrals by the underlying issuer and
 the expectation for additional deferrals and defaults in the
 future, negative changes in credit ratings and expectation for
 potential future negative rating changes, whether the security
 is currently deferring interest on the tranche that the
 Corporation owns and expected continued weakness in the
 U.S. economy. Write-downs were based on the individual
 securities credit performance and its ability to make its
 contractual principal and interest payments. Should credit
 quality continue to deteriorate, it is possible that additional
 write-downs may be required. If economic conditions worsen, it
 is possible that the securities that are currently performing
 satisfactorily could suffer impairment and could potentially
 require write-downs. The Corporation monitors actual deferrals
 and defaults as well as expected future deferrals and defaults
 to determine if there is a high probability for expected losses
 and contractual shortfalls of interest or principal, which could
 warrant further impairment. The entire portfolio is evaluated
 each quarter to determine if additional write-downs are
 warranted.

6. 

Loans 

Following is a summary of loans, net of unearned income (in
 thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Commercial

3,173,941

2,232,860

Direct installment

1,070,791

941,249

Consumer lines of credit

340,750

251,100

Residential mortgages

638,356

465,881

Indirect installment

531,430

427,663

Other

65,112

25,482

5,820,380

4,344,235

The above loan totals include unearned income of
 34.0 million and 25.7 million at December 31,
 2008 and 2007, respectively.

The loan portfolio consists principally of loans to individuals
 and small- and medium-sized businesses within the
 Corporation s primary market area of Pennsylvania and
 northeastern Ohio. In addition, the portfolio contains consumer
 finance loans to individuals in Pennsylvania, Ohio and
 Tennessee, which totaled 158.0 million or 2.7 of total
 loans as of December 31, 2008. The Corporation also
 operates commercial loan production offices in Pennsylvania and
 Florida and mortgage loan production offices in Ohio and
 Tennessee.

81

Table of Contents 

The Corporation had commercial loans in Florida totaling
 294.2 million or 5.1 of total loans as of
 December 31, 2008, which was comprised of the following:
 unimproved residential land (20.9 ), unimproved commercial land
 (22.7 ), improved land (7.0 ), income producing commercial real
 estate (26.8 ), residential construction (9.8 ), commercial
 construction (9.5 ), commercial and industrial (2.2 and
 owner-occupied (1.1 ). The weighted average loan-to-value ratio
 for this portfolio is 73.7 as of December 31, 2008.

The majority of the Corporation s loan portfolio consists
 of commercial loans, which is comprised of both commercial real
 estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. As of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, commercial real estate loans
 were 2.0 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, or
 34.3 and 32.1 of total loans. Approximately 46.0 of the
 commercial real estate loans are owner occupied, while the
 remaining 54.0 are non-owner occupied. As of December 31,
 2008 and 2007, the Corporation had construction loans of
 269.8 million and 201.2 million, respectively. As of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, there were no concentrations of
 loans relating to any industry in excess of 10 of total loans.

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, there were
 16.1 million and 3.2 million of loans, respectively,
 that were impaired loans acquired and have no associated
 allowance for loan losses as they were accounted for in
 accordance with
 SOP 03-3. 

Certain directors and executive officers of the Corporation and
 its significant subsidiaries, as well as associates of such
 persons, are loan customers. Loans to such persons were made in
 the ordinary course of business under normal credit terms and do
 not have more than a normal risk of collection. Following is a
 summary of the aggregate amount of loans to any such persons who
 had loans in excess of 60,000 during 2008 (in thousands):

Total loans at January 1, 2008

34,510

New loans

55,075

Repayments

(32,217

Other

(12,504

Total loans at December 31, 2008

44,864

Other represents the net change in loan balances resulting from
 changes in related parties during 2008.

7. 

Non-Performing
 Assets 

Following is a summary of non-performing assets (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Non-accrual loans

139,607

29,211

Restructured loans

4,097

3,468

Total non-performing loans

143,704

32,679

Non-performing investments

10,456

Other real estate owned

9,177

8,052

Total non-performing assets

163,337

40,731

For the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
 income that would have been recognized on non-performing loans
 if they were paid in accordance with their original terms was
 6.4 million, 2.4 million and 2.0 million,
 respectively. Interest recorded on non-performing loans was
 0.3 million, 0.4 million and 0.5 million for
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Loans past due 90 days
 or more and still accruing (see the Loans and the Allowance
 for Loan Losses section of the Summary of Significant
 Accounting Policies footnote) were 14.1 million,
 7.5 million and 5.5 million at December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

The Corporation discontinues interest accruals when principal or
 interest is due and has remained unpaid for 90 to 180 days
 depending on the loan type. When a loan is placed on non-accrual
 status, all unpaid interest is reversed. Non-accrual loans may
 not be restored to accrual status until all delinquent principal
 and interest have been paid.

82

Table of Contents 

Following is a summary of information pertaining to loans
 considered to be impaired (in thousands):

At or For The Year Ended
 December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Impaired loans with an allocated allowance

78,823

16,925

10,801

Impaired loans without an allocated allowance

59,323

10,150

10,912

Total impaired loans

138,146

27,075

21,713

Allocated allowance on impaired loans

20,505

5,208

4,931

Average impaired loans

82,611

24,394

21,664

Income recognized on impaired loans

59

98

90

The majority of the loans deemed impaired were evaluated using
 the fair value of the collateral as the measurement method.

8. 

Allowance
 for Loan Losses 

Following is an analysis of changes in the allowance for loan
 losses (in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Balance at beginning of year

52,806

52,575

50,707

Additions from acquisitions

12,150

21

3,035

Charge-offs

(35,914

(15,213

(14,680

Recoveries

3,317

2,730

3,101

Net charge-offs

(32,597

(12,483

(11,579

Provision for loan losses

72,371

12,693

10,412

Balance at end of year

104,730

52,806

52,575

9. 

Premises
 and Equipment 

Following is a summary of premises and equipment (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Land

26,765

15,821

Premises

119,615

92,216

Equipment

76,467

63,285

222,847

171,322

Accumulated depreciation

(100,248

(90,850

122,599

80,472

Depreciation and amortization expense of premises and equipment
 was 10.7 million for 2008, 8.8 million for 2007 and
 9.8 million for 2006.

The Corporation has operating leases extending to 2046 for
 certain land, office locations and equipment, many of which have
 renewal options. Leases that expire are generally expected to be
 replaced by other leases. Lease costs are expensed in accordance
 with FAS 13 taking into account escalation clauses. Rental
 expense was 5.7 million for 2008, 5.2 million for
 2007 and 5.8 million for 2006.

83

Table of Contents 

Total minimum rental commitments under such leases were
 29.8 million at December 31, 2008. Following is a
 summary of future minimum lease payments for years following
 December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

2009

4,530

2010

3,539

2011

2,964

2012

2,413

2013

2,033

Later years

14,364

10. 

Goodwill
 and Other Intangible Assets 

The following table shows a rollforward of goodwill by line of
 business (in thousands):

Community 

Wealth 

Consumer 

Banking 

Management 

Insurance 

Finance 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2007 

231,951

984

7,735

1,809

242,479

Goodwill additions

(359

(359

Balance at December 31, 2007 

231,592

984

7,735

1,809

242,120

Goodwill additions

277,561

7,086

1,511

286,158

Balance at December 31, 2008 

509,153

8,070

9,246

1,809

528,278

The Corporation recorded goodwill during 2007 primarily as a
 result of the final purchase accounting adjustments relating to
 the acquisition of Legacy and during 2008 as a result of the
 purchase accounting adjustments related to the acquisitions of
 Omega and IRGB.

The following table shows a summary of core deposit intangibles,
 customer and renewal lists and other intangible assets (in
 thousands):

Total 

Customer 

Finite- 

Core Deposit 

and Renewal 

Other Intangible 

lived 

Intangibles 

Lists 

Assets 

Intangibles 

December 31, 2008 

Gross carrying amount

66,239

10,970

890

78,099

Accumulated amortization

(28,548

(2,625

(697

(31,870

37,691

8,345

193

46,229

December 31, 2007 

Gross carrying amount

38,706

5,270

890

44,866

Accumulated amortization

(22,973

(1,858

(596

(25,427

15,733

3,412

294

19,439

The Corporation recorded 27.5 million in core deposit
 intangibles and 7.2 million in customer and renewal list
 intangibles during 2008 as a result of the acquisitions of Omega
 and IRGB.

Core deposit intangibles are being amortized primarily over
 10 years using straight-line and accelerated methods.
 Customer and renewal lists and other intangible assets are being
 amortized over their estimated useful lives which range from ten
 to twelve years.

Amortization expense on finite-lived intangible assets totaled
 6.4 million, 4.4 million and 4.1 million for
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Amortization expense on
 finite-lived intangible assets, assuming no new additions, is
 expected to total 6.5 million, 6.2 million,
 5.7 million, 5.3 million and 4.8 million for
 the years 2009 through 2013, respectively.

84

Table of Contents 

Goodwill and other intangible assets are reviewed annually for
 impairment, and more frequently if impairment indicators exist.
 The Corporation completed this review in 2008 and 2007 and
 determined that its intangible assets are not impaired.

11. 

Deposits 

Following is a summary of deposits (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Non-interest bearing demand

919,539

626,141

Savings and NOW

2,816,628

2,037,160

Certificates and other time deposits

2,318,456

1,734,383

6,054,623

4,397,684

Time deposits of 100,000 or more were 569.7 million and
 461.6 million at December 31, 2008 and 2007,
 respectively. Following is a summary of these time deposits by
 remaining maturity at December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Certificates of 

Other Time 

Deposit 

Deposits 

Total 

Three months or less

72,130

4,844

76,974

Three to six months

82,030

6,441

88,471

Six to twelve months

118,178

4,324

122,502

Over twelve months

188,519

93,246

281,765

460,857

108,855

569,712

Following is a summary of the scheduled maturities of
 certificates and other time deposits for each of the five years
 following December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

2009

1,313,089

2010

476,111

2011

213,315

2012

165,372

2013

130,493

Later years

20,076

12. 

Short-Term
 Borrowings 

Following is a summary of short-term borrowings (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements

414,705

276,552

Federal funds purchased

86,000

60,000

Subordinated notes

95,032

112,779

Other short-term borrowings

526

492

596,263

449,823

Credit facilities amounting to 40.0 million at
 December 31, 2008 were maintained with two banks at rates
 that are at or below prime rate. The facilities and their terms
 are periodically reviewed by the banks and are generally subject
 to withdrawal at their discretion. No credit facilities were
 used at December 31, 2008 or December 31, 2007.
 Additionally, at December 31, 2007, the Corporation had
 available a 25.0 million letter of credit from the FHLB.
 This letter of credit was unused at December 31, 2007 and
 expired during 2008. The weighted average interest rates on
 short-term borrowings were 2.49 in 2008, 4.63 in 2007 and
 4.35 in 2006. The weighted average interest rates on short-term
 borrowings at December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 were 1.59 ,
 3.98 and 4.72 , respectively.

85

Table of Contents 

13. 

Long-Term
 Debt 

Following is a summary of long-term debt (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

431,398

427,099

Subordinated notes

58,028

53,404

Convertible subordinated notes

613

658

Other long-term debt

211

205

490,250

481,366

The Corporation s banking affiliate has available credit
 with the FHLB of 2.0 billion, of which 431.4 million
 was used as of December 31, 2008. These advances are
 secured by loans collateralized by
 1-4 family 
 mortgages and FHLB stock and are scheduled to mature in various
 amounts periodically through the year 2019. Interest rates paid
 on these advances range from 2.12 to 5.54 in 2008, 2.79 to
 5.75 in 2007 and 2.91 to 5.75 in 2006.

Subordinated notes are unsecured and subordinated to other
 indebtedness of the Corporation. The long-term subordinated
 notes are scheduled to mature in various amounts periodically
 through the year 2017. At December 31, 2008, all of the
 long-term subordinated debt is redeemable by the holders prior
 to maturity at a discount equal to three months of interest. The
 Corporation may require the holder to give 30 days prior
 written notice. No sinking fund is required and none has been
 established to retire the debt. The weighted average interest
 rate on long-term subordinated debt was 4.08 at
 December 31, 2008, 5.58 at December 31, 2007 and
 5.20 at December 31, 2006.

The Corporation assumed 5 convertible subordinated notes in
 conjunction with the Legacy acquisition. The subordinated notes
 mature in 2018 and are convertible into shares of the
 Corporation s common stock at any time prior to maturity at
 12.50 per share. As of December 31, 2008, the Corporation
 has reserved 49,000 shares of common stock for issuance in
 the event the convertible subordinated notes are converted.

Scheduled annual maturities for all of the long-term debt for
 each of the five years following December 31, 2008 are as
 follows (in thousands):

2009

198,141

2010

197,309

2011

46,061

2012

46,740

2013

494

Later years

1,505

14. 

Junior
 Subordinated Debt Owed to Unconsolidated Subsidiary
 Trusts 

The Corporation has four unconsolidated subsidiary trusts
 (collectively, the Trusts): F.N.B. Statutory Trust I,
 F.N.B. Statutory Trust II, Omega Financial Capital
 Trust I and Sun Bancorp Statutory Trust I. One hundred
 percent of the common equity of each Trust is owned by the
 Corporation. The Trusts are not consolidated because the
 Corporation is not the primary beneficiary, as evaluated under
 FAS Interpretation (FIN) 46, Consolidation of Variable
 Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51 . The
 Trusts were formed for the purpose of issuing
 Corporation-obligated mandatorily redeemable capital securities
 (trust preferred securities) to third-party investors. The
 proceeds from the sale of trust preferred securities and the
 issuance of common equity by the Trusts were invested in junior
 subordinated debt securities (subordinated debt) issued by the
 Corporation, which are the sole assets of each Trust. The Trusts
 pay dividends on the trust preferred securities at the same rate
 as the distributions paid by the Corporation on the junior
 subordinated debt held by the Trusts. Omega Financial Capital
 Trust I and Sun Bancorp Statutory Trust I were
 acquired as a result of the Omega acquisition.

Distributions on the subordinated debt issued to the Trusts are
 recorded as interest expense by the Corporation. The trust
 preferred securities are subject to mandatory redemption, in
 whole or in part, upon

86

Table of Contents 

repayment of the subordinated debt. The subordinated debt, net
 of the Corporation s investment in the Trusts, qualifies as
 Tier 1 capital under the Board of Governors of the Federal
 Reserve System guidelines subject to certain limitations
 beginning March 31, 2009. The Corporation has entered into
 agreements which, when taken collectively, fully and
 unconditionally guarantee the obligations under the trust
 preferred securities subject to the terms of each of the
 guarantees.

The following table provides information relating to the Trusts
 as of December 31, 2008 (dollars in thousands):

F.N.B. 

F.N.B. 

Omega 

Sun Bancorp 

Statutory 

Statutory 

Financial 

Statutory 

Trust I 

Trust II 

Capital Trust 

Trust I 

Trust preferred securities

125,000

21,500

36,000

16,500

Common securities

3,866

665

1,114

511

Junior subordinated debt

128,866

22,165

35,768

18,587

Stated maturity date

3/31/33

6/15/36

10/18/34

2/22/31

Optional redemption date

3/31/08

6/15/11

10/18/09

2/22/11

Interest rate

7.12

7.17

5.98

10.20

variable;

fixed until 6/15/11;

fixed until 10/09;

LIBOR plus

then LIBOR plus

then LIBOR plus

325 basis points

165 basis points

219 basis points

15. 

Interest
 Rate Swaps 

In February 2005, the Corporation entered into an interest rate
 swap with a notional amount of 125.0 million, whereby it
 paid a fixed rate of interest and received a variable rate based
 on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The effective
 date of the swap was January 3, 2006 and the maturity date
 of the swap was March 31, 2008. The interest rate swap was
 a designated cash flow hedge designed to convert the variable
 interest rate to a fixed rate on 125.0 million of
 subordinated debt. The swap was considered to be highly
 effective and assessment of the hedging relationship is
 evaluated under Derivative Implementation Group Issue
 No. G7 using the hypothetical derivative method.

The Corporation s interest rate swap program for commercial
 loans provides customers with fixed rate loans while creating a
 variable rate asset for the Corporation. The notional amount of
 swaps under this program was 201.3 million as of
 December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2008, the asset and
 liability associated with these interest rate swaps were
 19.4 million and 18.8 million, respectively.

16. 

Commitments,
 Credit Risk and Contingencies 

The Corporation has commitments to extend credit and standby
 letters of credit that involve certain elements of credit risk
 in excess of the amount stated in the consolidated balance
 sheet. The Corporation s exposure to credit loss in the
 event of non-performance by the customer is represented by the
 contractual amount of those instruments. The credit risk
 associated with loan commitments and standby letters of credit
 is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to
 customers and is subject to normal credit policies. Since many
 of these commitments expire without being drawn upon, the total
 commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow
 requirements.

Following is a summary of off-balance sheet credit risk
 information (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Commitments to extend credit

1,254,470

943,277

Standby letters of credit

97,016

76,708

At December 31, 2008, funding of approximately 82.2 of the
 commitments to extend credit was dependent on the financial
 condition of the customer. The Corporation has the ability to
 withdraw such commitments at its discretion. Commitments
 generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination
 clauses and may require payment of a fee. Based on
 management s credit evaluation of the customer, collateral
 may be deemed

87

Table of Contents 

necessary. Collateral requirements vary and may include accounts
 receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment and
 income-producing commercial properties.

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by
 the Corporation that may require payment at a future date. The
 credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is quantified
 on a quarterly basis, through the review of historical
 performance of the Corporation s portfolios and allocated
 as a liability on the Corporation s balance sheet.

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are involved in various
 pending and threatened legal proceedings in which claims for
 monetary damages and other relief are asserted. These actions
 include claims brought against the Corporation and its
 subsidiaries where the Corporation acted as one or more of the
 following: a depository bank, lender, underwriter, fiduciary,
 financial advisor, broker or was engaged in other business
 activities. Although the ultimate outcome for any asserted claim
 cannot be predicted with certainty, the Corporation believes
 that it and its subsidiaries have valid defenses for all
 asserted claims. Reserves are established for legal claims when
 losses associated with the claims are judged to be probable and
 the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.

Based on information currently available, advice of counsel,
 available insurance coverage and established reserves, the
 Corporation does not anticipate, at the present time, that the
 aggregate liability, if any, arising out of such legal
 proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the
 Corporation s consolidated financial position. However, the
 Corporation cannot determine whether or not any claims asserted
 against it will have a material adverse effect on its
 consolidated results of operations in any future reporting
 period. It is possible, in the event of unexpected future
 developments, that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if
 unfavorable, may have a material adverse effect on the
 Corporation s consolidated results of operations for a
 particular period.

17. 

Comprehensive
 Income 

The components of comprehensive income, net of related tax, are
 as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net income

35,595

69,678

67,649

Other comprehensive loss:

Unrealized losses on securities:

Arising during the period, net of tax (benefit) expense of
 (7,713), (1,384) and 161

(14,324

(2,570

298

Less: reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in
 net income, net of tax expense (benefit) of (1,384), 363 and
 631

10,606

(674

(1,171

Unrealized (losses) gains on swap, net of tax (benefit) expense
 of (69), (455) and 1

(128

(845

1

Minimum benefit plan liability adjustment, net of tax (benefit)
 expense of (8,573), (594) and 234

(15,921

(1,103

434

Other comprehensive loss

(19,767

(5,192

(438

Comprehensive income

15,829

64,486

67,211

The amount of the reclassification adjustment for losses (gains)
 included in net income differs from the amount shown in the
 consolidated statement of income because it does not include
 gains or losses realized on securities that were purchased and
 then sold during 2008.

The accumulated balances related to each component of other
 comprehensive income are as follows (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net unrealized (losses) gains on securities

(4,338

(621

2,623

Unrealized gain on swap

128

973

Net unrecognized pension and postretirement obligations

(22,167

(6,245

(5,142

Accumulated other comprehensive income

(26,505

(6,738

(1,546

88

Table of Contents 

18. 

Stock
 Incentive Plans 

Restricted
 Stock 

The Corporation issues restricted stock awards, consisting of
 both restricted stock and restricted stock units, to key
 employees under its Incentive Compensation Plans (Plans). The
 grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards is equal to
 the price of the Corporation s common stock on the grant
 date. During 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Corporation issued
 245,255, 146,885 and 2,350 restricted shares of common stock,
 respectively, with weighted average grant date fair values of
 3.3 million, 2.4 million and 40,000, respectively,
 under these Plans. The Corporation has available up to
 2,998,062 shares of common stock to issue under these Plans.

Under the Plans, more than half of the restricted stock awards
 granted to management are earned if the Corporation meets or
 exceeds certain financial performance results when compared to
 its peers. These performance-related awards are expensed ratably
 from the date that the likelihood of meeting the performance
 measure is probable through the end of a four-year vesting
 period. The service-based awards are expensed ratably over a
 three-year vesting period. The Corporation also issues
 discretionary service-based awards to certain employees that
 vest over five years.

The unvested restricted stock awards are eligible to receive
 cash dividends or dividend equivalents which are ultimately used
 to purchase additional shares of stock. Any additional shares of
 stock ultimately received as a result of cash dividends are
 subject to forfeiture if the requisite service period is not
 completed or the specified performance criteria are not met.
 These awards are subject to certain accelerated vesting
 provisions upon retirement, death, disability or in the event of
 a change of control as defined in the award agreements.

Share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock
 awards was 2.1 million, 1.9 million and
 1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006, the tax benefit of which was 0.7 million,
 0.6 million and 0.4 million, respectively.

The following table summarizes certain information concerning
 restricted stock awards:

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Grant 

Grant 

Grant 

2008 

Price 

2007 

Price 

2006 

Price 

Unvested shares outstanding at beginning of year

387,064

17.59

302,264

18.54

296,457

18.52

Granted

245,255

13.51

146,885

16.13

2,350

17.07

Vested

(114,675

18.58

(54,448

18.56

(10,996

15.34

Forfeited

(27,991

14.69

(26,847

17.16

(1,755

18.10

Dividend reinvestment

37,448

13.48

19,210

15.87

16,208

16.91

Unvested shares outstanding at end of year

527,101

15.34

387,064

17.59

302,264

18.54

The total fair value of shares vested was 1.5 million,
 0.9 million and 0.2 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

As of December 31, 2008, there was 3.5 million of
 unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted
 stock awards granted including 0.2 million that is subject
 to accelerated vesting under the plan s immediate vesting
 upon retirement provision for awards granted prior to the
 adoption of FAS 123R. The components of the restricted
 stock awards as of December 31, 2008 are as follows
 (dollars in thousands):

Service- 

Performance- 

Based 

Based 

Awards 

Awards 

Total 

Unvested shares

205,566

321,535

527,101

Unrecognized compensation expense

1,168

2,306

3,474

Intrinsic value

2,713

4,244

6,957

Weighted average remaining life (in years)

2.05

2.53

2.34

89

Table of Contents 

Stock
 Options 

There were no stock options granted during 2008, 2007 or 2006.
 All outstanding stock options were granted at prices equal to
 the fair market value at the date of the grant, are primarily
 exercisable within ten years from the date of the grant and were
 fully vested as of January 1, 2006. The Corporation issues
 shares of treasury stock or authorized but unissued shares to
 satisfy stock option exercises. Shares issued upon the exercise
 of stock options were 543,584, 304,545 and 429,569 for 2008,
 2007 and 2006, respectively.

The following table summarizes certain information concerning
 stock option awards:

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Price per 

Price per 

Price per 

2008 

Share 

2007 

Share 

2006 

Share 

Options outstanding at beginning of year

1,139,844

11.75

1,450,225

11.69

1,622,864

11.54

Assumed in acquisitions

845,969

16.00

224,351

11.63

Exercised during the year

(543,591

11.41

(310,381

11.48

(396,990

11.04

Forfeited during the year

(142,905

17.77

Options outstanding and exercisable at end of year

1,299,317

14.00

1,139,844

11.75

1,450,225

11.69

Upon consummation of the Corporation s acquisitions, all
 outstanding options issued by the acquired companies were
 converted into equivalent F.N.B. Corporation options.

The following table summarizes information about stock options
 outstanding at December 31, 2008:

Options Outstanding and Exercisable 

Weighted Average 

Weighted 

Range of Exercise 

Options 

Remaining 

Average 

Prices 

Outstanding 

Contractual Years 

Exercise Price 

2.68 4.02

16,779

4.20

2.68

4.03 6.05

6.06 9.09

29,250

2.00

8.98

9.10 13.65

470,646

1.96

11.63

13.66 19.65

782,642

2.51

15.86

1,299,317

The intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options
 at December 31, 2008 was (2.6) million, since the
 fair value of the stock was less than the exercise price.

The following table shows proceeds from stock options exercised,
 related tax benefits realized from stock option exercises and
 the intrinsic value of the stock options exercised (in
 thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Proceeds from stock options exercised

6,192

3,422

4,403

Tax benefit recognized from stock options exercised

988

613

610

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

2,823

1,751

1,743

Warrants 

The Corporation assumed warrants to issue 123,394 shares of
 common stock at an exercise price of 10.00 in conjunction with
 the Legacy acquisition. Such warrants are exercisable and will
 expire on various dates in 2009. The Corporation has reserved
 shares of common stock for issuance in the event these warrants
 are exercised. As of December 31, 2008, warrants to
 purchase 45,524 shares of common stock remain outstanding.

90

Table of Contents 

19. 

Retirement
 Plans 

The Corporation sponsors the F.N.B. Corporation Retirement
 Income Plan (RIP), a qualified noncontributory defined benefit
 pension plan covering substantially all salaried employees hired
 prior to January 1, 2008. The RIP covers employees who
 satisfy minimum age and length of service requirements. During
 2006, the Corporation amended the RIP such that effective
 January 1, 2007, benefits are earned based on the
 employee s compensation each year. The plan amendment
 resulted in a remeasurement that produced a net unrecognized
 service credit of 14.0 million, which is being amortized
 over the average period of future service of active employees of
 13.5 years. Benefits of the RIP for service provided prior
 to December 31, 2006 are generally based on years of
 service and the employee s highest compensation for five
 consecutive years during their last ten years of employment.
 During 2007, the Corporation amended the RIP such that it is
 closed to new participants who commence employment with the
 Corporation on or after January 1, 2008. The
 Corporation s funding guideline has been to make annual
 contributions to the RIP each year, if necessary, such that
 minimum funding requirements are met. The Corporation made a
 contribution of 5.8 million to the RIP during 2006. Based
 on the funded status of the plan and the 2006 plan amendment,
 the Corporation did not make a contribution to the RIP in 2007
 or 2008.

The Corporation also sponsors two supplemental non-qualified
 retirement plans. The ERISA Excess Retirement Plan provides
 retirement benefits equal to the difference, if any, between the
 maximum benefit allowable under the Internal Revenue Code and
 the amount that would be provided under the RIP, if no limits
 were applied. The Basic Retirement Plan (BRP) is applicable to
 certain officers who are designated by the Board of Directors.
 Officers participating in the BRP receive a benefit based on a
 target benefit percentage based on years of service at
 retirement and a designated tier as determined by the Board of
 Directors. When a participant retires, the basic benefit under
 the BRP is a monthly benefit equal to the target benefit
 percentage times the participant s highest average monthly
 cash compensation during five consecutive calendar years within
 the last ten calendar years of employment. This monthly benefit
 is reduced by the monthly benefit the participant receives from
 Social Security, the qualified RIP, the ERISA Excess Retirement
 Plan and the annuity equivalent of the two percent automatic
 contributions to the qualified 401(k) defined contribution plan
 and the ERISA Excess Lost Match Plan. The BRP was frozen as of
 December 31, 2008, at which time the Corporation recognized
 a one-time charge of 0.8 million.

The following tables provide information relating to the
 accumulated benefit obligation, change in benefit obligation,
 change in plan assets, the plans funded status and the
 amount included in the consolidated balance sheet for the
 qualified and non-qualified plans described above (collectively,
 the Plans) (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Accumulated benefit obligation

111,834

102,683

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

105,291

103,242

Service cost

3,292

3,239

Interest cost

6,648

6,186

Acquisition of IRGB

2,336

Actuarial loss (gain)

1,507

(3,112

Special termination benefits

358

Curtailment gain

(1,642

Benefits paid

(4,564

(4,264

Projected benefit obligation at end of year

113,226

105,291

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

111,037

108,746

Actual return on plan assets

(16,475

5,835

Corporation contribution

750

720

Acquisition of IRGB

1,929

Benefits paid

(4,564

(4,264

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

92,677

111,037

91

Table of Contents 

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Funded status of plan

(20,550

5,747

The unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service cost and net
 transition obligation are required to be recognized into
 earnings over the average remaining service period, which may,
 on a net basis reduce future earnings. Net periodic pension cost
 is expected to increase by approximately 4.0 million in 2009
 primarily reflecting the impact of the general performance of
 the market on the fair value of plan assets during 2008.

Actuarial assumptions used in the determination of the projected
 benefit obligation in the Plans are as follows:

Assumptions at December
 31 

2008 

2007 

Weighted average discount rate

6.09

6.20

Rates of average increase in compensation levels

4.00

4.00

The discount rate assumption at December 31, 2008 and 2007
 was determined using a yield-curve based approach. A yield curve
 was produced for a universe containing the majority of
 U.S.-issued 
 Aa-graded corporate bonds, all of which were non-callable (or
 callable with make-whole provisions), and after excluding the
 10 of the bonds with the highest yields and the 10 of the
 bonds with the lowest yields. The discount rate was developed as
 the level equivalent rate that would produce the same present
 value as that using spot rates aligned with the projected
 benefit payments.

The net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive income for
 the Plans included the following components (in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Service cost

3,292

3,239

4,302

Interest cost

6,648

6,186

6,412

Expected return on plan assets

(8,789

(8,567

(7,993

Settlement charge (credit)

762

(15

Special termination charge

358

Transition amount amortization

(93

(93

(93

Prior service (credit) cost amortization

(1,091

(1,089

(542

Actuarial loss amortization

1,083

879

1,288

Net periodic pension cost

2,170

555

3,359

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized
 in other comprehensive income:

Current year actuarial loss (gain)

26,771

(380

Curtailment effects

(2,403

Amortization of actuarial loss

(1,083

(879

Amortization of prior service credit

1,091

1,089

Amortization of transition asset

93

93

Total recognized in other comprehensive income

24,469

(77

Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other
 comprehensive income

26,639

478

The plans have an actuarial measurement date of
 December 31. Actuarial assumptions used in the
 determination of the net periodic pension cost in the Plans are
 as follows:

Assumptions for the Year Ended
 December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted average discount rate

6.21

5.90

5.70

Rates of increase in compensation levels

4.00

4.00

4.00

Expected long-term rate of return on assets

8.00

8.00

8.00

92

Table of Contents 

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets has been
 established by considering historical and anticipated expected
 returns on the asset classes invested in by the pension trust
 and the allocation strategy currently in place among those
 classes.

The change in plan assets reflects benefits paid from the
 qualified pension plans of 3.8 million and
 3.5 million for 2008 and 2007, respectively, and employer
 contributions to the qualified pension plans of 0 for both 2008
 and 2007. For the non-qualified pension plans, the change in
 plan assets reflects benefits paid and contributions to the
 plans in the same amount. This amount represents the actual
 benefit payments paid from general plan assets of
 0.7 million for both 2008 and 2007. Based on the funded
 status of the plan and the 2006 plan amendment, the Corporation
 did not make a contribution to the RIP in 2008.

As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the projected benefit
 obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of
 plan assets for the qualified and non-qualified pension plans
 were as follows (in thousands):

Non-Qualified 

Qualified Pension Plans 

Pension Plans 

December 31 

2008 

2007 

2008 

2007 

Projected benefit obligation

96,016

87,696

17,210

17,595

Accumulated benefit obligation

94,710

87,045

17,124

15,637

Fair value of plan assets

92,677

111,037

The impact of changes in the discount rate, expected long-term
 rate of return on plan assets and compensation levels would have
 had the following effects on 2008 pension expense (in thousands):

Estimated 

Increase in 

Pension 

Expense 

0.5 decrease in the discount rate

751

0.5 decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan
 assets

549

The following table provides information regarding estimated
 future cash flows relating to the Plans at December 31,
 2008 (in thousands):

Expected employer contributions:

2009

1,145

Expected benefit payments:

2009

5,653

2010

5,377

2011

5,812

2012

6,312

2013

6,523

2014 2018

41,277

The qualified pension plan contributions are deposited into a
 trust and the qualified benefit payments are made from trust
 assets. For the non-qualified plans, the contributions and the
 benefit payments are the same and reflect expected benefit
 amounts, which are paid from general assets.

The Corporation s subsidiaries participate in a qualified
 401(k) defined contribution plan under which eligible employees
 may contribute a percentage of their salary. The Corporation
 matches 50 percent of an eligible employee s
 contribution on the first 6 percent that the employee
 defers. Employees are generally eligible to participate upon
 completing 90 days of service and having attained
 age 21. As an offset to the decrease in RIP benefits,
 beginning with 2007, the Corporation began making an automatic
 two percent contribution and may make an additional contribution
 of up to two percent depending on the Corporation achieving its
 performance goals for the plan year. Effective January 1,
 2008, the automatic contribution for substantially all new
 full-time employees was increased from two percent to four
 percent. As a result, the Corporation s contribution
 expense of 4.3 million for 2008 increased from
 3.1 million in 2007 and 1.5 million in 2006.

The Corporation also sponsors an ERISA Excess Lost Match Plan
 for certain officers. This plan provides retirement benefits
 equal to the difference, if any, between the maximum benefit
 allowable under the Internal

93

Table of Contents 

Revenue Code and the amount that would have been provided under
 the qualified 401(k) defined contribution plan, if no limits
 were applied.

Pension
 Plan Investment Policy and Strategy 

The Corporation s investment strategy is to diversify plan
 assets between a wide mix of securities within the equity and
 debt markets in an effort to allow the plan the opportunity to
 meet the expected long-term rate of return requirements while
 minimizing short-term volatility, where possible. In this
 regard, the plan has targeted allocations within the equity
 securities category for domestic large cap, domestic mid cap,
 domestic small cap, real estate investment trusts, emerging
 market and international securities. Within the debt securities
 category, the plan has targeted allocation levels for
 U.S. treasury, U.S. agency, domestic investment grade
 bonds, high yield bonds, inflation protected securities and
 international bonds.

Following are asset allocations for the Corporation s
 pension plans as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the
 target allocation for 2009, by asset category:

Target 

Allocation 

Percentage of Plan Assets 

December 31 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Asset Category 

Equity securities

45 - 65

43

54

Debt securities

35 - 55

45

38

Cash equivalents

0 - 10

12

8

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, equity securities included
 303,128 shares of the Corporation s common stock
 totaling 4.0 million (4.4 of total plan assets) at
 December 31, 2008 and 4.5 million (4.0 of plan
 assets at December 31, 2007. The plan acquired
 25,000 shares during 2007. Dividends received on these
 shares were 0.3 million for 2008 and 2007.

20. 

Other
 Postretirement Benefit Plans 

The Corporation sponsors a pre-Medicare eligible postretirement
 medical insurance plan for retirees of certain affiliates
 between the ages of 62 and 65. During 2006, the Corporation
 amended the plan such that only employees who are age 60 or
 older as of January 1, 2007 are eligible for employer paid
 coverage. The postretirement plan amendment resulted in a
 remeasurement that produced a net unrecognized service credit of
 2.7 million, which has been amortized over the remaining
 service period of eligible employees of 1.3 years and has
 been fully recognized in 2007. The Corporation has no plan
 assets attributable to this plan and funds the benefits as
 claims arise. Benefit costs related to this plan are recognized
 in the periods in which employees provide service for such
 benefits. The Corporation reserves the right to terminate the
 plan or make plan changes at any time.

The following tables provide information relating to the change
 in benefit obligation, change in plan assets, the Plan s
 funded status and the liability reflected in the consolidated
 balance sheet (in thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

2,262

2,373

Service cost

24

57

Interest cost

115

134

Plan participants contributions

67

82

Actuarial loss (gain)

23

96

Benefits paid

(510

(480

Acquisitions

16

Benefit obligation at end of year

1,997

2,262

94

Table of Contents 

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

Corporation contribution

443

398

Plan participants contributions

67

82

Benefits paid

(510

(480

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Funded status of plan

(1,997

(2,262

Actuarial assumptions used in the determination of the benefit
 obligation in the Plan are as follows:

Assumptions at December
 31 

2008 

2007 

Discount rate

5.70

5.50

Assumed healthcare cost trend:

Initial trend

8.00

8.00

Ultimate trend

5.00

5.00

Year ultimate trend reached

2017

2016

The discount rate assumption at December 31, 2008 was
 determined using the same yield-curve based approach as
 previously described in the Retirement Plans footnote.

Net periodic postretirement benefit (income) cost and other
 comprehensive income included the following components (in
 thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Service cost

24

57

218

Interest cost

115

134

248

Actuarial loss amortization

2

Prior service (credit) cost amortization

(1,682

(1,042

Net periodic postretirement benefit (income) cost

141

(1,491

(576

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized
 in other comprehensive income:

Current year actuarial loss

23

96

Amortization of actuarial loss

(2

Amortization of prior service credit

1,683

Total recognized in other comprehensive income

21

1,779

Total recognized in net periodic postretirement income and other
 comprehensive income

162

288

Actuarial assumptions used in the determination of the net
 periodic postretirement cost in the Plan are as follows:

Assumptions for the Year Ended
 December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted average discount rate

5.50

5.90

5.70

Assumed healthcare cost trend:

Initial trend

8.00

9.00

10.00

Ultimate trend

5.00

5.00

5.00

Year ultimate cost trend reached

2016

2011

2011

95

Table of Contents 

A one percentage point change in the assumed health care cost
 trend rate would have had the following effects on 2008 service
 and interest cost and the accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligation at December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

1 Increase 

1 Decrease 

Effect on service and interest components of net periodic cost

5

(5

Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation

91

(84

The following table provides information regarding estimated
 future cash flows relating to the postretirement benefit plan at
 December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Expected employer contributions:

2009

481

Expected benefit payments:

2009

534

2010

466

2011

298

2012

213

2013

194

2014 2018

759

The contributions and the benefit payments for the
 postretirement benefit plan are the same and represent expected
 benefit amounts, net of participant contributions, which are
 paid from general plan assets.

21. 

Income
 Taxes 

Income tax expense, allocated based on a separate tax return
 basis, consists of the following (in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Current income taxes:

Federal taxes

21,186

26,442

23,039

State taxes

117

168

259

21,303

26,610

23,298

Deferred income taxes:

Federal taxes

(14,017

1,889

6,313

State taxes

(49

(38

(74

(14,066

1,851

6,239

7,237

28,461

29,537

Income tax expense (benefit) related to gains (losses) on the
 sale of securities was 0.3 million, 0.4 million and
 0.6 million for 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Income tax expense and the effective tax rate for 2008 were
 favorably impacted by 0.6 million due to the outcome of
 examinations
 and/or the
 expiration of an uncertain tax position in the current period.
 The effective tax rates for 2008, 2007 and 2006 were all lower
 than the 35.0 federal statutory tax rate due to tax benefits
 resulting from tax-exempt income on investments, loans, tax
 credits and income from bank owned life insurance.

The following table provides a reconciliation between the
 federal statutory tax rate and the actual effective tax rate:

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Federal statutory tax rate

35.0

35.0

35.0

Effect of tax-free interest and dividend income

(14.4

(4.5

(3.8

Tax credits and settlements

(3.8

(1.0

(1.0

Other items

0.1

(0.5

0.2

Actual effective tax rate

16.9

29.0

30.4

96

Table of Contents 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below (in
 thousands):

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Deferred tax assets:

Allowance for loan losses

46,790

21,031

State net operating loss carryforwards

10,056

9,028

Federal net operating loss carryforward

155

Deferred compensation

4,802

2,983

Purchase accounting adjustments

3,299

Tax credits

1,508

Securities impairments

7,308

373

Pension and other defined benefit plans

9,203

Net unrealized securities losses

2,343

247

Other

2,180

1,462

Total

87,489

35,279

Valuation allowance

(12,068

(10,833

Total deferred tax assets

75,421

24,446

Deferred tax liabilities:

Loan fees

(1,636

(1,593

Depreciation

(6,771

(110

Pension and other defined benefit plans

(40

Intangibles

(13,880

(5,594

Prepaid expenses

(466

(627

Other

(214

(767

Total deferred tax liabilities

(22,967

(8,731

Net deferred tax assets

52,454

15,715

The Corporation establishes a valuation allowance when it is
 more likely than not that the Corporation will not be able to
 realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, or when future
 deductibility is uncertain. Periodically, the valuation
 allowance is reviewed and adjusted based on management s
 assessment of realizable deferred tax assets. At
 December 31, 2008, the Corporation had unused state net
 operating loss carryforwards expiring from 2009 to 2027. The
 Corporation anticipates that neither the state net operating
 loss carryforwards nor the other net deferred tax assets at
 certain of its subsidiaries will be utilized and, as such, has
 recorded a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets
 related to these carryforwards. The Corporation has
 1.5 million of alternative minimum tax credits that may be
 carried forward indefinitely.

The Corporation adopted the provisions of FIN 48 on
 January 1, 2007. As a result of the implementation of
 FIN 48, the Corporation recognized an increase of
 1.2 million in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 including 0.1 million related to interest. The cumulative
 effect of the adoption of FIN 48 was accounted for as a
 decrease to the January 1, 2007 balance of retained
 earnings. On January 1, 2007, the Corporation s
 unrecognized tax benefits were 3.6 million, net of federal
 income tax benefit, of which 0.3 million relates to
 interest and 2.7 million relates to tax positions, the
 recognition of which would affect the Corporation s
 effective income tax rate.

As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Corporation has
 approximately 2.8 million and 2.6 million,
 respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits and interest. As of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, 0.2 million and
 0.2 million, respectively, relates to interest and
 1.1 million and 1.8 million, respectively, relates
 to tax positions, the recognition of which would affect the
 Corporation s effective income tax rate. The Corporation
 recognizes potential accrued interest and penalties related to
 unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. To the extent
 interest is not assessed with respect to uncertain tax
 positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a
 reduction of the overall income tax provision.

The Corporation files numerous consolidated and separate income
 tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction and in
 several state jurisdictions. The Corporation is no longer
 subject to U.S. federal income tax

97

Table of Contents 

examinations for years prior to 2005. However, the
 Corporation s 2006 and 2007 federal income tax returns are
 presently under examination. With limited exception, the
 Corporation is no longer subject to state income tax
 examinations for years prior to 2005 and state income tax
 returns for 2005 through 2007 are currently subject to
 examination. Management does not anticipate that federal or
 state examinations will result in an unfavorable material change
 to its financial position or results of operations. However, it
 is reasonably possible that a reduction in the unrecognized tax
 benefit of up to 0.2 million may occur in the next twelve
 months from the outcome of examinations
 and/or the
 expiration of statutes of limitations which would result in a
 reduction in income taxes.

Unrecognized
 Tax Benefits 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
 unrecognized tax benefits (excluding interest and the federal
 income tax benefit of unrecognized state tax benefits) is as
 follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

Balance at beginning of year

3,254

3,901

Additions based on tax positions related to current year

951

872

Additions based on tax positions of prior year

330

Reductions for tax positions of prior years

(193

Reductions due to statute of limitations

(952

(1,519

Settlements

(180

Balance at end of year

3,210

3,254

22. 

Earnings
 per Share 

The following tables set forth the computation of basic and
 diluted earnings per share (dollars in thousands, except per
 share data):

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net income - basic earnings per share

35,595

69,678

67,649

Interest expense on convertible debt

20

22

20

Net income after assumed conversion - diluted earnings per
 share

35,615

69,700

67,669

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding

80,654,153

60,135,859

58,852,623

Net effect of dilutive stock options, warrants, restricted stock
 and convertible debt

343,834

493,206

524,025

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding

80,997,987

60,629,065

59,376,648

Basic earnings per share

0.44

1.16

1.15

Diluted earnings per share

0.44

1.15

1.14

23. 

Regulatory
 Matters 

The Corporation and FNBPA are subject to various regulatory
 capital requirements administered by the federal banking
 agencies. Quantitative measures established by regulators to
 ensure capital adequacy require the Corporation and FNBPA to
 maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1
 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets
 (as defined) and of leverage ratio (as defined). Failure to meet
 minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and
 possibly additional discretionary actions, by regulators that,
 if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the
 Corporation s consolidated financial statements. Under
 capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for
 prompt corrective action, the Corporation and FNBPA must meet
 specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures
 of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as
 calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The
 Corporation s and FNBPA s capital amounts and
 classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the
 regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.

98

Table of Contents 

The Corporation s management believes that, as of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Corporation and FNBPA met
 all capital adequacy requirements to which either of them was
 subject.

As of December 31, 2008, the most recent notification from
 the Federal Banking Agencies categorized the Corporation and
 FNBPA as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for
 prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events
 since the notification which management believes have changed
 this categorization.

Following are the capital ratios as of December 31, 2008
 and 2007 for the Corporation and FNBPA (dollars in thousands):

Well-Capitalized 

Minimum Capital 

Actual 

Requirements 

Requirements 

December 31,
 2008 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets):

F.N.B. Corporation

662,600

11.1

595,569

10.0

476,455

8.0

FNBPA

624,976

10.7

583,070

10.0

466,456

8.0

Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets):

F.N.B. Corporation

577,317

9.7

357,342

6.0

238,228

4.0

FNBPA

551,931

9.5

349,842

6.0

233,228

4.0

Leverage Ratio:

F.N.B. Corporation

577,317

7.3

393,141

5.0

314,513

4.0

FNBPA

551,931

7.2

385,201

5.0

308,161

4.0

December 31, 2007 

Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets):

F.N.B. Corporation

501,490

11.5

437,905

10.0

350,324

8.0

FNBPA

460,834

10.8

426,062

10.0

340,849

8.0

Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets):

F.N.B. Corporation

436,758

10.0

262,743

6.0

175,162

4.0

FNBPA

414,228

9.7

255,637

6.0

170,425

4.0

Leverage Ratio:

F.N.B. Corporation

436,758

7.5

292,482

5.0

233,985

4.0

FNBPA

414,228

7.3

284,200

5.0

227,360

4.0

FNBPA was required to maintain aggregate cash reserves with the
 FRB amounting to 43.5 million at December 31, 2008.
 The Corporation also maintains deposits for various services
 such as check clearing.

Certain limitations exist under applicable law and regulations
 by regulatory agencies regarding dividend distributions to a
 parent by its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2008, the
 Corporation s nonbanking subsidiaries had 6.4 million
 of retained earnings available for distribution to the
 Corporation without prior regulatory approval.

Under current FRB regulations, FNBPA is limited in the amount it
 may lend to non-bank affiliates, including the Corporation. Such
 loans must be secured by specified collateral. In addition, any
 such loans to a non-bank affiliate may not exceed 10 of
 FNBPA s capital and surplus and the aggregate of loans to
 all such affiliates may not exceed 20 of FNBPA s capital
 and surplus. The maximum amount that may be borrowed by the
 Corporation under these provisions was 67.7 million at
 December 31, 2008.

24. 

Business
 Segments 

The Corporation operates in four reportable segments: Community
 Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance and Consumer Finance.

The Community Banking segment offers services traditionally
 offered by full-service commercial banks, including commercial
 and individual demand, savings and time deposit accounts and
 commercial, mortgage and individual installment loans.

The Wealth Management segment provides a broad range of personal
 and corporate fiduciary services including the administration of
 decedent and trust estates. In addition, it offers various

99

Table of Contents 

alternative products, including securities brokerage and
 investment advisory services, mutual funds and annuities.

The Insurance segment includes a full-service insurance agency
 offering all lines of commercial and personal insurance through
 major carriers. The Insurance segment also includes a reinsurer.

The Consumer Finance segment is primarily involved in making
 installment loans to individuals and purchasing installment
 sales finance contracts from retail merchants. The Consumer
 Finance segment activity is funded through the sale of the
 Corporation s subordinated notes at Regency s branch
 offices.

The following tables provide financial information for these
 segments of the Corporation (in thousands). The information
 provided under the caption Parent and Other 
 represents operations not considered to be reportable segments
 and/or 
 general operating expenses of the Corporation, and includes the
 parent company, other non-bank subsidiaries and eliminations and
 adjustments which are necessary for purposes of reconciling to
 the consolidated amounts.

Wealth 

Community 

Manage- 

Consumer 

Parent 

Banking 

ment 

Insurance 

Finance 

and Other 

Consolidated 

At or for the Year Ended December 31, 2008 

Interest income

375,876

50

408

32,287

1,160

409,781

Interest expense

140,473

7

5,837

11,672

157,989

Net interest income

235,403

43

408

26,450

(10,512

251,792

Provision for loan losses

66,110

5,642

619

72,371

Non-interest income

59,025

21,320

13,127

2,193

(9,550

86,115

Non-interest expense

174,681

14,953

11,585

14,965

78

216,262

Intangible amortization

5,675

274

493

6,442

Income tax expense (benefit)

9,280

2,187

552

2,852

(7,634

7,237

Net income (loss)

38,682

3,949

905

5,184

(13,125

35,595

Total assets

8,184,555

19,653

23,623

164,835

(27,855

8,364,811

Total intangibles

547,036

12,734

12,928

1,809

574,507

Wealth 

Community 

Manage- 

Consumer 

Parent 

Banking 

ment 

Insurance 

Finance 

and Other 

Consolidated 

At or for the Year Ended December 31, 2007 

Interest income

338,847

121

466

31,780

(2,324

368,890

Interest expense

158,524

9

6,379

9,141

174,053

Net interest income

180,323

112

466

25,401

(11,465

194,837

Provision for loan losses

7,875

4,818

12,693

Non-interest income

55,946

16,034

11,769

2,083

(4,223

81,609

Non-interest expense

126,625

11,734

9,807

14,361

(1,319

161,208

Intangible amortization

3,936

25

445

4,406

Income tax expense (benefit)

28,497

1,569

732

3,006

(5,343

28,461

Net income (loss)

69,336

2,818

1,251

5,299

(9,026

69,678

Total assets

5,909,315

6,665

22,938

156,780

(7,677

6,088,021

Total intangibles

247,619

1,252

10,879

1,809

261,559

100

Table of Contents 

Wealth 

Community 

Manage- 

Consumer 

Parent 

Banking 

ment 

Insurance 

Finance 

and Other 

Consolidated 

At or for the Year Ended December 31, 2006 

Interest income

314,075

150

563

30,785

(3,151

342,422

Interest expense

139,337

9

5,805

8,434

153,585

Net interest income

174,738

141

563

24,980

(11,585

188,837

Provision for loan losses

4,884

5,528

10,412

Non-interest income

57,828

13,632

12,185

2,085

(6,455

79,275

Non-interest expense

122,778

9,993

10,278

14,778

(1,461

156,366

Intangible amortization

3,687

16

445

4,148

Income tax expense (benefit)

30,254

1,348

744

2,501

(5,310

29,537

Net income (loss)

70,963

2,416

1,281

4,258

(11,269

67,649

Total assets

5,839,636

6,650

25,400

151,981

(16,075

6,007,592

Total intangibles

251,928

1,277

11,324

1,809

266,338

25. 

Cash Flow
 Information 

Following is a summary of cash flow information (in thousands):

Year Ended
 December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Interest paid on deposits and other borrowings

153,125

177,148

151,485

Income taxes paid

26,300

24,282

16,250

Transfers of loans to other real estate owned

11,973

5,462

4,427

Transfers of other real estate owned to loans

985

290

229

Supplemental non-cash information relating to the
 Corporation s acquisitions is included in the Mergers and
 Acquisitions footnote included in this Item of the Report.

101

Table of Contents 

26. 

Parent
 Company Financial Statements 

The following is condensed financial information of F.N.B.
 Corporation (parent company only). In this information, the
 parent company s investments in subsidiaries are stated at
 cost plus equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries since
 acquisition. During 2007, First National Corporation, a Delaware
 corporation that held equity securities and other assets, was
 merged into the parent. This information should be read in
 conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.

Balance Sheets
 (in thousands) 

December 31 

2008 

2007 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents

66,779

21,698

Securities available for sale

3,793

5,896

Premises and equipment

4,598

Other assets

21,715

21,558

Investment in and advance to bank subsidiary

1,086,232

690,086

Investments in and advances to non-bank subsidiaries

194,308

211,635

Total Assets 

1,377,425

950,873

Liabilities 

Other liabilities

31,470

27,802

Advances from affiliates

201,058

210,540

Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts

205,156

151,031

Subordinated notes:

Short-term

9,733

11,844

Long-term

4,024

5,299

Total Liabilities 

451,441

406,516

Stockholders Equity 

925,984

544,357

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

1,377,425

950,873

102

Table of Contents 

Statements
 of
 Income 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Income 

Dividend income from subsidiaries:

Bank

123,700

65,500

63,500

Non-bank

10,075

5,500

6,901

133,775

71,000

70,401

Interest income

11,682

14,181

12,595

Other income

(1,124

551

(316

Total Income 

144,333

85,732

82,680

Expenses 

Interest expense

23,271

22,951

21,324

Other expenses

5,218

4,314

5,196

Total Expenses 

28,489

27,265

26,520

Income Before Taxes and Equity in Undistributed Income of
 Subsidiaries 

115,844

58,467

56,160

Income tax benefit

6,655

4,703

5,229

122,499

63,170

61,389

Equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiaries:

Bank

(80,889

6,654

7,463

Non-bank

(6,015

(146

(1,203

Net Income 

35,595

69,678

67,649

103

Table of Contents 

Statements
 of Cash Flows
 (in
 thousands)

Year Ended December 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Operating Activities 

Net income

35,595

69,678

67,649

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from
 operating activities:

Undistributed earnings from subsidiaries

86,904

(7,181

(6,260

Other, net

7,901

265

(1,743

Net cash flows provided by operating activities

130,400

62,762

59,646

Investing Activities 

Purchase of securities available for sale

(3,035

(161

Proceeds from sale of securities available for sale

6,045

Net decrease (increase) in advances to subsidiaries

54,035

(13,169

(710

Investment in subsidiaries

(540,454

2,093

(2,502

Net cash paid for mergers and acquisitions

(23,869

(21,150

Net cash flows used in investing activities

(507,278

(11,237

(24,362

Financing Activities 

Net (decrease) increase in advance from affiliate

(9,738

12,699

29,649

Net decrease in short-term borrowings

(2,110

(5,571

(21,089

Decrease in long-term debt

(2,746

(3,759

(9,195

Increase in long-term debt

1,471

1,888

2,950

Proceeds from the issuance of junior subordinated debt owed to
 unconsolidated subsidiary trusts

22,165

Net acquisition of common stock

513,365

(51

736

Cash dividends paid

(78,283

(57,450

(55,362

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities

421,959

(52,244

(30,146

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

45,081

(719

5,138

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

21,698

22,417

17,279

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

66,779

21,698

22,417

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest

23,281

22,931

21,262

104

Table of Contents 

27. 

Fair
 Value Measurements 

The Corporation uses fair value measurements to record fair
 value adjustments to certain financial assets and liabilities
 and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available
 for sale and derivatives are recorded at fair value on a
 recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the
 Corporation may be required to record at fair value other assets
 on a nonrecurring basis, such as mortgage loans held for sale,
 certain impaired loans, OREO and certain other assets.

Fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the price
 that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
 liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
 at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are not
 adjusted for transaction costs. Fair value is a market-based
 measure considered from the perspective of a market participant
 who holds the asset or owes the liability rather than an
 entity-specific measure.

In determining fair value, the Corporation uses various
 valuation approaches, including market, income and cost
 approaches. FAS 157 establishes a hierarchy for inputs used
 in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable
 inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring
 that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs
 are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the
 asset or liability, which are developed based on market data
 obtained from sources independent of the Corporation.
 Unobservable inputs reflect the Corporation s assumptions
 about the assumptions that market participants would use in
 pricing an asset or liability, which are developed based on the
 best information available in the circumstances.

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to
 unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical
 assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest
 priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). The
 fair value hierarchy under FAS 157 is broken down into
 three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows:

Level 1

valuation is based upon unadjusted quoted market prices for
 identical instruments traded in active markets.

Level 2

valuation is based upon quoted market prices for similar
 instruments traded in active markets, quoted market prices for
 identical or similar instruments traded in markets that are not
 active and model-based valuation techniques for which all
 significant assumptions are observable in the market or can be
 corroborated by market data.

Level 3

valuation is derived from other valuation methodologies
 including discounted cash flow models and similar techniques
 that use significant assumptions not observable in the market.
 These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions
 that market participants would use in determining fair value.

A financial instrument s level within the fair value
 hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is
 significant to the fair value measurement.

Following is a description of valuation methodologies used for
 financial instruments recorded at fair value on either a
 recurring or nonrecurring basis:

Securities
 Available For Sale 

Securities available-for-sale consists of both debt and equity
 securities. These securities are recorded at fair value on a
 recurring basis. At December 31, 2008, approximately 95.1 
 of these securities used valuation methodologies involving
 market-based or market-derived information, collectively
 Level 1 and Level 2 measurements, to measure fair
 value. The remaining 4.9 of these securities were measured
 using model-based techniques, with primarily unobservable
 (Level 3) inputs.

The Corporation closely monitors market conditions involving
 assets that have become less actively traded. If the fair value
 measurement is based upon recent observable market activity of
 such assets or comparable assets (other than forced or
 distressed transactions) that occur in sufficient volume, and do
 not require significant adjustment using unobservable inputs,
 those assets are classified as Level 1 or Level 2; if
 not, they are classified as Level 3. Making this assessment
 requires significant judgment.

105

Table of Contents 

The Corporation uses prices from independent pricing services
 and to a lesser extent, indicative (non-binding) quotes from
 independent brokers, to measure the fair value of investment
 securities. The Corporation validates prices received from
 pricing services or brokers using a variety of methods,
 including, but not limited to, comparison to secondary pricing
 services, corroboration of pricing by reference to other
 independent market data such as secondary broker quotes and
 relevant benchmark indices, and review of pricing by Corporate
 personnel familiar with market liquidity and other market
 related conditions.

Derivative
 Financial Instruments 

Fair value for derivatives is determined using widely accepted
 valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on
 the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis
 reflects contractual terms of the derivative, including the
 period to maturity and uses observable market based inputs,
 including interest rate curves and implied volatilities.

To comply with the provisions of FAS 157, the Corporation
 incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately
 reflect both its own non-performance risk and the respective
 counterparty s non-performance risk in the fair value
 measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative
 contracts for the effect of non-performance risk, the
 Corporation has considered the impact of netting and any
 applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings,
 thresholds, mutual puts and guarantees.

Although the Corporation has determined that the majority of the
 inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of
 the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments
 associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs,
 such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the
 likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However,
 as of December 31, 2008, the Corporation has assessed the
 significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments
 on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has
 determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not
 significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a
 result, the Corporation has determined that its derivative
 valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of
 the fair value hierarchy.

Loans
 Held For Sale 

These loans are carried at the lower of cost or fair value.
 Under lower-of-cost-or-fair value accounting, periodically, it
 may be necessary to record nonrecurring fair value adjustments.
 Fair value, when recorded, is generally based on independent
 quoted market prices and is classified as Level 2. When
 observable inputs are not available, fair value is estimated
 based on the present value of expected future cash flows using
 the Corporation s best estimates of key assumptions. The
 Corporation classifies loans held for sale that are valued in
 this manner as Level 3 because significant unobservable
 inputs are used.

Impaired
 Loans 

Certain commercial and commercial real estate loans considered
 impaired as defined in FAS 114 are reserved for at the time
 the loan is identified as impaired according to the fair value
 of the collateral less estimated selling costs. Collateral may
 be real estate
 and/or 
 business assets including equipment, inventory and accounts
 receivable.

The value of real estate is determined based on appraisals by
 qualified licensed appraisers. The value of business assets is
 generally based on amounts reported on the business s
 financial statements. Appraised and reported values may be
 discounted based on management s historical knowledge,
 changes in market conditions from the time of valuation
 and/or 
 management s knowledge of the client and the client s
 business. Since not all valuation inputs are observable, these
 nonrecurring fair value determinations are classified as
 Level 2 or Level 3 based on the lowest level of input
 that is significant to the fair value measurement.

Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a
 quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted
 accordingly, based on the same factors identified above.

106

Table of Contents 

Other
 Real Estate Owned 

OREO is comprised of commercial and residential real estate
 properties obtained in partial or total satisfaction of loan
 obligations. OREO acquired in settlement of indebtedness is
 recorded at the lower of carrying amount of the loan or fair
 value less costs to sell. Subsequently, these assets are carried
 at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell.
 Accordingly, it may be necessary to record nonrecurring fair
 value adjustments. Fair value, when recorded, is generally based
 upon appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers and is
 classified as Level 2.

The following table presents the balances of assets and
 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
 December 31, 2008 (in thousands):

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets measured at fair value:

Securities available for sale

1,566

457,310

23,394

482,270

Other assets (interest rate swaps)

19,394

19,394

1,566

476,704

23,394

501,664

Liabilities measured at fair value:

Other liabilities (interest rate swaps)

18,781

18,781

18,781

18,781

The following table presents additional information about assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for which the
 Corporation has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair
 value (in thousands):

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2008 

Balance at beginning of year

14,339

Total gains (losses) realized/unrealized:

Included in earnings

(11,033

Included in other comprehensive income

(9,884

Purchases, issuances and settlements

267

Transfers in and/or (out) of Level 3

29,705

Balance at end of year

23,394

The Corporation reviews fair value hierarchy classifications on
 a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of the valuation
 attributes may result in reclassification of certain financial
 assets or liabilities. Such reclassifications are reported as
 transfers in/out of Level 3 at fair value at the beginning
 of the period in which the changes occur.

The amount of total losses for 2008 included in earnings
 attributable to the change in unrealized losses relating to
 assets still held at December 31, 2008 was
 11.0 million. This loss is included in the
 17.2 million impairment loss on securities reported as a
 component of non-interest income.

Trust preferred securities with a fair value totaling
 29.7 million were transferred from Level 2 to
 Level 3 during 2008. These securities were classified as
 Level 3 primarily due to the absence of market activity
 resulting in a lack of observable inputs or comparable trades
 that could be used to establish a benchmark for valuation. Fair
 values for these securities were determined using discounted
 cash flow models, which incorporate certain assumptions and
 projections in determining fair values assigned.

107

Table of Contents 

In accordance with GAAP, from time to time, the Corporation
 measures certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
 These adjustments to fair value usually result from the
 application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or
 write-downs of individual assets. Valuation methodologies used
 to measure these fair value adjustments were previously
 described. For assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
 basis during 2008 that were still held in the balance sheet at
 December 31, 2008, the following table provides the
 hierarchy level and the fair value of the related assets or
 portfolios (in thousands):

Total Losses For 

Fair Value at December 31, 2008 

The Year Ended 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

December 31,
 2008 

Impaired loans

31,553

27,621

59,174

19,370

Other real estate owned

4,578

4,578

1,961

21,331

Impaired loans with a carrying amount of 70.5 million had
 an allocated allowance for loan losses of 19.4 million at
 December 31, 2008. The allocated allowance is based on the
 fair value of collateral of 51.1 million (collateral value
 of 59.2 million less estimated costs to sell of
 8.1 million). The 19.4 million charge was included
 in the provision for loan losses for the year ended
 December 31, 2008.

OREO with a carrying amount of 6.0 million were written
 down to 4.0 million (fair value of 4.6 million less
 estimated costs to sell of 0.6 million), resulting in a
 loss of 2.0 million, which was included in earnings for
 the year ended December 31, 2008.

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

The estimated fair values of the Corporation s financial
 instruments are as follows (in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Carrying 

Carrying 

December 31 

Amount 

Fair Value 

Amount 

Fair Value 

Financial Assets 

Cash and short-term investments

172,203

172,203

130,717

130,717

Securities available for sale

482,270

482,270

358,421

358,421

Securities held to maturity

843,863

851,251

667,553

665,914

Net loans, including loans held for sale

5,726,358

5,733,157

4,297,066

4,325,859

Bank owned life insurance

217,737

214,227

133,885

133,599

Accrued interest receivable

29,838

29,838

26,397

26,397

Financial Liabilities 

Deposits

6,054,623

6,089,424

4,397,684

4,410,588

Short-term borrowings

596,263

596,263

449,823

449,823

Long-term debt

490,250

502,713

481,366

484,873

Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts

205,386

107,062

151,031

142,010

Accrued interest payable

12,732

12,732

7,868

7,868

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
 fair value of each financial instrument:

Cash and Due from Banks. For these short-term
 instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of
 fair value.

Securities. For both securities available for
 sale and securities held to maturity, fair value equals the
 quoted market price from an active market, if available, and is
 classified within Level 1. If a quoted market price is not
 available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices
 for similar securities or pricing models, and is classified as
 Level 2. Where there is limited market activity or
 significant valuation inputs are unobservable,

108

Table of Contents 

securities are classified within Level 3. Under current
 market conditions, assumptions used to determine fair value of
 Level 3 securities have greater subjectivity due to the
 lack of observable market transactions.

Loans. The fair value of fixed rate loans is
 estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current
 rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with
 similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities.
 The fair value of variable and adjustable rate loans
 approximates the carrying amount.

Bank Owned Life Insurance. The Corporation
 owns both general account and separate account bank owned life
 insurance (BOLI). The fair value of general account BOLI is
 based on the insurance contract cash surrender value. The fair
 value of separate account BOLI equals the quoted market price of
 the underlying securities, if available. If a quoted market
 price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted
 market prices for similar securities.

Deposits. The fair value of demand deposits,
 savings accounts and certain money market deposits is the amount
 payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of
 fixed-maturity deposits is estimated by discounting future cash
 flows using rates currently offered for deposits of similar
 remaining maturities.

Short-Term Borrowings. The carrying amounts
 for short-term borrowings approximate fair value for amounts
 that mature in 90 days or less. The fair value of
 subordinated notes is estimated by discounting future cash flows
 using rates currently offered.

Long-Term and Junior Subordinated Debt. The
 fair value of long-term and junior subordinated debt is
 estimated by discounting future cash flows based on the market
 prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates
 offered to the Corporation for debt of the same remaining
 maturities.

Loan Commitments and Standby Letters of
 Credit. Estimates of the fair value of these
 off-balance sheet items were not made because of the short-term
 nature of these arrangements and the credit standing of the
 counterparties. Also, unfunded loan commitments relate
 principally to variable rate commercial loans, typically
 non-binding, and fees are not normally assessed on these
 balances.

109

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

NONE.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. The
 Corporation s management, with the participation of the
 Corporation s principal executive and financial officers,
 evaluated the Corporation s disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the
 period covered by this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 Based on this evaluation, the Corporation s management,
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by
 this Report, the Corporation s disclosure controls and
 procedures were effective as of such date at the reasonable
 assurance level as discussed below to ensure that information
 required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports it
 files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is
 recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
 periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and
 communicated to the Corporation s management, including its
 principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as
 appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
 disclosure.

LIMITATIONS ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS. The
 Corporation s management, including the CEO and CFO, does
 not expect that the Corporation s disclosure controls and
 internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A
 control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
 provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
 objectives of the control system are met. Because of the
 inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
 controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
 and instances of fraud, if any, within the Corporation have been
 detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
 judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns
 can occur because of simple error or mistake. In addition,
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some
 persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management
 override of the controls.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS. The CEO and CFO have evaluated the
 changes to the Corporation s internal controls over
 financial reporting that occurred during the Corporation s
 fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2008, as required by
 paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and have concluded
 that none of such changes materially affected, or are reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal
 controls over financial reporting.

Refer to page 57 under Item 8, Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data, for Management s Report on Internal
 Control Over Financial Reporting.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER
 INFORMATION 

NONE.

110

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information relating to this item is provided in the
 Corporation s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC
 in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held
 May 20, 2009. Such information is incorporated herein by
 reference. Certain information regarding executive officers is
 included under the caption Executive Officers of the
 Registrant after Part I, Item 4, of this Report.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Information relating to this item is provided in the
 Corporation s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC
 in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held
 May 20, 2009. Such information is incorporated herein by
 reference. The Report of the Compensation Committee and the
 Report of the Audit Committee, however, shall not be deemed
 filed with the Commission, but shall be deemed furnished to the
 Commission in this
 Form 10-K 
 report, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
 into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange
 Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Corporation
 specifically incorporates it by reference.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

With the exception of the equity compensation plan information
 provided below, the information relating to this item is
 provided in the Corporation s definitive proxy statement
 filed with the SEC in connection with its annual meeting of
 stockholders to be held May 20, 2009. Such information is
 incorporated herein by reference.

The following table provides information related to equity
 compensation plans as of December 31, 2008:

Number of 

Weighted 

Number of 

Securities to be 

Average 

Securities 

Issued Upon 

Exercise 

Remaining for 

Exercise of 

Price of 

Future Issuance 

Outstanding 

Outstanding 

Under Equity 

Plan Category 

Stock Options 

Stock Options 

Compensation Plans 

Equity compensation plans approved 
 by security holders

1,299,317

(1)

14.00

2,998,062

(2)

Equity compensation plans not 
 approved by security holders

N/A

N/A

N/A

(1) 

Excludes 527,101 shares of restricted common stock awards
 subject to forfeiture. The shares of restricted stock vest over
 periods ranging from three to five years from the award date. 

(2) 

Represents shares of common stock registered with the SEC which
 are eligible for issuance pursuant to stock option or restricted
 stock awards granted under various plans. 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
 INDEPENDENCE 

Information relating to this item is provided in the
 Corporation s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC
 in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held
 May 20, 2009. Such information is incorporated herein by
 reference.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information relating to this item is provided in the
 Corporation s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC
 in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held
 May 20, 2009. Such information is incorporated herein by
 reference.

111

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

The consolidated financial statements of F.N.B. Corporation and
 subsidiaries required in response to this item are incorporated
 by reference to Item 8 of this Report.

(b) 

EXHIBITS 

The exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as a part of
 this report are listed in the Index to Exhibits which appears at
 page 115 and is incorporated by reference.

(c) 

SCHEDULES 

No financial statement schedules are being filed because of the
 absence of conditions under which they are required or because
 the required information is included in the Consolidated
 Financial Statements and related notes thereto.

112

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

F.N.B. CORPORATION

By 

/s/ Stephen
 J. Gurgovits

Stephen J. Gurgovits

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated.

/s/ Stephen
 J. Gurgovits

Stephen
 J. Gurgovits

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer)

February 18, 2009

/s/ Brian
 F. Lilly

Brian
 F. Lilly

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

February 18, 2009

/s/ Vincent
 J. Calabrese

Vincent
 J. Calabrese

Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)

February 18, 2009

/s/ William
 B. Campbell

William
 B. Campbell

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Henry
 M. Ekker

Henry
 M. Ekker

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Philip
 E. Gingerich

Philip
 E. Gingerich

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Robert
 B. Goldstein

Robert
 B. Goldstein

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Dawne
 S. Hickton

Dawne
 S. Hickton

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ David
 J. Malone

David
 J. Malone

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ D.
 Stephen Martz

D.
 Stephen Martz

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Peter
 Mortensen

Peter
 Mortensen

Director

February 18, 2009

113

Table of Contents 

/s/ Harry
 F. Radcliffe

Harry
 F. Radcliffe

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Arthur
 J. Rooney II

Arthur
 J. Rooney II

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ John
 W. Rose

John
 W. Rose

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Stanton
 R. Sheetz

Stanton
 R. Sheetz

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ William
 J. Strimbu

William
 J. Strimbu

Director

February 18, 2009

/s/ Earl
 K. Wahl, Jr.

Earl
 K. Wahl, Jr.

Director

February 18, 2009

114

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO
 EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as
 part of this report:

3

.1.

Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation as currently in
 effect. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1. of the
 Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2006).

3

.2.

Amended by-laws of the Corporation as currently in effect.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1. of the
 Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on December 22, 2008).

4

.1.

The rights of holders of equity securities are defined in
 portions of the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws. The
 Corporation agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request
 copies of all instruments not filed herewith defining the rights
 of holders of long-term debt of the Corporation and its
 subsidiaries.

4

.2.

Form of Certificate for the Series C Preferred Stock.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1. of the
 Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 14, 2009).

4

.3.

Warrant to purchase up to 1,302,083 shares of Common Stock,
 issued to the United States Department of the Treasury.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2. of the
 Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 14, 2009).

10

.1.

Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement by and between First
 National Bank of Pennsylvania and four of its executive
 officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3. of
 the Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993). 

10

.2.

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between F.N.B.
 Corporation, First National Bank of Pennsylvania and Stephen J.
 Gurgovits. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1. of
 the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on June 24, 2008). 

10

.3.

Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement between F.N.B.
 Corporation, First National Bank of Pennsylvania and Stephen J.
 Gurgovits. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2. of
 the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on June 24, 2008). 

10

.4.

Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Stephen J.
 Gurgovits pursuant to the F.N.B. Corporation 2007 Incentive
 Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2. of the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 23, 2008). 

10

.5.

Amended 2007 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award for
 Stephen J. Gurgovits pursuant to the F.N.B. Corporation 2007
 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3. of the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 23, 2008). 

10

.6.

Amended 2007 Service-Based Restricted Stock Award for Stephen J.
 Gurgovits pursuant to the F.N.B. Corporation 2007 Incentive
 Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3. of the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 23, 2008). 

10

.7.

Amendment to Deferred Compensation Agreement of Stephen J.
 Gurgovits. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2. of
 the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on December 22, 2008). 

10

.8.

Basic Retirement Plan (formerly the Supplemental Executive
 Retirement Plan) of F.N.B. Corporation effective January 1,
 1992. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9. of the
 Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993). 

10

.9.

F.N.B. Corporation 1990 Stock Option Plan as amended effective
 February 2, 1996. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.10. of the Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995). 

10

.10.

F.N.B. Corporation Restricted Stock Bonus Plan dated
 January 1, 1994. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.11. of the Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993). 

10

.11.

F.N.B. Corporation Restricted Stock and Incentive Bonus Plan.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14. of the
 Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995). 

10

.12.

F.N.B. Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.15. of the Corporation s
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995). 

10

.13.

F.N.B. Corporation Director s Compensation Plan.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16. of the
 Corporation s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarter ended March 31, 1996). 

115

Table of Contents 

10

.14.

F.N.B. Corporation 1998 Director s Stock Option Plan.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14. of the
 Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998). 

10

.15.

F.N.B. Corporation 2001 Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s
 Form S-8 
 filed on June 14, 2001). 

10

.16.

Termination of Continuation of Employment Agreement between
 F.N.B. Corporation and Peter Mortensen. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.17. of the Corporation s
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001). 

10

.17.

Employment Agreement between First National Bank of Pennsylvania
 and David B. Mogle. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarter ended September 30, 2005). 

10

.18.

Employment Agreement between First National Bank of Pennsylvania
 and James G. Orie. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2. of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarter ended September 30, 2005). 

10

.19.

Employment Agreement between F.N.B. Corporation and Brian F.
 Lilly. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1. of the
 Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on October 23, 2007). 

10

.20.

Form of Amendment to Employment Agreements of Vincent Calabrese,
 Vincent Delie, Scott Free, David Mogle, James Orie, Gary
 Guerrieri and Louise Lowrey. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on December 22, 2008). 

10

.21.

F.N.B. Corporation 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the
 Corporation s 2007 Proxy Statement filed on March 22,
 2007). 

10

.22.

Employment Agreement between First National Bank of Pennsylvania
 and Vincent J. Calabrese. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on March 23, 2007). 

10

.23.

Severance Agreement between F.N.B. Corporation and Robert V.
 New, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1. of the
 Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on February 11, 2009). 

10

.24.

Restricted Stock Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on July 19, 2007). 

10

.25.

Performance Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2. of the Corporation s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on July 19, 2007). 

10

.26.

Retirement Agreement between F.N.B. Corporation, First National
 Bank of Pennsylvania and Gary J. Roberts. (Incorporated by
 reference to the Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on July 3, 2008). 

10

.27.

Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors. (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on September 23, 2008). 

10

.28.

Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on September 23, 2008). 

10

.29.

Letter Agreement between the Corporation and the United States
 Department of Treasury relating to the TARP Capital Purchase
 Program, including Securities Purchase Agreement 
 Standard Terms, incorporated by reference therein. (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1. of the Corporation s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 14, 2009). 

10

.30.

Form of Waiver executed by Robert V. New, Brian F. Lilly,
 Stephen J. Gurgovits, Vincent J. Delie and Gary J. Guerrieri in
 connection with TARP Capital Purchase Program. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2. of the Corporation s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 14, 2009). 

10

.31.

Form of Executive Compensation Agreement by and between F.N.B.
 Corporation and each of Robert V. New, Brian F. Lilly, Stephen
 J. Gurgovits, Vincent J. Delie and Gary J. Guerrieri in
 connection with TARP Capital Purchase Program. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.3. of the Corporation s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on January 14, 2009). 

11

Computation of Per Share Earnings 

12

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. (filed herewith).

14

Code of Ethics. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3.
 of the Corporation s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2002). 

21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (filed herewith).

23

.1.

Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm. (filed herewith).

116

Table of Contents 

31

.1.

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 Section 302. (filed herewith).

31

.2.

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 Section 302. (filed herewith).

32

.1.

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 Section 906. (filed herewith).

32

.2.

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 Section 906. (filed herewith).

Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements
 required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(a)(3)
 of this Report. 

This information is provided in the Earnings Per Share footnote
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is
 included in Item 8 in this Report. 

117

<EX-12>
 2
 l35059aexv12.htm
 EX-12

EX-12 

EXHIBIT 12 

F.N.B. Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

Dollars in thousands

Year Ended December
 31 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Earnings:

Income before income taxes

42,832

98,139

97,186

77,105

89,332

Fixed charges, excluding interest on deposits

48,321

51,510

48,839

44,468

33,523

Subtotal

91,153

149,649

146,025

121,573

122,855

Interest on deposits

111,568

124,276

106,679

66,112

52,400

Total

202,721

273,925

252,704

187,685

175,255

Fixed charges:

Interest on borrowed funds

46,421

49,777

46,906

42,668

31,990

Interest component of rental expense

1,900

1,733

1,933

1,800

1,533

Subtotal

48,321

51,510

48,839

44,468

33,523

Interest on deposits

111,568

124,276

106,679

66,112

52,400

Total

159,889

175,786

155,518

110,580

85,923

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges:

Excluding interest on deposits

1.89x

2.91x

2.99x

2.73x

3.66x

Including interest on deposits

1.27x

1.56x

1.62x

1.70x

2.04x

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 3
 l35059aexv21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 

LIST OF
 SUBSIDIARIES

Following lists the significant subsidiaries of the registrant
 and the state or jurisdiction of incorporation of each:

NAME 

INCORPORATED 

1)

First National Bank of Pennsylvania

United States

2)

Regency Finance Company

Pennsylvania

3)

First National Insurance Agency,
 LLC

Pennsylvania

First National Trust Company (which includes First National
 Investment Services Company, LLC and F.N.B. Investment Advisors,
 Inc.) is a subsidiary of First National Bank of Pennsylvania.

Regency Finance Company also conducts business under the names
 F.N.B. Consumer Discount Company, Citizens Financial Services,
 Inc. and Finance and Mortgage Acceptance Corporation.

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 l35059aexv23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23 

CONSENT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following
 Registration Statements:

1. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to F.N.B. Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan
 (File #333-03489). 

2. 
 
 Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on
 Form S-8 
 to Registration Statement on
 Form S-4 
 relating to stock options granted under the Citizens Holding
 Corporation Stock Option Plan and assumed by F.N.B. Corporation
 (File #333-58727).

3. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to the F.N.B. Corporation 1998 Directors Stock
 Option Plan (File #333-38376).

4. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to the F.N.B. Corporation 2001 Incentive Plan
 (File #333-63042).

5. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-3 
 relating to the registration of F.N.B. Corporation and F.N.B.
 Capital Trust I common stock, preferred stock, debt
 securities, warrants, and trust preferred securities
 (File #333-74866).

6. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to the F.N.B. Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan
 (File #333-83760).

7. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to stock option agreements granted under the Promistar
 Financial Corporation 1998 Equity Incentive Plan and assumed by
 F.N.B. Corporation (File #333-83756).

8. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to the F.N.B. Corporation 401(k) Plan
 (File #333-97113).

9. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to stock option agreements granted under the Slippery
 Rock Financial Corporation 1997 Directors Stock Option Plan
 and the Slippery Rock Financial Corporation 1997 Incentive Stock
 Option Plan, both assumed by F.N.B. Corporation
 (File #333-119649).

10. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to stock option agreements granted under the NSD
 Bancorp, Inc. 1994 Stock Option Plan, the NSD Bancorp, Inc.,
 1994 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan and the NSD
 Bancorp, Inc. 2004 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, all assumed by
 F.N.B. Corporation (File #333-123068).

11. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-3 
 relating to the registration of FNB Financial Services, LP
 Subordinated Term Notes and Daily Notes
 (File #333-135339-01).

12. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to stock option agreements granted under the Northern
 State Bank 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, The Legacy Bank of
 Harrisburg 1999 Directors Compensation Plan and The
 Legacy Bank of Harrisburg 1999 Incentive Stock Option Plan, all
 assumed by F.N.B. Corporation (File #333-135332).

13. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-3 
 relating to warrants and convertible debentures originally
 issued by The Legacy Bank and assumed by F.N.B. Corporation
 (File #333-135333).

14. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to the 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan
 (File #333-144088).

15. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-3 
 relating to the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan
 (File #333-149469).

16. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to the following F.N.B. Corporation/Omega Financial
 Corporation Plans: 2004 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee
 Directors; 1994 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors;
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan;
 Sun Bancorp 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; and Sun Bancorp
 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, all assumed by F.N.B. Corporation
 (File #333-150321).

17. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 relating to stock option agreements granted under the Iron and
 Glass Bancorp, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan and assumed by F.N.B.
 Corporation (File #333-153190).

18. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-3 
 relating to the registration of FNB Financial Services, LP
 Subordinated Term Notes and Daily Term Notes
 (File #333-154802-01).

19. 
 
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-3ASR 
 relating to the registration of F.N.B. Corporation Fixed Rate
 Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, and warrant
 to purchase F.N.B. Corporation common stock
 (File #333-157104).

of our reports dated February 25, 2009, with respect to the
 consolidated financial statements of F.N.B. Corporation and the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of
 F.N.B. Corporation included in this Annual Report
 (Form 10-K) of F.N.B. Corporation for the year ended
 December 31, 2008.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

February 25, 2009

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 l35059aexv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302 

I, Stephen J. Gurgovits, President and Chief Executive Officer
 of F.N.B. Corporation, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2008 of F.N.B. Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
 financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report.

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13(a)-15(e) 
 and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13(a)-15(f) 
 and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
 known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
 caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
 report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 18,
 2009 

/s/ Stephen J. Gurgovits

Stephen J. Gurgovits 
 President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 l35059aexv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302 

I, Brian F. Lilly, Chief Financial Officer of F.N.B.
 Corporation, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2008 of F.N.B. Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
 financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report.

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13(a)-15(e) 
 and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13(a)-15(f) 
 and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
 known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
 caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
 report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 18, 2009 

/s/ Brian F. Lilly

Brian F. Lilly 
 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 l35059aexv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United
 States Code, I, Stephen J. Gurgovits, President and Chief
 Executive Officer of F.N.B. Corporation (the
 Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my
 knowledge:

1. 

The Company s
 Form 10-K 
 Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2008 (the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

Date: February 18, 2009 

/s/ Stephen J. Gurgovits

Stephen J. Gurgovits 
 President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 l35059aexv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United
 States Code, I, Brian F. Lilly, Chief Financial Officer of
 F.N.B. Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify
 that, to the best of my knowledge:

1. 

The Company s
 Form 10-K 
 Annual Report for the period ended December 31, 2008 (the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

Date: February 18, 2009 

/s/ Brian F. Lilly

Brian F. Lilly 
 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

