<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090226_10-K_edgar_data_215419_0000893220-09-000406.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1021271</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>370434</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>33508</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>420924</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000893220-09-000406.hdr.sgml : 20090226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090226172530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000893220-09-000406
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000215419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				221895850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1207

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11257
		FILM NUMBER:		09638796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 WOLF DR
		STREET 2:		P O 188
		CITY:			THOROFARE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		856-384-2460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 WOLF DRIVE
		CITY:			THOROFARE,
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08086

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Ff7cuqK7ZHMqKsN0aNUt1JyM1WjdjcSyrtySl7y/ze90dYAMMY6frt9I0HvU6wp3
 xxp1M416R5B35SooyQiDXw==

 0000893220-09-000406.txt : 20090226

10-K
 1
 w72903e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 28, 2008 
Commission File No. 1-11257 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Articles of Incorporation)

Pennsylvania

22-1895850 

(State of Incorporation)

(IRS Employer Identification No.) 

101 Wolf Drive, PO Box 188, 
Thorofare, New Jersey

08086 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code) 

856-848-1800 

(Registrant s telephone number, 
including area code)

Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which 

to be so registered 
 
 each class is to be registered 

Common Stock Purchase Rights

New York Stock Exchange 

Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
Common Stock, Par Value .10 Per Share 

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act.

Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).

Yes No 

As of June 29, 2008, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant was approximately 102,604,894.

As of February 19, 2009, there were 38,811,078 shares of the Common Stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 

FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3-13 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Business 

13-18 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

18 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

18 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

18 

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to Vote of Stockholders 

19 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

19-21 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

22-23 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

24-44 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

44 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

45-83 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

84 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

84 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

84 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

85 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

85 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 

85 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

85 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

85 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

86 

SIGNATURES 

87 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

88 

SCHEDULE II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

89 

EX-12 
 EX-21 
 EX-23 
 EX-31.1 
 EX-31.2 
 EX-32 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect the
Company s judgment as of the date of this report. Forward-looking statements often address our
expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as expect, 
 forecast, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, or will. By their nature,
forward-looking statements address matters that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Any such
forward-looking statements may involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from any future results encompassed within the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include: changes in our senior
management and other matters relating to implementation of our succession plan; our ability to
integrate recent acquisitions and to achieve related financial and operational goals; changes in
international business and economic conditions; foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate
fluctuations; lower than anticipated demand by retailers and other customers for our products;
slower commitments of retail customers to chain-wide installations and/or source tagging adoption
or expansion; possible increases in per unit product manufacturing costs due to less than full
utilization of manufacturing capacity as a result of slowing economic conditions or other factors;
our ability to provide and market innovative and cost-effective products; the development of new
competitive technologies; our ability to maintain our intellectual property; competitive pricing
pressures causing profit erosion; the availability and pricing of component parts and raw
materials; possible increases in the payment time for receivables as a result of economic
conditions or other market factors; changes in regulations or standards applicable to our products;
the ability to implement cost reduction in field service, sales, and general and administrative
expense, and our manufacturing and supply chain operations without significantly impacting revenue
and profits; our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; a failure
to manage our growth effectively; and additional matters discussed more fully in this report under
Item 1A. Risk Factors Related to Our Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable
securities laws.

Item 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

Checkpoint Systems, Inc. is a leading global manufacturer and provider of technology-driven
end-to-end loss prevention, merchandising and labeling solutions to the retail and apparel
industry. We provide solutions to brand, track, and secure goods for retailers, apparel
manufacturers and consumer product manufacturers worldwide.

Retailers and manufacturers are increasingly focused on identifying and protecting assets that are
moving through the supply chain. On the sales floor, retailers need to make sure that the right
merchandise is in stock to satisfy customers and boost sales. To address this market opportunity,
we have built the necessary infrastructure to be a single global source for shrink management, and
merchandise tracking and visibility and apparel labeling solutions.

We are a leading provider of electronic article surveillance (EAS) systems and tags using radio
frequency (RF) and electromagnetic (EM) technology, source tagging security solutions, secure
merchandising solutions using RF and acoustic-magnetic (AM) technology, branding tags and labels
for apparel. In Europe, we are a leading provider of retail display systems (RDS) and hand-held
labeling systems (HLS). We are also a leading provider and installer of store monitoring solutions,
including fire alarms, intrusion alarms and digital video recorders for the retail environment in
the U.S. Our labeling systems and services are designed to consolidate tag and label requirements
to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and furnish value-added solutions for customers across many
markets and industries. Applications for printed tags and labels include brand identification,
automatic identification (auto-ID), retail shrink management, and pricing and promotional labels.
We have achieved substantial international growth, primarily through acquisitions, and now operate
directly in 30 countries. Products are principally developed and manufactured in-house and sold
through direct distribution and reseller channels.

COMPANY HISTORY 

Founded in 1969, we were incorporated in Pennsylvania as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Logistics
Industries Corporation (Logistics). In 1977, Logistics, pursuant to the terms of its merger into
Lydall, Inc., distributed our common stock to Logistics shareholders as a dividend.

Historically, we expanded our business both domestically and internationally through acquisitions,
internal growth using wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the utilization of independent distributors.
In 1993 and 1995, we completed two key acquisitions which gave us direct access into Western
Europe. We acquired ID Systems International BV and ID Systems Europe BV in 1993 and Actron Group
Limited in 1995. These companies engaged in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of EAS systems
throughout Europe.

3 

Table of Contents 

In December 1999, we acquired Meto AG, a German multinational corporation and a leading provider of
value-added labeling solutions for article identification and security. The acquisition doubled our
revenues and provided us with an increased breadth of product offerings and global reach.

In January 2001, we acquired A.W. Printing Inc., a Houston, Texas-based printer of tags, labels,
and packaging material for the apparel industry.

In January 2006, we completed the sale of our barcode systems business to SATO, a global leader in
barcode printing, labeling, and Electronic Product Code (EPC)/Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)
solutions.

In November 2006, we acquired ADS Worldwide (ADS). Based in Hull, England, ADS is an established
supplier of tags, labels and trim to apparel manufacturers, retailers and brands around the world.
ADS provides us with new technological and production capabilities and is in line with our strategy
to grow our Check-Net apparel labeling business to create increased value for our
customers and stockholders.

In November 2007, we acquired the Alpha S3 business from Alpha Security Products, Inc. Based in
Charlotte, North Carolina, the Alpha S3 business offers a comprehensive line of security solutions
designed to protect high-theft merchandise in an open-display retail environment. The Alpha S3
product portfolio combines well with our source tagging program, and is in line with our strategy
to provide retailers a comprehensive line of shrink management solutions.

In November 2007, we also acquired SIDEP, an established supplier of EAS systems operating in
France and China, and Shanghai Asialco Electronics Co. Ltd. (Asialco), a China-based manufacturer
of RF-EAS labels. With facilities in Shanghai, China, Asialco significantly increases our label
manufacturing capacity in Asia. SIDEP and Asialco will help us meet the growing demand in Asian
markets.

In January 2008, the Company purchased the business of Security Corporation, Inc., a privately held
company that provides technology and physical security solutions to the financial services sector.

During June 2008, we acquired OATSystems, Inc., a recognized leader in RFID-based application
software. The addition of OATSystems, Inc. will build on our strategy to help retailers and
suppliers with our Evolve TM EAS platform to more easily migrate to EPC RFID.
As our industry moves to a common EPC standard, we will be able to offer solutions that enable
retailers and their suppliers to gain deeper visibility of assets and merchandise further
reducing shrink and increasing bottom-line profits while enhancing the on-shelf availability of
merchandise for consumers.

Products and Offerings 

We report results of operations in three segments: Shrink Management Solutions, Intelligent Labels,
and Retail Merchandising. The margins for each of the segments and the identifiable assets
attributable to each reporting segment are set forth in Note 19 Business Segments and Geographic
Information to the consolidated financial statements.

Each of these segments offer an assortment of products and services that in combination are
designed to provide a comprehensive, single source solution to help retailers, manufacturers, and
distributors identify, track, and protect their assets throughout the entire supply chain. Each
segment and their respective products and services are described below.

SHRINK MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS 

Our largest business is providing shrink management and merchandise visibility solutions to
retailers. Our diversified line of security products is designed to help retailers prevent
inventory losses caused by theft (both by customers and employees), reduce selling costs through
lower staff requirements and boost sales by having the right goods available when customers are
ready to buy. Our products facilitate the open display of consumer goods, which allows retailers to
maximize sales opportunities through impulse buying. Offering our own proprietary RF-EAS and EM-EAS
technologies, we believe that we hold a significant share of worldwide EAS systems installations.
EAS systems revenues accounted for 35 , 38 , and 39 of our 2008, 2007, and 2006 total revenues,
respectively. The installation of store monitoring solutions including fire, intrusion and
CCTV/digital recording systems (CheckView also fall within the shrink management solutions
segment. For 2008, 2007, and 2006, the CheckView business represented 17 , 18 , and 17 of our
revenues, respectively. No other product group in this segment accounted for as much as 10 of our
revenues.

These broad and flexible product lines, marketed and serviced by our extensive sales and service
organizations, have helped us emerge as a preferred supplier to premier retailers around the world.
Shrink Management Solutions represented approximately 62 of total revenues in 2008.

4 

Table of Contents 

Electronic Article Surveillance 

We have designed EAS systems to act as a deterrent to control the problem of merchandise theft in
retail stores. Our diversified product lines are designed to help reduce both customer and employee
theft, reduce inventory shrinkage, and enable retailers to capitalize on consumer impulse buying by
openly displaying high-margin and high-cost items.

During early 2008, we introduced Evolve TM , our new state-of-the-art shrink
management platform. Evolve is our next-generation suite of RF and RFID enabled products that
provide enhanced system performance and networking capability information in a more aesthetically
pleasing format. Our business model relies upon customer commitments for our security product
installations to a large number of their stores over a period of several months (large chain-wide
installations). This new product will allow our existing customers to upgrade their security
offerings and should result in increased installations for the future. The enhanced capabilities of
the Evolve platform should also attract interest from new retail customers. As is typical with
market introductions of new products in this industry, we expect the Evolve TM 
roll-out to positively impact our revenues over an 18-month period starting with existing
customers.

We offer a wide variety of RF-EAS and EM-EAS solutions to meet the varied requirements of retail
store configurations for multiple market segments worldwide. Our EAS systems are primarily
comprised of sensors and deactivation units, which respond to or act upon our tags and labels. We
also market an extensive line of reusable security tags that protect apparel items as well as
entertainment products. The November 2007 acquisition of the Alpha S3 business expanded our product
offering of shrink management solutions to retailers by providing a line of products specifically
designed to protect high-theft merchandise in an open-display retail environment. Our EAS products
are designed and built to comply with applicable Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and
European Community (EC) regulations governing RF, signal strengths, and other factors.

CheckView CCTV, Fire and Intrusion Systems 

We provide complete store monitoring solutions, including fire alarms, intrusion alarms and digital
video recording systems for retail environments. Our video surveillance solutions address
shoplifting and internal theft as well as customer and employee safety and security needs. The
product line consists of closed circuit television products and services including fixed and
high-speed pan/tilt/zoom camera systems, programmable switcher controls, time-lapse recording, and
remote video surveillance.

Our fire and intrusion systems provide life safety and property protection, completing the line of
loss prevention solutions. In addition to the system installations, we offer a U.S.-based 24-hour
Central Station Monitoring Service.

In 2008, we expanded our systems solution offering in the U.S. by entering the financial services
sector, providing branch banks with physical and electronic security solutions.

INTELLIGENT LABELS 

Intelligent labels is our second largest business, generating approximately 28 of our revenues in
2008. We offer a wide variety of EAS-RF and EAS-EM labels that provide security solutions that can
be matched to specific retail requirements. Under our source tagging program, tags can be embedded
in products or packaging at the point-of-manufacture. All participants in the retail supply chain
are concerned with maximizing efficiency. Reducing time-to-market requires refined production and
logistics systems to ensure just-in-time delivery, as well as shorter development, design, and
production cycles. Services range from full-color branding labels to tracking labels and,
ultimately, fully-integrated labels that include an EAS or a RFID circuit. This integration is
based on the critical objective of supporting the rapid delivery of goods to market while reducing
losses, whether through misdirection, tracking failure, theft or counterfeiting, and to reduce
labor costs by tagging and labeling products at the source. We support these objectives with our
high-quality tag and label production, a global service bureau network of e-commerce-enabled print
capabilities (Check-Net ), and EAS and RFID technologies. The market is beginning to
move toward more sophisticated tag solutions that incorporate RFID components and that will
automate many aspects of supply chain tracking and facilitate many new merchandising enhancements
for suppliers and consumers. EAS-RF and EAS-EM label revenues represented 12 , 14 and 16 of our
total revenues for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Check-Net revenues represented
15 , 15 , and 13 of our total revenues for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. No other product in
this segment represented more than 10 of revenues.

5 

Table of Contents 

Electronic Article Surveillance Labels 

We produce EAS-RF and EAS-EM labels that work in combination with our EAS systems to control the
problem of merchandise theft in retail stores. Our diversified product line of discrete, disposable
labels and one-time-use hard tags are designed to enable retailers to protect a diverse array of
easily-pocketed, high shrink merchandise. While EAS labels can be applied in retail stores and
distribution centers, an increasing percentage of our customers are taking advantage of our source
tagging program. With source tagging, EAS labels and one-time-use hard tags are configured to the
merchandise and specific security requirements of the customer and applied at the point of
manufacture. Our paper thin EAS labels have characteristics that are easily integrated with
high-speed automated application systems. In November, 2007 we expanded our EAS-RF label
manufacturing capacity with the acquisition of Asialco. Asialco, which is based in Shanghai, China,
provides additional capacity to support the growing Asia market.

Check-Net 

Check-Net is Checkpoint s web-enabled apparel labeling solutions platform and network of 25
service bureaus located in 23 countries that supplies customers with customized retail apparel tags
and labels, typically to the location where the retail goods are manufactured. Checkpoint s order
entry and data management capabilities provide for on-demand printing of variable pricing and
article identification data and barcode information onto price and apparel branding tags. We also
offer a product line that integrates our EAS-RF security labels into customized retail apparel
tags.

Checkpoint s web-enabled capabilities provide on-time, on-demand printing of custom labels with
variable data. Our Check-Net service bureau network is one of the most extensive in the
industry, and its ability to offer integrated branding, barcode, and EAS security tags places it
among just a handful of suppliers of this caliber in the world. Our printing capacity and service
bureau network expanded in November 2006 with the acquisition of ADS.

In addition to our own label integration and service bureau capabilities, we have strategic working
relationships with other label integrators.

Intelligent Library Systems 

We have established a product line of sophisticated RFID-based intelligent library solutions that
offer strong features and benefits compared to competitive offerings. In October 2007, we announced
a global strategic sales and marketing alliance with 3M Library Systems, who will become the
exclusive worldwide reseller and service provider for our line of library security and productivity
products.

RFID Tags and Labels 

The company produces RFID tags and labels, leveraging its high volume, low cost RF circuit
production and manufacturing knowledge. In October 2006, we announced our intention to focus our
RFID initiative on our core retail customers and our library business.

RETAIL MERCHANDISING 

Our retail merchandising business includes hand-held label applicators and tags, promotional
displays, and queuing systems. These traditional products broaden our reach among retailers. Many
of the products in this business segment represent high-margin items with a high level of recurring
sales of associated consumables such as labels. As a result of the increasing use of scanning
technology in retail, our HLS products are serving a declining market. Retail merchandising, which
is focused on European and Asian markets, represents approximately 10 of our business, with no
product group in this segment accounting for as much as 10 of our revenues.

Hand-held Labeling Systems 

Hand-held labeling systems include a complete line of hand-held price marking and label application
solutions, primarily sold to retailers. Sales of labels, consumables, and service generate a
significant source of recurring revenues. As retail scanning becomes widespread, in-store retail
price marking applications have continued to decline. Our HLS products possess a market leading
position in several European countries. These systems are no longer sold in the U.S. as a result of
the divesture to SATO in January 2006.

Retail Display Systems 

Retail display systems include a wide range of products for customers in certain retail sectors,
such as supermarkets and do-it-yourself (DIY), where high-quality signage and in-store price
promotion are important. Product categories include traditional retail promotional systems for
in-store communication and electronic graphics systems, and customer queuing systems.

6 

Table of Contents 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 

Our business strategy focuses on providing end-to-end shrink management and merchandise visibility
solutions and apparel labeling solutions that help retailers, manufacturers, and distributors
identify, track, and protect their assets. We believe that innovative new products and expanded
product offerings will provide significant opportunities to enhance the value of legacy products
while expanding the product base in existing customer accounts. We intend to maintain our
leadership position in certain key hard goods markets (supermarkets, drug stores, mass
merchandisers, and music/electronics), expand our market share in the soft goods markets (apparel),
and maximize our position in under-penetrated markets. We also intend to continue to capitalize on
our installed base of large global retailers to promote source tagging. Furthermore, we plan to
leverage our knowledge of RF and identification technologies to assist retailers and manufacturers
in realizing the benefits of RFID.

To achieve these objectives, we plan to work to continually enhance and expand our technologies and
products, and provide superior service to our customers. We are focused on providing our customers
with a wide variety of integrated shrink management solutions, labeling, and retail merchandising
solutions characterized by superior quality, ease of use, good value, and enhanced merchandising
opportunities for the retailer, manufacturer, and distributor.

We continue to evaluate our sales productivity, manufacturing and supply chain efficiency, and our
overhead structure and have taken actions where we have identified specific opportunities to
improve profitability.

Principal Markets and Marketing Strategy 

Through our Shrink Management Solutions business segment, we market EAS systems, software and other
security solutions, and CheckView products and services primarily to worldwide retailers in the
hard goods market and soft goods market. We enjoy significant market share, particularly in the
supermarket, drug store, hypermarket, and mass merchandiser market segments.

Shoplifting and employee theft are major causes of shrinkage. Data collection systems have
highlighted the shrinkage problem to retailers. As a result, retailers recognize that the
implementation of effective electronic security solutions can significantly reduce shrinkage and
increase profitability.

In addition to providing retail security solutions, we provide a wide variety of integrated shrink
management and merchandise visibility solutions, labeling solutions, and retail merchandising
solutions to manufacturers and retailers worldwide. This entails a broadened focus within the
entire retail supply chain by providing branding, tracking, and shrink management solutions to
retail stores, distribution centers, and consumer product and apparel manufacturers worldwide.

We are focused on providing our customers with a wide variety of integrated solutions to help them
 Sell More and Lose Less. Our ongoing marketing strategy includes the following:

open new, and expand existing retail accounts with new products that will increase
penetration through integrated value-added solutions for labeling, security, and
merchandising; 

establish business-to-business web-based capabilities to enable retailers and
manufacturers to initiate and track their orders through the supply chain on a global basis; 

expand market opportunities to manufacturers and distributors, including source tagging
and value-added labeling; 

continue to promote source tagging around the world with extensive integration and
automation capabilities using new EAS, RFID, and auto-ID technologies; and 

assist retailers in understanding the benefits and implementation of the new EPC using
RFID technology. 

We market
our products primarily:

by providing total loss prevention solutions to the retailer; 

by helping retailers sell more merchandise by avoiding stock-outs and making merchandise
available to consumers; 

by serving as a single point of contact for auto-ID and EAS labeling and ticketing needs; 

through direct sales efforts and targeted trade show participation; 

through superior service and support capabilities; and 

by emphasizing source tagging benefits. 

7 

Table of Contents 

We focus on partnering with retail suppliers worldwide in our source tagging program. Ongoing
strategies to increase acceptance of source tagging are as follows:

increase installation of EAS equipment on a chain-wide basis with leading retailers
around the world; 

offer integrated tag solutions, including custom tag conversion that addresses the needs
of branding, tracking, and loss prevention; 

assist retailers in promoting source tagging with vendors; 

broaden penetration of existing accounts by promoting our in-house printing, global
service bureau network (Check-Net ), and labeling solution capabilities; 

support manufacturers and suppliers to speed implementation; 

expand RF tag technologies and products to accommodate the needs of the packaging
industry; and 

develop compatibility with EPC/RFID technologies. 

MANUFACTURING, RAW MATERIALS, AND INVENTORY 

Electronic Article Surveillance 

We manufacture our EAS systems and labels, including Alpha S3 products, in facilities located in
Puerto Rico, Japan, China, the U.S. and the Dominican Republic. Our manufacturing strategy for EAS
products is to rely primarily on in-house capability for core components and to outsource
manufacturing to the extent economically beneficial. We manage the integration of our in-house
capability and our outsourced manufacturing in a way that provides significant control over costs,
quality, and responsiveness to market demand, which we believe results in a distinct competitive
advantage.

We involve customers, engineering, manufacturing, and marketing in the design and development of
our products. For RF sensor production, we purchase raw materials from outside suppliers and
assemble electronic components at our facilities in the Dominican Republic for the majority of our
sensor product lines. The manufacture of some RF sensors sold in Europe and all EM hardware is
outsourced. For our EAS disposable tag production, we purchase raw materials and components from
suppliers and complete the manufacturing process at our facilities in Puerto Rico, Japan, and
China. We sold approximately 4 billion disposable tags in 2008 and have the capacity to produce
approximately 6 billion disposable tags per year. For our Alpha S3 secured merchandising
production, we purchase raw materials and components from suppliers and complete the manufacturing
process at our facilities in the U.S. as well as using outsourced manufacturing in China. The
principal raw materials and components used by us in the manufacture of our products are electronic
components and circuit boards for our systems; aluminum foil, resins, paper, and ferric chloride
and hydrochloric acid solutions for our disposable tags; and polymer resin for our Alpha S3
products. While most of these materials are purchased from several suppliers, there are alternative
sources for all such materials. The products that are not manufactured by us are sub-contracted to
manufacturers selected for their manufacturing and assembly skills, quality, and price.

CheckView CCTV, Fire and Intrusion Systems 

We are primarily an integrator of CCTV, fire and intrusion components manufactured by others. In
the U.S., we use in-house capabilities to assemble products such as the pan/tilt/zoom dome camera
and other products such as the Advanced Public View (APV) CCTV system. The software component of
the system is added during product assembly at our operational facilities.

Check-Net and Retail Merchandising 

We manufacture labels, tags, and hand-held tools. Our main production facilities are located in
Germany, the Netherlands, the U.S., the U.K., and Malaysia. Local production facilities are also
situated in Hong Kong, China and Turkey. Manufacturing in Germany is focused on HLS labels and
print heads for HLS tools. Our facilities in the Netherlands, the U.S., and the U.K. manufacture
labels and tags for laser overprinting. The Malaysian facility produces standard bodies for HLS
tools for Europe, complete hand-held tools for
the rest of the world, and labels for the local market. With the acquisition of ADS in November
2006, we acquired label manufacturing facilities in the U.K., Hong Kong, China, and Turkey.

8 

Table of Contents 

DISTRIBUTION 

For our major product lines, we principally sell our products to end customers using our direct
sales force of more than 500 sales people. To improve our sales efficiency, we also distribute
products through an independent network of resellers. This distribution channel supports and
services smaller customers. This indirect channel, which has primarily sold EAS solutions, will be
broadened and expanded to include more product lines as we focus on improved sales productivity.

Electronic Article Surveillance 

We sell our EAS systems, labels, and Alpha S3 products principally throughout North America, South
America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region. In North America, we market our EAS products through
our own sales personnel and independent representatives.

Internationally, we market our EAS products principally through foreign subsidiaries which sell
directly to the end-user and through independent distributors. Our international sales operations
are currently located in 14 European countries and in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Puerto
Rico, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Malaysia, China, Mexico, and New Zealand.

Foreign distributors sell our products to both the retail and library markets. Pursuant to written
distribution agreements, we generally appoint an independent distributor as an exclusive
distributor for a specified term and for a specified territory. In October 2007, we announced a
global strategic sales and marketing alliance with 3M Library Systems, who will become the
exclusive worldwide reseller and service provider for our line of library security and productivity
products.

CheckView CCTV, Fire and Intrusion Systems 

We market CCTV systems and services in selected countries throughout the world using our own sales
staff. These products and services are provided to our EAS retail customers, as well as non-EAS
retailers. Fire and intrusion systems are marketed exclusively in the U.S. through a direct sales
force.

Check-Net and Retail Merchandising 

We have customers worldwide in the Check-Net and retail merchandising businesses. These
customers are primarily found within the retail sector and retail supply chain. Major customers
include companies within industries such as food retailing, DIY, department stores, and apparel
retailers.

Large national and international customers are handled centrally by key account sales specialists
supported by appropriate business specialists. Smaller customers are served by either a general
sales force capable of representing all products or, if the complexity or size of the business
demands, a dedicated business specialist.

BACKLOG 

Our backlog of orders was approximately 51.8 million at December 28, 2008 compared to
approximately 73.5 million at December 30, 2007. We anticipate that substantially all of the
backlog at the end of 2008 will be delivered during 2009. In the opinion of management, the amount
of backlog is not indicative of trends in our business. Our security business generally follows the
retail cycle so that revenues are weighted toward the last half of the calendar year as retailers
prepare for the holiday season.

TECHNOLOGY 

We believe that our patented and proprietary technologies are important to our business and future
growth opportunities, and provide us with distinct competitive advantages. We continually evaluate
our domestic and international patent portfolio, and where the cost of maintaining the patent
exceeds its value, such patent may not be renewed. The majority of our revenues are derived from
products or technologies which are patented or licensed. There can be no assurance, however, that a
competitor could not develop products comparable to ours. Our competitive position is also
supported by our extensive manufacturing experience and know-how.

PATENTS LICENSING 

On October 1, 1995, we acquired certain patents and improvements thereon related to EAS products
and manufacturing processes from Arthur D. Little, Inc. for which we pay annual royalties. Our
payment obligation terminated on December 31, 2008, and since then we have held a royalty free
license.

 We also license technologies relating to RFID applications, EAS products, certain sensors, magnetic
labels, and fluid tags. These license arrangements have various expiration dates and royalty terms,
but are not considered by us to be material.

9 

Table of Contents 

Check-Net and Retail Merchandising 

We focus our in-house development efforts on product areas where we believe we can achieve and
sustain a competitive cost and positioning advantage, and where delivery service is critical. We
also develop and maintain technological expertise in areas that are believed to be important for
new product development in our principal business areas. We have a base of technology expertise in
the printing, electronics, and software areas and are particularly focused on EAS and labeling
capabilities to support the development of higher value-added labels.

SEASONALITY 

Our business is subject to seasonal influences, which generally causes us to realize higher levels
of sales and income in the second half of the year. Our business seasonality substantially follows
the retail cycle of our customers, which generally has revenues weighted towards the last half of
the calendar year in preparation for the holiday season.

COMPETITION 

Electronic Article Surveillance 

Currently, EAS systems and labels are sold to two principal markets: retail establishments and
libraries. Our principal global competitor in the EAS industry is Tyco International Ltd. (Tyco),
through its ADT security division. Tyco is a diversified manufacturing and service company with
interests in electronics, fire and security, healthcare, plastics and adhesives, and engineered
products and services. Tyco s 2008 revenues were approximately 20.2 billion.

Within the U.S. market, additional competitors include Sentry Technology Corporation and Ketec,
Inc. in EAS systems and labels, and All-Tag Security in EAS-RF labels, principally in the retail
market. Within our international markets, mainly Europe, NEDAP Retail Support and Tyco are our most
significant competitors. The largest competitors of the Alpha S3 secured merchandising product line
include Clear-vu and Amaray.

We believe that our product line offers a more diverse range of products than our competition with
a variety of disposable and reusable tags and labels, integrated scan/deactivation capabilities,
and RF source tagging embedded into products or packaging. As a result, we compete in marketing our
products primarily on the basis of their versatility, reliability, affordability, accuracy, and
integration into operations. This combination provides many system solutions and allows for
protection against a variety of retail merchandise theft. Furthermore, we believe that our
manufacturing know-how and efficiencies relating to disposable tags give us a cost advantage over
our competitors.

CheckView CCTV, Fire and Intrusion Systems 

Our CCTV, fire and intrusion products, which are sold domestically through our Checkpoint Security
Systems Group, and CCTV products sold internationally through our international sales subsidiaries,
compete primarily with similar products offered by Pelco and Tyco. We compete based on our superior
service and believe that our offerings provide our retail and non-retail customers with distinctive
system features.

Check-Net 

We sell our Check-Net services, including tags and labels, to the retail market. Major
competitors for our label products are Avery Dennison Corporation and SML Group. Several
competitive labeling service companies are also customers as they purchase EAS circuits from us to
integrate into their label offerings.

Retail Merchandising 

We face no single competitor across our entire retail merchandising product range or across all
international markets. HL Display AB is our largest competitor in the retail display systems
market, primarily in Europe. In the HLS segment, we compete with Contact, Garvey Products Inc.,
Hallo, Avery Dennison Corporation, and Prix.

10 

Table of Contents 

OTHER MATTERS 

Research and Development 

We spent approximately 22.6 million, 18.2 million, and 19.4 million, in research and development
activities during 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. The emphasis of these activities is the
continued broadening of the product lines offered by us, cost reductions of the current product
lines, and an expansion of the markets and applications for our products. We believe that our
future growth in revenues will be dependent, in part, on the products and technologies resulting
from these efforts.

Another important source of new products and technologies has been the acquisition of companies and
products. The November 2007 acquisition of the Alpha S3 business has enhanced our ability to
introduce new products specifically targeted to high-theft merchandise in an open-display retail
environment. We continue to assess acquisitions of related businesses or products consistent with
our overall product and marketing strategies.

The 2008 acquisition of OATSystems, Inc. will build on our strategy of helping retailers and
suppliers migrate more easily with our Evolve Electronic Article Surveillance platform to EPC
RFID. As our industry moves to a common EPC standard, we will now be able to offer solutions that
enable retailers and their supply chains to gain deeper visibility of
their assets and merchandise -
 further reducing shrink and increasing the bottom-line profits by enhancing on-shelf merchandise
availability for consumers.

We continue to develop and expand our product lines with improvements in disposable tag
performance, disposable tag manufacturing processes, and wide-aisle RF-EAS detection sensors with
integration of remote and wireless internet connectivity and RFID integration.

Employees 

As of December 28, 2008, we had 3,878 employees, including seven executive officers, 134 employees
engaged in research and development activities, and 577 employees engaged in sales and marketing
activities. In the United States, 11 of our employees are represented by a union. In Europe,
approximately 302 of our employees are represented by various unions or work councils.

Financial Information About Geographic and Business Segments 

We operate both domestically and internationally in the three distinct business segments described
previously. The financial information regarding our geographic and business segments, which
includes net revenues and gross profit for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 28, 2008, and long-lived assets as of December 28, 2008, December 30, 2007, and December
31, 2006, is provided in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Available Information 

Our internet website is at www.checkpointsystems.com. Investors can obtain copies of our annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed such materials with, or
furnished them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We will also furnish a paper copy
of such filings free of charge upon request. Investors can also read and copy any materials filed
by us with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room which is located at 100 F Street, NE,
Washington, DC 20549. Information about the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our filings can also be accessed at the SEC s internet
website: www.sec.gov.

We have posted the Code of Ethics, the Governance Guidelines, and each of the Committee Charters on
our website at www.checkpointsystems.com, and will post on our website any amendments to, or
waivers from, the Code of Ethics applicable to any of our directors or executive officers. The
foregoing information will also be available in print upon request.

11 

Table of Contents 

Executive Officers of the Company 

The following table sets forth certain current information concerning the executive officers of the
Company, including their ages, position, and tenure as of the date hereof:

Tenure 

with 
 
 Position with the Company and 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Company 
 
 Date of Election to Position on 

Robert P. van der Merwe

56 

2 years

Chairman since December 2008, President and Chief Executive Officer
since December 2007 

Raymond D. Andrews

55 

3 years

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since December 2007 

Per H. Levin

51 

14 years

President, Shrink Management and Merchandise Visibility Solutions
since March 2006 

Bernard Gremillet

56 

5 years

Executive Vice President, Global Customer Management since August 
2007 

John R. Van Zile

56 

5 years

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since June 2003 

Farrokh
K. Abadi

47 

5 years

Senior Vice President, and Chief
Innovation Officer since April 2008 

Steven Davidson

51 

1 year

President, Global Apparel Labeling Solutions since October 2008 

Mr. van der Merwe was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on December
27, 2007. In December 2008, Mr. van der Merwe was appointed the Company s Chairman of the Board and
has been a member of the Board of Directors since October 2007. He previously served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Paxar Corporation, a global leader in providing innovative
merchandising systems to retailers and apparel customers. He became Chairman of the Board of Paxar
in January 2007, and served in these capacities until Paxar s sale to Avery Dennison in June 2007.
Prior to joining Paxar, Mr. van der Merwe held numerous executive positions with Kimberly-Clark
Corporation from 1980 to 1987 and from 1994 to 2005, including the positions of Group President of
Kimberly-Clark s global consumer tissue business and Group President of Europe, Middle East and
Africa. Earlier in his career, Mr. van der Merwe held managerial positions in South Africa at Xerox
Corporation and Colgate Palmolive.

Mr. Andrews was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on December 6, 2007.
Mr. Andrews was Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company from August 2005
until December 2007. He previously served as Controller of INVISTA S.a r.l., a subsidiary of Koch
Industries, where he oversaw the company s accounting operations in North and South America, Europe
and Asia. Prior to the acquisition by Koch Industries, Mr. Andrews was Director of Accounting
Operations of INVISTA Inc. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Andrews served as Controller for DuPont
Pharmaceuticals Company and then Bristol-Myers Squibb Pharma Company, a subsidiary of Bristol-Myers
Squibb, when that company acquired DuPont Pharmaceuticals in 2001. Prior to being appointed
Controller, he held positions of increasing responsibility at DuPont Merck Pharmaceutical Company
and the DuPont Company. Mr. Andrews is a Certified Public Accountant.

Mr. Levin was appointed President, Shrink Management and Merchandise Visibility Solutions in March
2006. He was President of Europe from June 2004 until March 2006, Executive Vice President, General
Manager, Europe from May 2003 until June 2004, Vice President, General Manager, Europe from
February 2001 until May 2003. Mr. Levin was Regional Director, Southern Europe from 1997 to 2001
and joined the Company in January 1995 as Managing Director of Spain.

Mr. Gremillet was appointed Executive Vice President Global Customer Management in January 2009.
Previously, he was Executive Vice President Geographies since August 2007. Prior to that Mr.
Gremillet was President, Europe and Latin America from March 2006 to August 2007. Mr. Gremillet was
Western Mediterranean Unit Manager from March 2004 until March 2006 and was an independent
consultant to Checkpoint from February 2003 to March 2004. Mr. Gremillet was Corporate Director of
Engineering and Technology at Repsol YPF SA, from December 1999 to May 2002 and Senior Vice
President Downstream at YPF SA in 1999. He held a variety of positions, including Vice President
Marketing and Development for Oilfield Services from July 1995 to June 1997 and Vice President and
General Manager for Latin America from July 1989 to June 1993 during his 22 years with Schlumberger
from 1975 to 1997.

Mr. Van Zile has been Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since joining the
Company in June 2003. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Van Zile served as Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary of Exide Corporation from September 2000 until October
2002, and was Vice President and General Counsel from November 1996 until September 2000. Prior to Exide Corporation, Mr. Van Zile
held positions of increasing legal responsibility at GM-Hughes Electronics Corporation and Coltec
Industries.

Mr. Abadi was appointed Senior Vice President
and Chief Innovation Officer in October 2008. Mr. Abadi retains responsibility for the Company s
procurement and systems supply chain. He also served as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations from
April 2006 until October 2008 and Vice President and General Manager, Worldwide Research and
Development from November 2004 until April 2006. Prior to joining Checkpoint, Mr. Abadi was
Senior Vice President of Global Cross-Industry Practices at Atos Origin from February 2004 until
November 2004. Mr. Abadi held various senior management positions with Schlumberger for over eighteen
years.

12 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Davidson joined Checkpoint in 2008 as President, Global Apparel Labeling Solutions. Previously,
he spent 16 years with the Braitrim Group, a company providing products and services to global
apparel retailers and garment manufacturers. While with the Braitrim Group, Mr. Davidson made a
significant contribution to building their 180 million business, including establishing Sales and
Marketing and Manufacturing infrastructures throughout Asia. Following the acquisition of Braitrim
by the Spotless Group in 2002, Mr. Davidson remained with the larger organization in the capacity
of Managing Director, EMEA, for Spotless Retailer Services. Mr. Davidson s previous experience
includes Senior Management positions at TCI Marketing Consultancy, K Shoes Group in the UK, and
Unilever.

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The risks described below are among those that could materially and adversely affect the Company s
business, financial condition or results of operations. These risks could cause actual results to
differ materially from historical experience and from results predicted by any forward-looking
statements related to conditions or events that may occur in the future.

Current
economic conditions could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

Our operations and results depend significantly on global market worldwide economic conditions,
which have experienced a recent deterioration. Current economic factors include diminished
liquidity and tighter credit conditions, leading to decreased credit availability, as well as
declines in economic growth and employment levels. As a result of these market conditions, the
cost and availability of credit has been and may continue to be adversely affected by illiquid
credit markets and wider credit spreads. These conditions may increase the difficulty for us to
accurately forecast and plan future business. Customer demand could be impacted by decreased
spending by businesses and consumers alike, and competitive pricing pressures could increase.
Additionally, the disruption in the credit markets may also adversely affect the availability of
financing to support our strategy for future growth through acquisitions. We are unable to predict
the length or severity of the current economic conditions. A continuation or further deterioration
of these economic factors may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition, and liquidity, and the liquidity and financial condition of our customers,
including our ability to refinance maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet
liquidity needs.

We have significant foreign operations, which are subject to political, economic and other risks
inherent in operating in foreign countries. 

We are a multinational manufacturer and marketer of identification, tracking security, and
merchandising solutions for the retail industry. We have significant operations outside of the
U.S. We currently operate directly in 30 countries, and our international operations generate
approximately 65 of our revenue. We expect net revenue generated outside of the U.S. to continue
to represent a significant portion of total net revenue. Business operations outside of the U.S.
are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such
as:

the difficulty in enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting
assets through foreign legal systems; 

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application
of foreign labor regulations; 

compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; 

changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries
where we operate, particularly in emerging markets; 

the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 

increased costs and risks of doing business in a number of foreign
jurisdictions; 

changes in enacted tax laws; 

limitations on repatriation of earnings; and 

fluctuations in equity and revenues due to changes in foreign currency
exchange rates. 

Changes in the political or economic environments in the countries in which we operate, as well as
the impact of economic conditions on underlying demand for our products could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

13 

Table of Contents 

Volatility in currency exchange rates and interest rates may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates. See Part 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Our net revenue derived from sales in non-U.S. markets is approximately 65 of our total net
revenue, and we expect revenue from non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion
of our net revenue. When the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of the foreign
countries where we sell our products, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease.
Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, may have a
significant effect on our results of operations. Our financial statements reflect recalculations
of items denominated in non-U.S. currencies to U.S. dollars, our functional currency.

We monitor these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program. In some
cases, we enter into contracts to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations on short-term
inter-company receivables and payables, and on projected future billings in non-functional
currencies and use third-party borrowings in foreign currencies to hedge a portion of our net
investments in, and cash flows derived from, our foreign subsidiaries. Nevertheless, changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of lower than anticipated demand by
retailers and other customers for our products, particularly in the current economic environment. 

Our business is heavily dependent on the retail marketplace. Changes in the economic environment
including the liquidity and financial condition of our customers or reductions in retailer spending
could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. If a decreased consumer spending
trend develops, retailers could respond by reducing their spending on new store openings and loss
prevention budgets. This reduction could directly impact our SMS business, as a reduction in new
store openings will lower demand for EAS security and CCTV installations. Additionally, lower loss
prevention budgets could reduce the amount retailers will be willing to spend to upgrade existing
store technology. Label demand could also be impacted due to lower loss prevention budgets as
retailers may reduce the percentage of items covered. Additionally, our label volume increases as
more items are sold through the retailer and lower demand decreases the volume related to the items
tagged by the retailer. As retail sales volumes decline, label demand may also decline. A
decrease in the demand for our products resulting from reduced spending by retailers due to fewer
store openings, reduced loss prevention budgets and slower adoption of our new technology could
have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.

Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of slower commitments of retail
customers to chain-wide installations and/or source tagging adoption or expansion. 

Our revenues are dependent on our ability to maintain and increase our system installation base.
The SMS system installation base leads to additional revenues, which we term as recurring
revenues, through the sale of sensor tags and maintenance services. In addition, we partner with
manufacturers to include our sensor tags into the product during manufacturing, an approach known
as source tagging.

The level of commitments for chain-wide installations may decline due to decreased consumer
spending that results in reduced spending on loss prevention by our retail customers, our failure
to develop new technology that entices the customer to maintain their commitment to our loss
prevention products and services, and competing technologies. A reduction in the commitment for
chain-wide installations may also impact our ability to expand utilization of our source tagging
program. A reduction in commitments to chain-wide installations and utilization of our source
tagging program could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.

The markets we serve are highly competitive and we may be unable to compete effectively if we are
unable to provide and market innovative and cost-effective products at competitive prices. 

We face competition around the world, including competition from other large, multinational
companies and other regional companies. Some of these companies may have substantially greater
financial and other resources than the Company. We face competition in several aspects of our
business. In the SMS EAS and Alpha S3 businesses and Intelligent Labels EAS business, we compete
primarily on the basis of integrated security solutions and diversified, sophisticated, and quality
product lines targeted at meeting the loss prevention needs of our retail customers. In our
CheckView business, we compete primarily on the basis of efficient installation capability that is in place in North America. In the Check-Net Service
Bureau business, we compete primarily on the capability to effectively and quickly deliver retail
customer specified labels to manufacturing sites in multiple countries. It is possible that our
competitors will be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives
that we cannot offer or that will make our products less profitable. It is also possible that our
competitors will offer incentive programs or will market and advertise their products in a way that
will impact customers preferences, and we may not be able to compete effectively.

We may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of our competitors activities and initiatives,
or we may be unable to successfully counteract them, which could harm our business. In addition,
the cost of responding to our competitors activities may affect our financial performance in the
relevant period. Our ability to compete also depends on our ability to attract and retain key
talent, protect patent and trademark rights, and develop innovative and cost-effective products. A
failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our growth and profitability.

14 

Table of Contents 

Our long term success is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies, and if we
are unable to successfully develop those technologies, our business could be materially adversely
affected. 

Our growth depends on continued sales of existing products, as well as the successful development
and introduction of new products, which face the uncertainty of retail and consumer acceptance and
reaction from competitors. In addition, our ability to create new products and to sustain existing
products is affected by whether we can:

develop and fund technological innovations, such as those related to our next
generation EAS product solutions, continued investment in evolving RFID technologies, and
other innovative security device, software, and systems initiatives; 

receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection; and 

successfully anticipate customer needs and preferences. 

The failure to develop and launch successful new products could hinder the growth of our business.
Research and development for each of our operating segments is complex and uncertain and requires
innovation and anticipation of market trends. Also, delay in the development or launch of a new
product could compromise our competitive position, particularly if our competitors announce or
introduce new products and services in advance of us.

An inability to acquire, protect or maintain our intellectual property and patents could harm our
ability to compete or grow. 

We have a number of patents that will expire in the next several years. Because our products
involve complex technology and chemistry, we rely on protections of our intellectual property and
proprietary information to maintain a competitive advantage. The expiration of these patents will
reduce the barriers to entry into our existing lines of business and may result in loss of market
share and a decrease in our competitive abilities, thus having a potential adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of possible increases in per unit
product manufacturing costs as a result of slowing economic conditions or other factors. 

Our manufacturing capacity is designed to meet our current and future anticipated demands. If our
product demand decreases as a result of economic conditions and other factors, it could increase
our cost per unit. If an increase in our cost per unit is passed on to our customers, it may
decrease our competitive position, which may have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of
operations. If an increase per unit is not passed on to our customers, it may reduce our gross
margins, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our EAS and service bureau
label manufacturing has various low price competitors globally. In order for us to maintain and
improve our market position, we need to continuously monitor and seek to improve our manufacturing
effectiveness while maintaining our high quality standard. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to
improve manufacturing and supply chain effectiveness, then our cost per unit may increase which
could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

If we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and component parts required for our
manufacturing activities at competitive prices and quality and on a timely basis, our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows may suffer. 

We purchase materials and component parts from third parties for use in our manufacturing
operations. Our ability to grow earnings will be affected by inflationary and other increases in
the cost of component parts and raw materials, including electronic components, circuit boards,
aluminum foil, resins, paper, and ferric chloride and hydrochloric acid solutions. Inflationary
and other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor, and energy have occurred in the past and
are expected to recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to pass these cost
increases on to customers in the prices for our products and to effect improvements in
productivity. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher component parts and raw
material costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. If
we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of these items at competitive prices and quality and on a
timely basis, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market
demand, product shipments may be delayed, or our material or manufacturing costs may increase. A
disruption to our supply chain could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Any of these
problems could result in the loss of customers and revenue, provide an opportunity for competing
products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations, or cash flows.

15 

Table of Contents 

Possible increases in the payment time for receivables as a result of economic conditions or other
market factors could have a material effect on our results from operations and anticipated cash
from operating activities. 

The majority of our customer base is in the retail marketplace. Although we have a rigorous
process to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for doubtful accounts
is adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our
inability to collect our accounts receivable. During the past several years, various retailers have
experienced significant financial difficulties, which in some cases have resulted in bankruptcies,
liquidations and store closings. The financial difficulties of a customer could result in reduced
business with that customer. We may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a
customer experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments occur, our inability to shift
sales to other customers or to collect on our trade accounts receivable from a major customer could
substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
cash flows from operating activities.

Changes in legislation or governmental regulations, policies or standards applicable to our
products may have a significant impact on our ability to compete in our target markets. 

We operate in regulated industries. Our U.S. operations are subject to regulation by federal,
state, and local governmental agencies with respect to safety of operations and equipment, labor
and employment matters, and financial responsibility. Our EAS products are subject to FCC
regulation, and our international operations are regulated by the countries in which they operate,
including regulation of the Conformit Europ ene (CE) in Europe. Failure to comply with laws or
regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits or licenses.
If laws and regulations change and we fail to comply, our financial condition, results of
operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Our ability to implement cost reductions in field services, selling, general and administrative
expenses, and our manufacturing and supply chain operations may have a significant impact on our
business and future revenues and profits. 

We are in the process of taking actions to rationalize our field service, improve our sales
productivity, reduce our general and administrative expenses, and reconfigure our manufacturing and
supply chain operations. Such rationalization actions require management judgment on the
development of cost reduction strategies and precision on the execution of those strategies. We may
not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits from these initiatives, and other events
and circumstances, such as difficulties, delays, or unexpected costs may occur, which could result
in our not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits. We also cannot predict whether we will
realize improved operating performance as a result of any cost reduction strategies. Further, in
the event the market continues to fluctuate, we may not have the appropriate level of resources and
personnel to react to the change. We are also subject to the risk of business disruption in
connection with our restructuring initiatives, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and future revenues and profits.

Our ability to integrate the acquisitions of the Alpha S3, SIDEP/Asialco, and OATSystems businesses
and to achieve our financial and operational goals for these businesses could have an impact on
future revenues and profits. 

We are in the process of integrating our Alpha S3, SIDEP/Asialco, and OATSystems businesses into
our operations. In 2007, we acquired the Alpha S3 business, and we are working to take advantage
of the business to utilize our existing sales force to grow revenue. In 2007, we also acquired the
SIDEP/Asialco business, and we are attempting to integrate that business to optimize worldwide
manufacturing capabilities and improve the quality and profitability of the acquired product lines.
In June 2008, we acquired OATSystems, which will facilitate complementary merchandise protection
and inventory management applications solutions that will enable retailers and their supply chains
to gain deeper inventory visibility.

Various risks, uncertainties and costs are associated with the acquisitions. Effective integration
of systems, key business processes, controls, objectives, personnel, management practices, product
lines, markets, customers, supply chain operations, and production facilities can be difficult to
achieve and the results are uncertain, particularly across our internationally diverse
organization. We may not be able to retain key personnel of an acquired company and we may not be
able to successfully execute integration strategies or achieve projected performance targets set
for the business segment into which an acquired company is integrated. Our ability to execute the
integration plans could have an impact on future revenues and profits and may adversely affect our
financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. There can be no assurance that these acquisitions or others
will be successful and contribute to our profitability.

16 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business could be harmed. 

Our strategy is to maximize value by achieving growth both organically and through acquisitions.
Our ability to effectively manage and control any future growth may be limited. To manage any
growth, our management must continue to improve our operational, information and financial systems,
procedures and controls and expand, train, retain and manage our employees. If our systems,
procedures and controls are inadequate to support our operations, any expansion could decrease or
stop, and investors may lose confidence in our operations or financial results. If we are unable to
manage growth effectively, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, and any
failure to develop and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting could cause the
trading price of our shares to decline substantially.

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other assets could negatively affect our
consolidated results of operations and net worth. 

Pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to
annually assess our goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets to determine if they are
impaired. In addition, interim reviews must be performed whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. If the testing performed indicates that
impairment has occurred, the Company is required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the
difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied
fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is made.
Disruptions to our business, end market conditions and protracted economic weakness, unexpected
significant declines in operating results of reporting units, divestitures and market
capitalization declines may result in additional charges for goodwill and other asset impairments.
We have significant intangible assets, including goodwill with an indefinite life, which are
susceptible to valuation adjustments as a result of changes in such factors and conditions. We
assess the potential impairment of goodwill on an annual basis, as well as when interim events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess
definite lived intangible assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable.

Our annual goodwill impairment test resulted in an estimated goodwill impairment charge of 59.6
million in the quarter ended December 28, 2008, primarily related to the Intelligent Labels and
Retail Merchandising segments. Although our analysis regarding the fair value of the remaining
goodwill indicates that it exceeds its carrying value, materially different assumptions regarding
the future performance of our businesses or significant declines in our stock price could result in
additional goodwill impairment losses. We expect to finalize the goodwill impairment analysis in
the first quarter of 2009 and any adjustment to the estimated impairment will be recorded in that
period. We also evaluate other assets on our balance sheet whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. As a result of changes in
circumstances related to the customer relationship intangible related to the Asialco acquisition,
we recorded an impairment charge of 2.6 million in the quarter ended December 28, 2008. Although
our analysis regarding the fair value of the remaining assets indicates that it exceeds their
carrying value, materially different assumptions regarding the future performance of our businesses
could result in significant asset impairment losses.

The Company s future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings. 

We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government proceedings and
other contingencies and uncertainties that may arise out of the conduct of our business, including
matters relating to intellectual property, employment, commercial and other matters. Resolution of
such matters can be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate results or judgments are uncertain due
to the inherent uncertainty in litigation and other proceedings. Moreover, our potential
liabilities are subject to change over time due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy
or the impact of evidentiary requirements, and we may be required to pay damage awards or
settlements, or become subject to damage awards or settlements, that could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.

The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our
business. 

Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different
information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing
commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new
systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology,
evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. In addition, we may
from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or
facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable to such third
parties failure to perform adequately. Our failure to maintain effective and efficient
information systems, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information
systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete

applications, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Additionally, any disruption or failure of such networks, systems, or other
technology may disrupt our operations, cause customer dissatisfaction, and loss of customer
revenues.

17 

Table of Contents 

As a global business, we have a relatively complex tax structure, and there is a risk that tax
authorities will disagree with our tax positions. 

Since we conduct operations worldwide through our foreign subsidiaries, we are subject to complex
transfer pricing regulations in the countries in which we operate. Transfer pricing regulations
generally require that, for tax purposes, transactions between us and our foreign affiliates be
priced on a basis that would be comparable to an arm s length transaction and that contemporaneous
documentation be maintained to support the tax allocation. Although uniform transfer pricing
standards are emerging in many of the countries in which we operate, there is still a relatively
high degree of uncertainty and inherent subjectivity in complying with these rules. To the extent
that any foreign tax authorities disagree with our transfer pricing policies, we could become
subject to significant tax liabilities and penalties.

Our tax returns are subject to review by taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which we
operate. Although we believe that we have provided for all tax exposures, the ultimate outcome of a
tax review could differ materially from our provisions.

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

Item 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

Our principal corporate offices are located at 101 Wolf Drive, Thorofare, New Jersey. As of
December 28, 2008, we owned or leased approximately 2.2 million square feet of space worldwide
which is used primarily for sales, distribution, manufacturing, and general administration. These
facilities include offices located throughout North and South America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
Our principal manufacturing facilities are located in China, the Dominican Republic, Germany,
Japan, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Puerto Rico, India, Hong Kong, Bangladesh, the U.K. and the U.S.
We believe our current manufacturing capacity will support our needs for the foreseeable future.

Item 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are involved in certain legal and regulatory actions, all of which have arisen in the ordinary
course of business, except for the matters described in the following paragraphs. Management
believes that the ultimate resolution of such matters is unlikely to have a material adverse effect
on our consolidated results of operations and/or financial condition, except as described below.

Matters related to ID Security Systems Canada Inc. versus Checkpoint Systems, Inc. 

On June 22, 2006, we settled the follow-on purported class action suits that were filed in
connection with the ID Security Systems Canada Inc. litigation. The purported class action
complaints generally alleged a claim of monopolization. The settlement was for 1.45 million in
cash and credits for the purchase of 90 million radio frequency label tags. As a result, we
recorded a pre-tax charge to earnings of 2.3 million in fiscal 2006.

As a portion of the settlement is in the form of vouchers for the future purchases of tags, the
settlement is anticipated to impact revenue and margin over the term of the redemption period for
the vouchers.

Matter related to All-Tag Security S.A., et al 

The Company originally filed suit on May 1, 2001, alleging that the disposable, deactivatable radio
frequency security tag manufactured by All-Tag Security S.A. and All-Tag Security Americas, Inc. s
(jointly All-Tag and sold by Sensormatic Electronics Corporation (Sensormatic) infringed on a
U.S. Patent No. 4,876,555 (Patent) owned by the Company. On April 22, 2004, the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania granted summary judgment to defendants
All-Tag and Sensormatic on the ground that the Company s Patent was invalid for incorrect
inventorship. The Company appealed this decision. On June 20, 2005, the Company won an appeal when
the Federal Circuit reversed the grant of summary judgment and remanded the case to the District
Court for further proceedings. On January 29, 2007 the case went to trial. On February 13, 2007, a
jury found in favor of the defendants on infringement, the validity of the Patent and the
enforceability of the Patent. On June 20, 2008, the Court entered judgment in favor of defendants
based on the jury s infringement and enforceability findings. On February 10, 2009 the Court
granted defendants motions for attorneys fees under Section 285 of the Patent Statute. The
district court will have to quantify the amount of attorneys fees to be awarded, but it is
expected that defendants will request approximately 5.7 million plus interest.
The Company recognized this amount during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2008 in
litigation settlements on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company intends to appeal
any award of legal fees.

18 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. 
 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF STOCKHOLDERS 

No matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of 2008 to a vote of stockholders.

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol CKP. The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sale prices for our common
stock as reported on the NYSE Composite Tape.

Market Price Per 

Share 

High 

Low 

Fiscal year ended December 28, 2008 

First Quarter

28.38 

21.49 

Second Quarter

28.10 

20.80 

Third Quarter

23.43 

17.32 

Fourth Quarter

18.99 

9.01 

Fiscal year ended December 30, 2007 

First Quarter

23.74 

18.19 

Second Quarter

28.00 

21.70 

Third Quarter

29.91 

22.47 

Fourth Quarter

30.50 

21.24 

Holders of Record 

As of February 19, 2009, there were 663 holders of record of our common stock.

Dividends 

We have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock (except for a nominal cash distribution in
April 1997 to redeem the rights outstanding under our 1988 Shareholders Rights Plan). We do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the near future. We have retained, and expect to continue
to retain, our earnings for reinvestment into the business. The declaration and payment of
dividends in the future, and their amounts, will be determined by the Board of Directors in light
of conditions then existing, including our earnings, our financial condition and business
requirements (including working capital needs), and other factors.

19 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The following table presents information related to the repurchases of common stock we made during
the twelve months ended December 28, 2008:

Maximum Number of 

Total Number of 

Shares that May Yet 

Total Number of 

Average Price 

Shares Purchased 

Be Purchased Under 

Period 
 
 Shares Purchased 

Paid per Share 

Under the Plan (A) 

the Program 

December 31, 2007 January 27, 2008

2,000,000 

January 28, 2008 February 24, 2008

2,000,000 

February 25, 2008 March 30, 2008

673,067 

25.63 

673,067 

1,326,933 

March 31, 2008 April 27, 2008

1,326,933 

April 28, 2008 May 25, 2008

863,218 

25.11 

1,536,285 

463,715 

May 26, 2008 June 29, 2008

463,715 

25.68 

2,000,000 

June 30, 2008 July 27, 2008

July 28, 2008 August 24, 2008

August 25, 2008 September 28, 2008

September 29, 2008 October 26, 2008

October 27, 2008 November 23, 2008

November 24, 2008 December 28, 2008

Total

2,000,000 

25.42 

2,000,000 

(A) In October 2006, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that allowed for
the purchase of up to 2 million shares of the Company s common stock. During the first six months
of 2008, the Company repurchased 2 million shares of its common stock at an average cost of 25.42,
spending a total of 50.9 million. This completed the repurchase of shares under the Company s
repurchase authorization that was put in place during the fourth quarter of 2006. Common stock
obtained by the Company through the repurchase program has been added to our treasury stock
holdings.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There has been no sale of unregistered securities in fiscal 2008, 2007 or 2006.

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table sets forth our shares authorized for issuance under our equity compensation
plan at December 28, 2008:

Equity 

Equity 

compensation 

compensation 

plans not 

plans approved 

approved by 

by shareholders 

shareholders 

Total 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options

2,610,326 
 (1) 

270,000 
 (2) 

2,880,326 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options

18.45 

22.71 

18.85 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity
compensation plans (excluding securities reflected above)

1,573,746 

1,573,746 

(1) 
 
 Includes stock options and performance based restricted stock units. 

(2) 
 
 Inducement options granted to newly elected President and CEO of Checkpoint in connection with his hire in fiscal 2007. 

20 

Table of Contents 

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Common Stock of the
Company for the period beginning December 28, 2003 and ending on December 28, 2008, with the
cumulative total return on the Center for Research in Security Prices Index (CRSP Index) for
NYSE/AMEX/NASDAQ Stock market, and the CRSP Index for NASDAQ Electronic Components and Accessories,
assuming the investment of 100 in the Company s Stock, the CRSP Index for NYSE/AMEX/NASDAQ Stock
market, and the CRSP Index for NASDAQ Electronic Components and Accessories and the reinvestment of
all dividends.

NASDAQ 

Electronic 

Checkpoint 

NYSE/AMEX/NASDAQ Stock 

Components And 

Year 
 
 Systems, Inc. 

Market Index 

Accessories Index 

2003

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

2004

95.45 

112.29 

79.11 

2005

130.34 

119.19 

82.75 

2006

106.82 

138.24 

78.74 

2007

137.40 

145.43 

91.43 

2008

52.03 

87.10 

46.66 

This Stock Performance Graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement
incorporating by reference this annual report into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
specifically incorporates this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed
under such Acts.

Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return 
Assumes Initial Investment of 100 
December 2008 

Notes: 

A. 
 
 Note: Data complete through last fiscal year. 

B. 
 
 Note: Corporate Performance Graph with peer group uses peer group only performance (excludes only company). 

C. 
 
 Note: Peer group indices use beginning of period market capitalization weighting. 

D. 
 
 Note: Data and graph are calculated from CRSP Total Return Index for the NYSE/AMEX/NASDAQ Stock Market
(U.S. Companies), Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP), Graduate School of Business, The
University of Chicago. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following tables set forth our selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere herein.

(dollar amounts are in thousands except per share amounts) 

Dec. 28, 

Dec. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

Dec. 25, 

Dec. 26, 

Year ended 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA 

Net revenues

917,082 

834,156 

687,775 

717,992 

670,453 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations before income
taxes

(29,209) 

70,576 

41,975 

40,127 

21,031 

Income taxes

719 

12,174 

6,987 

11,661 

2,064 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(29,805) 

58,409 

35,019 

28,413 

18,823 

Discontinued operations, net of tax

359 

903 

8,108 

(37,448) 

Net (loss) earnings

(29,805) (1) 

58,768 
 (2) 

35,922 
 (3) 

36,521 
 (4) 

(18,625) (5) 

(Loss) earnings per share from continuing operations:

Basic

(.76) 

1.46 

.89 

.75 

.51 

Diluted

(.76) 

1.43 

.87 

.72 

.50 

(Loss) earnings per share:

Basic

(.76) 

1.47 

.91 

.96 

(.51) 

Diluted

(.76) 

1.44 

.89 

.93 

(.50) 

Depreciation and amortization

30,788 

21,059 

19,504 

22,539 

26,316 

(1) 
 
 Includes a 59.6 million goodwill impairment charge 58.5 million,
net of tax), a 6.4 million restructuring charge 4.6 million, net of
tax), a 6.2 million litigation settlement charge 3.8 million, net
of tax), a 3.0 million intangible asset impairment charge 2.2
million, net of tax), a 1.5 million fixed asset impairment charge 1.1 million, net of tax), and a 1.0 million gain from the sale of
our Czech subsidiary 1.0 million, net of tax). 

(2) 
 
 Includes a 2.7 million 2.0 million, net of tax) restructuring
charge, a 4.4 million 2.9 million, net of tax) charge related to
the CEO transition, and a 2.6 million 2.5 million, net of tax) gain
from the sale of our Austrian subsidiary. 

(3) 
 
 Includes a 7.0 million 4.8 million, net of tax) restructuring
charge, a 2.3 million 1.5 million, net of tax) litigation
settlement charge, and a 1.8 million 1.1 million, net of tax) gain
from the settlement of a capital lease. Also included in discontinued
operations is a 2.8 million 1.4 million, net of tax) gain on the
divestment of our barcode business. 

(4) 
 
 Includes a 12.6 million 8.5 million, net of tax) restructuring
charge, a 1.4 million 1.4 million, net of tax) asset impairment
charge, 2.0 million of additional tax expense related to our tax
restructuring and dividend repatriation under the American Jobs
Creation Act, and a 0.7 million 0.7 million, net of tax) goodwill
impairment charge. 

(5) 
 
 Includes a 34.7 million 34.7 million, net of tax) goodwill
impairment, a 20.0 million 13.0 million, net of tax) litigation
settlement, 16.7 million 10.3 million, net of tax) asset
impairment, and a 3.0 million 2.0 million, net of tax)
restructuring charge reversal. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Dec. 28, 

Dec. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

Dec. 25, 

Dec. 26, 

(dollar amounts are in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

AT YEAR END 

Working capital

282,752 

297,056 

254,024 

208,255 

168,382 

Total debt

145,286 

95,512 

16,534 

39,745 

73,998 

Stockholders equity

504,314 

588,328 

473,581 

396,420 

379,645 

Total assets

985,716 

1,031,044 

781,191 

739,245 

769,685 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 

Capital expenditures

15,217 

13,363 

11,520 

10,846 

11,342 

Cash provided by operating activities

77,206 

66,971 

22,386 

44,618 

23,280 

Cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(54,704) 

(106,151) 

7,963 

(8,521) 

(10,338) 

Cash
(used in) provided by financing activities

(4,460) 

7,164 

(6,945) 

(18,283) 

(24,503) 

RATIOS 

Return on net sales(a)

(3.25) 

7.05 

5.22 

5.09 

(2.78) 

Return on average equity(b)

(5.46) 

11.07 

8.26 

9.41 

(5.30) 

Return on average assets(c)

(2.96) 

6.49 

4.73 

4.84 

(2.41) 

Current ratio(d)

2.34 

2.42 

2.31 

1.99 

1.72 

Percent of total debt to capital(e)

22.37 

13.97 

3.37 

9.11 

16.31 

(a) 
 
 Return on net sales is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) after the cumulative effect
of change in accounting principle by net sales. 

(b) 
 
 Return on average equity is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) after the cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle by average equity. 

(c) 
 
 Return on average assets is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) after the cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle by average assets. 

(d) 
 
 Current ratio is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities. 

(e) 
 
 Percent of total debt to capital is calculated by dividing total debt by total debt and equity. 

Dec. 28, 

Dec. 30, 

Dec. 31, 

Dec. 25, 

Dec. 26, 

(amounts are in thousands, except employee data) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Other Information 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted

39,408 
 (1) 

40,724 

40,233 

39,075 

37,604 
 (2) 

Number of employees

3,878 

3,930 

3,213 

3,955 

4,260 

Backlog

51,799 

73,462 

54,899 

52,234 

63,026 

(1) 
 
 Excludes 518 common shares from stock options and awards
and 22 common shares from deferred compensation arrangements as they
are anti-dilutive due to our net loss for the year. 

(2) 
 
 Excludes 2,187 common shares from the assumed conversion of the subordinated debentures as it is anti-dilutive. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following section highlights significant factors impacting the consolidated operations and
financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries. The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with Item 6. Selected Financial Data and Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

Overview 

We are a multinational manufacturer and marketer of identification, tracking, security and
merchandising solutions for the retail industry. We provide technology-driven integrated supply
chain solutions to brand, track, and secure goods for retailers and consumer product manufacturers
worldwide. We are a leading provider of, and earn revenues primarily from the sale of, electronic
article surveillance (EAS), store monitoring solutions (CheckView ), custom tags and labels
(Check-Net ), hand-held labeling systems (HLS), retail merchandising systems
(RMS), and radio frequency identification (RFID) systems and software. Applications of these
products include primarily retail security, asset and merchandise visibility, automatic
identification, and pricing and promotional labels and signage. Operating directly in 30 countries,
we have a global network of subsidiaries and distributors, and provide customer service and
technical support around the world.

Historically, we have reported our results of operations into three segments: Security, Labeling
Services, and Retail Merchandising. During the fourth quarter of 2007, resulting from previously
announced changes in our management structure we began reporting our segments into three new
segments: Shrink Management Solutions, Intelligent Labels, and Retail Merchandising. Fiscal 2006
has been conformed to reflect the segment change. The margins for each of the segments and the
identifiable assets attributable to each reporting segment are set forth in Note 19 Business
Segments and Geographic Information to the consolidated financial statements.

Our results are heavily dependent upon sales to the retail market. Our customers are dependent upon
retail sales, which are susceptible to economic cycles and seasonal fluctuations. Furthermore, as
approximately two-thirds of our revenues and operations are located outside the U.S., fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates have a significant impact on reported results.

We believe that some markets we serve are slowing as a result of the unprecedented credit crisis
and on-going softening of the global economic environment. In response to anticipated market
conditions, we will continue to focus on providing customers with innovative products that will be
valuable in addressing shrink, which is particularly important during a difficult economic
environment. We are also moving forward with initiatives to reduce costs and improve working
capital to mitigate the effects of the economy on our business. We believe that the strength of our
core business and our ability to generate positive cash flow will sustain Checkpoint through this
challenging period.

Our business plan is to generate sustained revenue growth through selected investments in product
development and marketing. We intend to offset the cost of these investments through product cost
and operating expense reductions. Revenue growth may also be generated by acquisitions that are
targeted to expand our product offerings and customer base.

During early 2008, we introduced Evolve , our new state-of-the-art shrink management platform.
Evolve is our next-generation suite of RF and RFID enabled products that provide enhanced system
performance and networking capability information in a more aesthetically pleasing format. Our
business model relies upon customer commitments for our security product installations to a large
number of their stores over a period of several months (large chain-wide installations). This new
product will allow our existing customers to upgrade their security offerings and should result in
increased installations for the future. The enhanced capabilities of the Evolve platform should
also attract interest from new retail customers. As is typical with market introductions of new
products in this industry, we expect the Evolve TM roll-out to positively
impact our revenues over an 18-month period starting with existing customers.

During June 2008, we acquired OATSystems, Inc., a recognized leader in RFID-based application
software. The addition of OATSystems, Inc. will build on our strategy of helping retailers and
suppliers migrate more easily with our Evolve Electronic Article Surveillance platform to EPC
RFID. As our industry moves to a common EPC standard, we will now be able to offer solutions that
enable retailers and their supply chains to gain deeper visibility of
their assets and merchandise -
further reducing shrink and increasing the bottom-line profits by enhancing on-shelf merchandise
availability for consumers. OATSystems, Inc. employs 49 people.

Our acquisitions of Alpha S3 and SIDEP in 2007 have expanded our product portfolio. We anticipate
that these acquisitions will help us improve our product offering and, coupled with our external
global distribution chain, provide a platform for continued growth. In addition to improving our
offering of shrink management solutions, the Alpha S3 acquisition adds products for use with
acoustic-magnetic (AM) technology, providing the potential to expand our penetration in retail
customers that are not using our RF EAS solutions.

24 

Table of Contents 

In August 2008, we announced a manufacturing and supply chain restructuring program designed to
accelerate profitable growth in our Check-Net business and to support incremental improvements in
its EAS hardware and labels businesses. We anticipate this program to result in total restructuring
charges of approximately 3 million to 4 million, or 0.06 to 0.08 per diluted share, of which
 1.5 million, or 0.03 per diluted share, has been incurred in 2008. We continue to expect
implementation of this program to be complete in 2010 and to result in annualized cost savings of
approximately 6 million.

Future financial results will be dependent upon our ability to expand the functionality of our
existing product lines, develop or acquire new products for sale through our global distribution
channels, convert new large chain retailers to RF-EAS, and reduce the cost of our products and
infrastructure to respond to competitive pricing pressures.

Our strong base of recurring revenue (revenues from the sale of consumables into the installed base
of security systems and hand-held labeling tools and services from monitoring and maintenance),
repeat customer business, and our borrowing capacity should provide us with adequate cash flow and
liquidity to execute our business plan.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities.

Note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting
policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Certain of these
significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies. A critical
accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our consolidated
financial statements and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments
that could have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Specifically, these policies have the following attributes: (1) we are required to make assumptions
about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates we
could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would
have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Estimates and
assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. On an
on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new
events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These
changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial
statements as soon as they became known. Senior management reviews the development and selection of
our accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee. The critical accounting policies
have been consistently applied throughout the accompanying financial statements.

We believe the following accounting policies are critical to the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements:

Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No.
104, Revenue Recognition, which states that revenue is realized or realizable and earned when all
of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has
occurred or services have been rendered; the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and
collectability is reasonably assured. We enter into contracts to sell our products and services,
and, while the majority of our sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, there are
agreements that contain multiple elements or non-standard terms and conditions. As a result,
significant contract interpretation is sometimes required to determine the appropriate accounting,
including whether the deliverables specified in a multiple element arrangement should be treated as
separate units of accounting for revenue recognition purposes, and, if so, how the price should be
allocated among the elements and when to recognize revenue for each element. Unearned revenue is
recorded when payments are received in advance of performing our service obligations and is
recognized over the service period.

For arrangements with multiple elements, we determine the fair value of each element and then
allocate the total arrangement consideration among the separate elements. We recognize revenue
when installation is complete or other post-shipment obligations have been satisfied. Equipment
leased to customers under sales-type leases is accounted for as the equivalent of a sale. The
present value of such lease revenues is recorded as net revenues, and the related cost of the
equipment is charged to cost of revenues. The deferred finance charges applicable to these leases
are recognized over the terms of the leases. Rental revenue from equipment under operating leases
is recognized over the term of the lease. Installation revenue from EAS equipment is recognized
when the systems are installed. Service revenue is recognized, for service contracts, on a
straight-line basis over the contractual period, and, for non-contract work, as services are
performed. Software license fee revenues are recognized in accordance with Statement of Position SOP 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition , as amended by SOP 98-9, Modification of SOP 97-2,
Software Revenue Recognition with Respect to Certain Transactions. Revenues from software license
agreements are recognized when persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, delivery of the product
has occurred, no significant vendor obligations are remaining to be fulfilled, the fee is fixed and
determinable, and collection is probable. Revenue from software contracts that require significant
production, modification, customization, or implementation is recognized in accordance with SOP
81-1, Accounting For Performance of

25 

Table of Contents 

Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts . Revenue from these arrangements for both
licenses and professional services are recognized together using the percentage of completion
method based upon the ratio of labor incurred to total estimated labor to complete each contract.
In instances where there is a term license combined with services, revenue is recognized ratably
over the term. We record estimated reductions to revenue for customer incentive offerings,
including volume-based incentives and rebates. We record revenues net of an allowance for
estimated return activities. Return activity was immaterial to revenue and results of operations
for all periods presented.

We believe the following judgments and estimates have a significant effect on our consolidated
financial statements:

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. These allowances are based
on specific facts and circumstances surrounding individual customers as well as our historical
experience. The adequacy of the reserves for doubtful accounts is continually assessed by
periodically evaluating each customer s receivable balance, considering our customers financial
condition and credit history, and considering current economic conditions. Historically, our
reserves have been adequate to cover all losses associated with doubtful accounts. If the financial
condition of our customers were to deteriorate, impairing their ability to make payments,
additional allowances may be required. If economic or political conditions were to change in the
countries where we do business, it could have a significant impact on the results of operations,
and our ability to realize the full value of our accounts receivable. Furthermore, we are dependent
on customers in the retail markets. Economic difficulties experienced in those markets could have a
significant impact on our results of operations and our ability to realize the full value of our
accounts receivables. If our historical experiences changed by 10 , it would require an increase or
decrease of 0.4 million to our reserve.

Inventory Valuation. We write down our inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable items
equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value
based upon assumptions of future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less
favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. If
our estimates were to change by 10 , it would cause a change in inventory value of 0.7 million.

Valuation of Long-lived Assets. Our long-lived assets include property, plant, and equipment,
goodwill, and identified intangible assets. With the exception of goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets, long-lived assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful
lives, and are reviewed for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is determined based upon our estimates of future
undiscounted cash flows. If the carrying value is determined to be not recoverable an impairment
charge would be necessary to reduce the recorded value of the assets to their fair value. The fair
value of the long-lived assets other than goodwill is based upon appraisals, quoted market prices
of similar assets, or discounted cash flows.

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to tests for impairment at least
annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be recoverable. We test for impairment on an annual basis as of fiscal month end
October of each fiscal year, relying on a number of factors including operating results, business
plans, and anticipated future cash flows. Our management uses its judgment in assessing whether
goodwill has become impaired between annual impairment tests. Reporting units are primarily
determined as the geographic areas comprising our business segments, except in situations when
aggregation of the reporting units is appropriate pursuant to FAS 142. Recoverability of goodwill
is evaluated using a two-step process. The first step involves a comparison of the fair value of a
reporting unit with its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the
fair value, then the second step of the process involves a comparison of the implied fair value and
carrying value of the goodwill of that reporting unit. If the carrying value of the goodwill of a
reporting unit exceeds the fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an
amount equal to the excess.

The implied fair value of our reporting units is dependent upon our estimate of future discounted
cash flows and other factors. Our estimates of future cash flows include assumptions concerning
future operating performance and economic conditions and may differ from actual future cash flows.
Estimated future cash flows are adjusted by an appropriate discount rate derived from our market
capitalization plus a suitable control premium at the date of evaluation. The financial and credit
market volatility directly impacts our fair value measurement through our weighted average cost of
capital that we use to determine our discount rate and through our stock price that we use to
determine our market capitalization. Therefore, changes in the stock price may also affect the
amount of impairment recorded. Market capitalization is determined by multiplying the shares
outstanding on the assessment date by the average market price of our common stock over a 30-day
period before each assessment date. We use this 30-day duration to consider inherent market
fluctuations that may affect any individual closing price. We believe that our market
capitalization alone does not fully capture the fair value of our business as a whole, or the
substantial value that an acquirer would obtain from its ability to obtain control of our business.
As such, in determining fair value, we add a control premium to our market capitalization. To
estimate the control premium, we considered our unique competitive advantages that would likely
provide synergies to a market participant. In addition, we considered external market factors which
we believe contributed to the decline and volatility in our stock price that did not reflect our
underlying fair value.

We have not made any material changes in the methodology used in the assessment of whether or not
goodwill is impaired during the past three fiscal years. Determining the fair value of a reporting
unit is a matter of judgment and often involves the use of significant

26 

Table of Contents 

estimates and assumptions. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated
discounted future cash flows and could increase or decrease an impairment charge. If the use of
these assets or the projections of future cash flows change in the future, we may be required to
record impairment charges. An erosion of future business results in any of the business units could
create impairment in goodwill or other long-lived assets and require a significant charge in future
periods. (See Notes 1 and 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.)

Income Taxes. In determining income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain
estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments affect the calculation of certain tax
liabilities and the determination of recoverability of certain of the deferred tax assets, which
arise from temporary differences between tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and
expense. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that it is
more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we
consider future taxable income by tax jurisdictions and tax planning strategies. If we were to
determine that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net
recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such
determination was made. Likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or
part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would
decrease income in the period such determination was made. (See Note 13 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.)

Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the
future. We are not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect on our results of
operations, cash flows or financial position.

In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the
application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global
operations. We record tax liabilities for the anticipated settlement of tax audit issues in the
U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which,
additional taxes will be due. Our income tax expense includes amounts intended to satisfy income
tax assessments that result from these audit issues in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an
interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (FIN 48). Determining the income tax expense for these
potential assessments and recording the related assets and liabilities requires management
judgments and estimates. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate
resolution may result in a payment that is different from our estimate of tax liabilities. If
payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be greater or less than the recorded amounts, the
change of the liabilities would result in tax expense or benefit being recognized in that period.
We evaluate our uncertain tax positions in accordance with FIN 48. We believe that our reserve for
uncertain tax positions, including related interest, is adequate.

Pension Plans. We have various unfunded pension plans outside the U.S. These plans have
significant pension costs and liabilities that are developed from actuarial valuations. Inherent in
these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates, expected return on plan assets,
mortality rates, and merit and promotion increases. We are required to consider current market
conditions, including changes in interest rates, in selecting these assumptions. Changes in the
related pension costs or liabilities may occur in the future due to changes in the assumptions. A
change in discount rates of 0.25 would have less than a 0.1 million effect on pension expense.

Stock Compensation. We recognize stock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment
awards granted after December 25, 2005 and granted prior to but not yet vested as of December 25,
2005, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 123R Share-Based
Payment (SFAS 123R). Under the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123R, we recognize
share-based compensation, net of an estimated forfeiture rate, and only recognize compensation cost
for those shares expected to vest. For awards granted after the SFAS 123R adoption date we
recognize the expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. For
non-vested awards granted prior to the adoption date, we continue to use the ratable expense
allocation method. Prior to SFAS 123R adoption, we accounted for share-based payments under
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees (APB 25) and
accordingly, recognized compensation expense only when we granted options with a discounted
exercise price.

Determining the fair value of share-based payment awards requires the input of highly subjective
assumptions, including the expected life of the share-based payment awards and stock price
volatility. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards
represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use different
assumptions, our share-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In
addition, we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for
those shares expected to vest. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from our
estimate, the share-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have
recorded in the current period. A change in the estimated forfeiture rate of 10 would have a 0.2
million effect on stock compensation expense. As of December 28, 2008, there was 5.2 million and
 4.3 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested stock options
and restricted stock units, respectively. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.3 years. (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial
Statements for further discussion on share-based compensation.)

27 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity needs have related to, and are expected to continue to relate to, acquisitions,
capital investments, product development costs, potential future restructuring related to the
rationalization of the business, and working capital requirements. We have met our liquidity needs
over the last four years primarily through cash generated from operations. Based on an analysis of
liquidity utilizing conservative assumptions for 2009, we believe that cash provided from operating
activities and funding available under our current credit agreements should be adequate to service
debt and working capital needs, meet our capital investment requirements, other potential
restructuring requirements, and product development requirements.

The recent financial and credit crisis has reduced credit availability and liquidity for many
companies. We believe, however, that the strength of our core business, cash position, access to
credit markets, and our ability to generate positive cash flow will sustain us through this
challenging period. We are working to reduce our liquidity risk by accelerating efforts to improve
working capital while reducing expenses in areas that will not adversely impact the future
potential of our business. Additionally, we have increased our monitoring of counterparty risk. We
evaluate the creditworthiness of all existing and potential counterparties for all debt,
investment, and derivative transactions and instruments. Our policy allows us to enter into
transactions with nationally recognized financial institutions with an S P rating of A or higher.
The maximum exposure permitted to any single counterparty is 50.0 million. Counterparty credit
ratings and credit exposure are monitored monthly and reviewed quarterly by our Treasury Risk
Committee.

As of December 28, 2008, our cash and cash equivalents were 132.2 million compared to 118.3
million as of December 30, 2007. Cash and cash equivalents
increased in 2008 primarily due to 77.2
million in cash from operating activities, partially offset by 54.7 million of cash used in
investing activities. Cash from operating activities improved 10.2 million in 2008 compared to 2007
due primarily to improvements in accounts receivables and a decrease in inventory offset by a
negative cash impact related to lower accounts payable and lower earnings. The improvement in
accounts receivable in 2008 resulted primarily from large chain-wide installation revenue billed at
the end of 2007 and collected in 2008 coupled with a concentrated effort to improve working capital
through enhanced collection efforts and increased monitoring of inventory levels. The decline in
inventory and accounts payable were the result of lower revenue and backlog at the end of 2008
compared to 2007. Cash used in investing activities was 51.4 million less in 2008 compared to
2007. This was due primarily to the amount paid in the acquisition of Alpha and SIDEP in 2007
compared to the OATSystems acquisition in 2008. Our percentage of total debt to stockholders equity
in 2008 increased to 28.8 from 16.2 as a result of the impact of the fourth quarter loss on
equity and an increase in debt to fund acquisitions and repurchase of stock. As of December 28,
2008, our working capital was 282.8 million compared to 297.1 million as of December 30, 2007.

During the first half of 2008, we executed our previously approved stock repurchase program in
which we are authorized to purchase up to two million shares of the Company s common stock. In
total, we repurchased two million shares of our common stock at an average cost of 25.42, spending
a total of 50.9 million. Prior to 2008, no shares were repurchased under this plan. As of December
28, 2008, no shares remain available for purchase under the current program. Common stock obtained
by the Company through the repurchase program has been added to our treasury stock holdings.

We continue to reinvest in the Company through our investment in our technology and process
improvement. In 2008, our investment in research and development amounted to 22.6 million, as
compared to 18.2 million in 2007. These amounts are reflected in the cash generated from
operations, as we expense our research and development as it is incurred. In 2009, we anticipate
spending of approximately 24 million on research and development to support achievement of our
strategic plan.

Our capital expenditures during fiscal 2008 totaled 15.2 million, compared to 13.4 million during
fiscal 2007. We anticipate capital expenditures to be used primarily to upgrade technology and
improve our production capabilities to approximately 18 million in 2009.

We have various unfunded pension plans outside the U.S. These plans have significant pension costs
and liabilities that are developed from actuarial valuations. For fiscal 2008, our contribution to
these plans was 4.7 million. Our funding expectation for 2009 is 4.8 million. We believe our
current cash position, cash generated from operations, and the availability of cash under our
revolving line of credit will be adequate to fund these requirements. The contractual obligation
table details our anticipated funding requirements related to pension obligations for the next ten
years.

In June 2008, the Company purchased the business of OATSystems, Inc., a privately held company, for
approximately 37.2 million, net of cash acquired of 0.9 million, and including the assumption of
 3.2 million of OATSystems, Inc. debt. The transaction was paid in cash. Additionally, we acquired
 1.3 million in liabilities.

In January 2008, the Company purchased the business of Security Corporation, Inc., a privately held
company, for 7.9 million plus 1.0 million of liabilities acquired. The transaction was paid in
cash.

28 

Table of Contents 

On November 1, 2007, Checkpoint Systems, Inc. and one of its direct subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company and Alpha Security Products, Inc. and one of its direct subsidiaries (collectively, the
Seller entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and a Dutch Assets Sale and Transfer Agreement
(collectively, the Agreements under which the Company purchased all of the assets of Alpha s S3
business (the Acquisition for approximately 142 million, subject to a post-closing working
capital adjustment, plus additional performance-based contingent payments up to a maximum of 8
million plus interest thereon. The purchase price was funded by 67 million of cash and 75 million
of borrowings under our senior unsecured credit facility. Subject to the Agreements, contingent
payments were earned if the revenue derived from the S3 business exceeded 70 million during the
period from December 31, 2007, until December 28, 2008. In the event that the revenue derived from
the S3 business exceeded 83 million during such period, the Seller was entitled to a maximum
payment of 8 million. During the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2008, revenues for the
S3 business exceeded the minimum contingency payment thresholds. An accrual of 6.8 million is
recognized at December 28, 2008 for the contingent payment, with a corresponding increase to
goodwill recorded on the acquisition. Payment of the 6.8 million is required to occur before
February 28, 2009.

In November 2007, we purchased SIDEP, a provider of RF-EAS products. Upon closing, we also acquired
the remaining minority interests in a SIDEP subsidiary, Shanghai Asialco Electronics Co., Ltd.
(Asialco), a China-based manufacturer of RF-EAS labels. The total purchase price for these
acquisitions was 27.9 million, net of cash acquired. The purchase agreement was structured with
deferred payments to the minority interest owners of Asialco of 9.3 million. These payments will
be paid over a three-year period from the date of acquisition and were recorded as a liability on
the date of acquisition. As part of the acquisition, we acquired 3.4 million (RMB25 million) of
outstanding debt of Asialco. The loans were paid down in April and May 2008 and were renewed for 12
month periods under the original terms of the loan agreement. As of December 28, 2008, the
outstanding Asialco loan balance is 3.6 million (RMB25 million) and has an interest rate of 5.31 .
The loans are collateralized by land and buildings with an aggregate carrying value of 6.0 million
at December 28, 2008. The loans mature at various times through May 2009.

On September 14, 2007, the Company received cash of 2.2 million from the release of the escrow
account related to the Bar-code divestiture. Prior to the release, the escrow account value was
recorded as restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheet.

In May 2007, the Company purchased the business of SSE Southeast, LLC, for 5.1 million plus 1.0
million of liabilities acquired. The transaction was paid in cash.

In January 2007, the Company purchased the business of Security Systems Technology, Inc., a
privately held company, for 0.8 million plus 0.3 million of liabilities acquired. The transaction
was paid in cash.

At December 31, 2006, the 1.0 billion 8.4 million) short-term revolving loan facility had an
outstanding balance of 600 million 5.0 million) and availability of 400 million 3.4 million).
During the first quarter of 2007, we repaid the loan facility with proceeds from our unsecured
revolving credit facility and cash from operations.

At December 28, 2008, our 8.8 million 800 million) Japanese local line of credit had an outstanding balance of 7.7 million 700 million)
and availability of 1.1 million 100 million). The line of credit expires in March 2009. We expect
to renew the line of credit upon its maturity.

On March 4, 2005, we entered into a new 150.0 million five-year senior unsecured multi-currency
revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders. The Credit Agreement
replaced the 375.0 million senior collateralized multi-currency credit facility arranged in
December 1999. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest rates of LIBOR plus an
applicable margin ranging from 0.75 to 1.75 and/or prime plus 0.00 to 0.50 . The interest rate
matrix is based on our leverage ratio of funded debt to EBITDA, as defined by the Credit Agreement.
Under the Credit Agreement, we pay an unused line fee ranging from 0.18 to 0.30 per annum on the
unused portion of the commitment. At December 28, 2008, we had 133.6 million outstanding under
this facility. Our available line of credit under this agreement is 15.2 million. Our availability
under this facility was reduced by letters of credit totaling 1.2 million. There are no
restrictions on our ability to draw down on the available portion of our line of credit.

The senior unsecured credit facility increased by 42.1 million since December 30, 2007. The
increase in borrowings was primarily used to finance our stock repurchase program and the
OATSystems, Inc. acquisition.

We are currently in the process of negotiating a renewal of our Credit Agreement. We anticipate
this renewal to be completed during the first half of 2009.

The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that include requirements for a maximum ratio of
debt to EBITDA, a maximum ratio of interest to EBITDA, and a maximum threshold for capital
expenditures. At December 28, 2008, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. Based
upon our projections, we currently do not anticipate any issues with meeting our existing debt
covenants during fiscal 2009.

29 

Table of Contents 

We have never paid a cash dividend (except for a nominal cash distribution in April 1997 to redeem
the rights outstanding under our 1988 Shareholders Rights Plan). We do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends in the near future.

As we continue to implement our strategic plan in a volatile global economic environment, our focus
will remain on operating our business in a manner that addresses the reality of the current
economic marketplace without sacrificing the capability to effectively execute our strategy when
economic conditions and the retail environment stabilize. Based upon an analysis of liquidity
using our current forecast, management believes that our anticipated cash needs can be funded from
cash and cash equivalents on hand, the availability of cash under the 150.0 million revolving
credit facility, and cash generated from future operations for the 2009 fiscal year.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not utilize material off-balance sheet arrangements apart from operating leases that have, or
are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources. We use operating leases as an alternative to purchasing certain property, plant,
and equipment. Our future rental commitment under all non-cancelable operating leases was 42.7
million as of December 28, 2008. The scheduled timing of these rental commitments is detailed in
our Contractual Obligations section.

Contractual Obligations 

Our contractual obligations and commercial commitments at December 28, 2008 are summarized below:

Contractual Obligation 

Due in less 

Due in 

Due in 

Due after 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Total 

than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

5 years 

Long-term debt (1)

138,400 

4,098 

134,302 

Capital leases (2)

372 

258 

98 

16 

Operating leases

42,723 

14,613 

17,288 

7,721 

3,101 

Pension obligations (3)

50,793 

4,375 

9,420 

10,136 

26,862 

Acquisition obligation (4)

14,216 

9,476 

4,740 

Inventory purchase commitments (5)

10,241 

6,421 

3,799 

21 

Total contractual cash obligations

256,745 

39,241 

169,647 

17,894 

29,963 

Commercial Commitments 

Due in less 

Due in 

Due in 

Due after 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Total 

than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

5 years 

Standby letters of credit

1,181 

1,181 

Surety bonds

2,387 

2,285 

102 

Total commercial commitments

3,568 

3,466 

102 

(1) 
 
 Includes interest payments through maturity of 4,804. 

(2) 
 
 Includes interest payments through maturity of 34. 

(3) 
 
 Amounts represent undiscounted projected benefit payments to our
unfunded plans over the next 10 years. The expected benefit payments
are estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure our
accumulated benefit obligation at the end of 2008 and include benefits
attributable to estimated future employee service of current
employees. 

(4) 
 
 The acquisition obligation represents 5.4 million of deferred
payments to the minority shareholders of Shanghai Asialco Electronics
Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of SIDEP coupled with a 2.0 million deferred
payment on a non-compete contract related to the acquisition.
Additionally, the acquisition obligation includes the 6.8 million
contingent liability related to our acquisition of the Alpha S3
business. 

(5) 
 
 Inventory purchase commitments represent the Company s legally binding
agreements to purchase fixed or minimum quantities of goods at
determinable prices. 

The table above excludes our gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including accrued
interest and penalties, which totaled 18.5 million as of December 28, 2008, since we cannot
predict with reasonable reliability the timing of cash settlements to the respective taxing
authorities.

30 

Table of Contents 

Pension Plans 

We maintain several defined benefit pension plans, principally in Europe. The majority of these
pension plans are unfunded. Our pension expense for 2008 was 5.7 million. Included in pension
expense in 2008 is a pension settlement of 37,000. Our pension expense for 2007 was 5.5 million.
Included in pension expense in 2007 is a pension settlement of
 0.5 million.

We review our pension assumptions annually. Our assumptions for the year ended December 28, 2008,
were a discount rate of 5.75 , an expected return of 3.75 and an expected rate of increase in
future compensation of 2.77 . In developing the discount rate assumption, we considered the
estimated plan durations of each of our plans and selected a rate of a corresponding length of
time. The source of the discount rate was obtained by comparing the yields available on AA rated
corporate bonds in the Eurozone, specifically the iboxx AA 10 index. This resulted in a discount
rate of 5.75 for 2008 and 5.50 for 2007. The expected rate of the return was developed using the
historical rate of returns of the foreign government bonds currently held. This resulted in the
selection of a long-term rate of return on plan assets of 3.75 for 2008 and 4.25 for 2007.

As of December 31, 2006, we have adopted the recognition provisions of SFAS 158 Employers 
Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R) and as a result, we recognized the previously unrecognized
losses into the accrued pension liability with an offsetting charge to accumulated other
comprehensive income. The total amount recognized for losses in accumulated other comprehensive
income as of December 31, 2006 was 14.7 million. As of December 25, 2005, these amounts were
unrecognized and amounted to 14.5 million. The primary component of the unrecognized losses are
actuarial losses, a transition obligation, and prior period service costs. The change in actuary
losses during 2008 was attributable to changes in the discount rate as the bond yields have
increased. Unrecognized losses are amortized over the average remaining service period of the
employees expected to receive the benefit in accordance with pension accounting rules. The weighted
average remaining service period is approximately 13 years. The impact of recognizing the actuarial
gains on 2008, 2007, and 2006 pension expense are 0.1 million, 0.6 million, and 0.7 million,
respectively. The total projected amortization for these gains in 2009 is approximately 0.1
million.

Exposure to Foreign Currency 

We manufacture products in the U.S., the Caribbean, the U.K., Europe, and the Asia Pacific regions
for both the local marketplace, and for export to our foreign subsidiaries. These subsidiaries, in
turn, sell these products to customers in their respective geographic areas of operation, generally
in local currencies. This method of sale and resale gives rise to the risk of gains or losses as a
result of currency exchange rate fluctuations on the inter-company receivables and payables.
Additionally, the sourcing of products in one currency and the sales of products in a different
currency can cause gross margin fluctuations due to changes in currency exchange rates.

We selectively purchase currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the risks of currency
fluctuations on short-term inter-company receivables and payables. These contracts guarantee a
predetermined exchange rate at the time the contract is purchased. This allows us to shift the
effect of positive or negative currency fluctuations to a third party. As of December 28, 2008, we
had currency forward exchange contracts with a notional amount totaling approximately 9.7 million.
The contracts are in various local currencies primarily covering our Western European, Canadian,
Japan, and Australian operations. Historically, we have not purchased currency forward exchange
contracts where it is not economically efficient, specifically for our operations in South America
and Asia.

During the second quarter of 2007, the Company entered into a foreign currency option contract, at
a notional amount of 5 million, to mitigate the effect of fluctuating foreign exchange rates on
the reporting of a portion of its expected 2007 foreign currency denominated earnings. Changes in
the fair value of this foreign currency option contract, which was not designated as a hedge, are
recorded in earnings immediately. The premium paid on the option contract was 73,000. The foreign
currency option contract expired on December 28, 2007. The fair market value on this option at the
expiration date was zero.

31 

Table of Contents 

Hedging Activity 

During 2008, we entered into various foreign currency contracts to reduce our exposure to
forecasted 2008 and 2009 Euro-denominated inter-company revenues. These contracts were designated
as cash flow hedges. The foreign currency contracts mature at various dates from January 2009 to
September 2009. The purpose of these cash flow hedges is to eliminate the currency risk associated
with Euro-denominated forecasted revenues due to changes in exchange rates. As of December 28,
2008, the fair value of these cash flow hedges were reflected as a 48,000 liability and are
included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The total
notional amount of these hedges is 15.1 million 10.7 million) and the unrealized gain recorded
in other comprehensive income was 1.5 million. During the year ended December 28, 2008, a 0.6
million benefit related to these foreign currency hedges was recorded to cost of goods sold as the
inventory was sold to external parties. As of December 28, 2008, deferred net gains or losses on
derivative instruments included in accumulated other comprehensive income that are expected to be
reclassified as earnings during the next twelve months is approximately 1.5 million. During the
year ended December 28, 2008, a 0.6 million benefit related to these foreign currency hedges was
recorded to cost of goods sold as the inventory was sold to external parties. We recognized no gain
or loss during the year ended December 28, 2008 for hedge ineffectiveness.

During the first quarter of 2008, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional
amount of 40 million and a maturity date of February 18, 2010. The purpose of this interest rate
swap agreement is to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature
of our senior unsecured credit facility. This interest rate swap was designated as a cash flow
hedge under SFAS 133. As of December 28, 2008, the fair value of the interest rate swap agreement
was reflected as a 0.9 million liability and is included in other long-term liabilities in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We recognized no gain or loss during the year ended
December 28, 2008 for hedge ineffectiveness.

Provision for Restructuring 

Restructuring expense for the periods ended December 28, 2008, December 30, 2007, and December 31,
2006 were as follows:

(dollar amounts are in thousands) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Fiscal 2008 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Manufacturing Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

699 

Consulting fees

838 

2005 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

4,563 

1,215 

7,915 

Acquisition integration costs

519 

Pension curtailment

(420) 

(339) 

Pension termination benefit expense

226 

Lease termination costs

2,051 

2003 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

(253) 

(145) 

(409) 

Lease termination costs

76 

(386) 

Total

6,442 

2,701 

7,007 

Restructuring accrual activity for the periods ended December 28, 2008, and December 30, 2007, were
as follows:

(dollar amounts are in thousands) 

Charge 

Accrual at 

Charged 

Reversed 

Exchange 

Beginning 

to 

to 

Cash 

Rate 

Accrual at 

Fiscal 2008 
 
 of Year 

Earnings 

Earnings 

Payments 

Changes 

12/28/08 

Manufacturing Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

701 

(2) 

(37) 

(10) 

652 

2005 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

3,015 

5,362 

(799) 

(4,141) 

(135) 

3,302 

Acquisition restructuring costs

1,209 

(612) 

(29) 

568 

Total

4,224 

6,063 

(801) 

(4,790) 

(174) 

4,522 

32 

Table of Contents 

Charge 

Accrual at 

Charged 

Reversed 

Exchange 

Beginning 

Acquisition 

to 

to 

Cash 

Rate 

Accrual at 

Fiscal 2007 
 
 of Year 

Restructuring 

Earnings 

Earnings 

Payments 

Changes 

12/30/07 

2005 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

6,786 

2,096 

(881) 

(5,287) 

301 

3,015 

Acquisition restructuring costs (1)

1,125 

84 

1,209 

Total

6,786 

1,125 

2,096 

(881) 

(5,287) 

385 

4,224 

(1) 
 
 During 2007, restructuring costs of 1.2 million included as a
cost of the SIDEP acquisition 1.1 million related to employee
severance and 0.1 million related to the cost to abandon
facilities) were accounted for under Emerging Issues Task Force
Issue No. 95-3 Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with
Purchase Business Combinations. These costs were recognized as an
assumed liability in the acquisition and were included in the
purchase price allocation at November 9, 2007. 

Manufacturing Restructuring Plan 

In August 2008, we announced a manufacturing and supply chain restructuring program designed to
accelerate profitable growth in our Check-Net business and to support incremental improvements in
our EAS hardware and labels businesses.

For the year ended December 28, 2008, a net charge of 1.5 million was recorded in connection with
the Manufacturing Restructuring Plan. The charge was composed of 0.7 million of severance accruals
and 0.8 million of consulting fees.

The total number of employees affected by the Manufacturing Restructuring Plan were 18, of which 3
have been terminated. The remaining terminations are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal
year 2010. The anticipated total cost is expected to approximate 3.0 million to 4.0 million, of
which 1.5 million has been incurred and 0.9 million has been paid. Termination benefits are
planned to be paid one month to 24 months after termination. Upon completion, the annual savings
are anticipated to be approximately 6 million.

2005 Restructuring Plan 

In the second quarter of 2005, we initiated actions focused on reducing our overall operating
expenses. This plan included the implementation of a cost reduction plan designed to consolidate
certain administrative functions in Europe and a commitment to a plan to restructure a portion of
our supply chain manufacturing to lower cost areas. During fourth quarter 2006, we continued to
review the results of the overall initiatives and added an additional reduction focused on the
reorganization of senior management to focus on key markets and customers. This additional
restructuring reduced our management by 25 .

For the year ended December 28, 2008, a net charge of 5.1 million was recorded in connection with
the 2005 Restructuring Plan. The charge was composed of 4.6 million of severance accruals and 0.5
million related to SIDEP acquisition integration costs.

A net charge of 2.8 million was recorded in 2007 in connection with the 2005 Restructuring Plan.
The charge was composed of 1.2 million of severance accruals and 2.0 million of lease termination
and related costs, partially offset by 0.4 million related to settlements on pension liabilities
resulting from employees who left due to the restructuring plan.

A net charge of 7.8 million was recorded in 2006 in connection with the 2005 Restructuring Plan.
Included in the net charge was 7.2 million related to severance and a 0.7 million litigation
settlement accrual related to employees previously terminated according to the restructuring plan
in certain countries. Also included in the net charge was a 0.3 million pension curtailment gain
related to employees previously terminated according to the restructuring plan in certain countries
and an expense of 0.2 million for a special termination benefit provided to one employee according
to the employee s termination agreement.

The total number of employees affected by the 2005 Restructuring Plan were 858, of which 853 have
been terminated. The remaining terminations are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year
2009. The anticipated total cost is expected to approximate 30 million to 31 million, of which
 30 million has been incurred and 27 million has been paid. Termination benefits are planned to be
paid one month to 24 months after termination. Upon completion, the annual savings are anticipated
to be approximately 34 million to 35 million.

33 

Table of Contents 

2003 Restructuring Plan 

During 2008, we reversed 0.3 million of previously accrued severance and incurred 0.1 million of
lease termination costs related to the 2003 Restructuring Plan.

During 2007, we reversed 0.1 million of previously accrued severance related to the 2003
Restructuring Plan.

During 2006, we reversed 0.8 million related to the 2003 Restructuring Plan. This was composed of
 0.4 million related to the release of our lease reserve to income as we have obtained a sublease
for the property previously reserved and a 0.4 million severance reversal.

Goodwill Impairments 

We have
completed step one of our fiscal 2008 annual analysis and test for impairment of goodwill
and it was determined that certain goodwill related to the Intelligent Labels and Retail
Merchandising segments was impaired. As a result, a 59.6 million estimated impairment charge was
recorded as of December 28, 2008. The impairment charge was recorded in goodwill impairment on the
consolidated statement of operations. This amount may change upon completion of step two of the
impairment test. It is anticipated that the impairment testing will be complete by the first
quarter of fiscal 2009 at which time any required adjustments to the estimate will be recorded.
The impairment charge is attributed to a combination of a decline in market capitalization of the
Company and a decline in the estimated forecasted discounted cash flows expected by us. Fair
values exceeded their respective carrying values by more than 25 in the remaining reporting units
for which no impairment charge was recorded.

The 2007 and 2006 annual assessments did not result in an impairment charge. Significant turmoil
in the financial markets and weakness in macroeconomic conditions globally have recently
contributed to volatility in our stock price, including a significant decline in our stock price
during the third and fourth quarters of 2008 during which our stock price fluctuated from a high of
 23.43 to a low of 9.01. These factors have contributed to the estimated impairment loss recorded
in the fourth quarter ended December 28, 2008. There can be no certainty as to the duration of the
current economic conditions and their potential impact on our stock price performance or future
goodwill impairment (See Notes 1 and 5 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

Asset Impairments 

Asset impairment expense was 4.5 million, or 0.5 of revenues in 2008, without a comparable charge
in 2007.

During our 2008 goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles annual impairment test, we
determine that indefinite-lived trade mark intangible in our I-Labels segment was
impaired. As a result we recorded an impairment charge of 0.4 million in the fourth quarter of
2008. This charge was recorded in asset impairments on the consolidated statement of operations.

As a result of changes in business circumstances related to the customer relationship intangible
recognized in connection with the SIDEP/Asialco acquisition, we recorded an impairment charge of
 2.6 million in the fourth quarter ended December 28, 2008. The impairment charge was recorded in
asset impairments in the Intelligent Labels segment on the consolidated statement of operations.

In 2008, we recorded a 1.5 million fixed asset impairment. The charge consisted of 1.1 million
related to the write down of a building in France and 0.4 million related to the write down of
land and a building in Japan. These impairments were recorded in asset impairments on the
consolidated statement of operations.

Results of Operations 

(All comparisons are with the previous year, unless otherwise stated.) 

Net Revenues 

Our unit volume is driven by product offerings, number of direct sales personnel, recurring sales
and, to some extent, pricing. Our base of installed systems provides a source of recurring revenues
from the sale of disposable tags, labels, and service revenues.

Our customers are substantially dependent on retail sales, which are seasonal, subject to
significant fluctuations, and difficult to predict. In addition, current economic trends have
particularly strongly affected our customers, and consequently our net revenues may be impacted.
Such seasonality and fluctuations impact our sales. Historically, we have experienced lower sales
in the first half of each year.

34 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Statement of Operations 

The following table presents for the periods indicated certain items in the consolidated statement
of operations as a percentage of total revenues and the percentage change in dollar amounts of such
items compared to the indicated prior period:

Percentage Change 

Percentage of Total Revenues 

In Dollar Amount 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Fiscal 2008 

Fiscal 2007 

2008 

2007 

2006 

vs. 

vs. 

Year ended 
 
 (Fiscal 2008) 

(Fiscal 2007) 

(Fiscal 2006) 

Fiscal 2007 

Fiscal 2006 

Net revenues

Shrink Management Solutions

61.6 

57.4 

55.8 

18.1 

24.6 

Intelligent Labels

28.1 

31.1 

31.9 

(0.6) 

18.2 

Retail Merchandising

10.3 

11.5 

12.3 

(2.0) 

14.1 

Net revenues

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

9.9 

21.3 

Cost of revenues

58.8 

58.5 

57.6 

10.4 

23.3 

Total gross profit

41.2 

41.5 

42.4 

9.3 

18.6 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

32.4 

31.3 

33.0 

13.8 

14.9 

Research and development

2.5 

2.2 

2.8 

24.4 

(6.4) 

Restructuring expenses

0.7 

0.3 

1.0 

138.5 

(61.5) 

Asset impairment

0.5 

N/A 

N/A 

Goodwill impairment

6.5 

N/A 

N/A 

Litigation settlement

0.6 

0.3 

N/A 

N/A 

Other operating income

0.1 

0.3 

0.2 

(62.3) 

27.0 

Operating (loss) income

(1.9) 

8.0 

5.5 

(125.7) 

75.5 

Interest income

0.3 

0.7 

0.7 

(51.1) 

10.9 

Interest expense

0.6 

0.3 

0.3 

(145.8) 

8.9 

Other (loss) gain, net

(0.9) 

0.1 

0.2 

N/A 

(42.0) 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations
before income taxes and minority interest

(3.1) 

8.5 

6.1 

(141.4) 

68.1 

Income taxes

0.1 

1.5 

1.0 

(94.1) 

74.2 

Minority interest

N/A 

N/A 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(3.2) 

7.0 

5.1 

(151.0) 

66.8 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

0.1 

N/A 

(60.2) 

Net (loss) earnings

(3.2) 

7.0 

5.2 

(150.7) 

63.6 

N/A Comparative percentages are not meaningful.

35 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2008 compared to Fiscal 2007 

Net Revenues 

During 2008, revenues increased by 82.9 million, or 9.9 , from 834.2 million to 917.1 million.
Foreign currency translation had a positive impact on revenues of 33.0 million for the full year
of 2008.

(dollar amounts in millions) 

Dollar Amount 

Percentage 

Change 

Change 

December 28, 

December 30, 

Fiscal 2008 

Fiscal 2008 

2008 

2007 

vs. 

vs. 

Year ended 
 
 (Fiscal 2008) 

(Fiscal 2007) 

Fiscal 2007 

Fiscal 2007 

Net revenues:

Shrink Management Solutions

565.1 

478.5 

86.6 

18.1 

Intelligent Labels

257.6 

259.3 

(1.7) 

(0.6) 

Retail Merchandising

94.4 

96.4 

(2.0) 

(2.0) 

Net revenues

917.1 

834.2 

82.9 

9.9 

Shrink Management Solutions 

Shrink Management Solutions revenues increased by 86.6 million, or 18.1 , in 2008 compared to
2007. Foreign currency translation had a positive impact of approximately 19.6 million. The Alpha,
SIDEP and OATSystems acquisitions increased revenues in 2008 by 77.8 million. Additionally,
CheckView revenues increased 4.9 million in 2008 compared to 2007. These increases were partially
offset by a decrease of 14.1 million in EAS hardware revenues.

The CheckView business improved primarily due to increases in the U.S. of 2.6 million coupled
with an increase in Asia of 1.5 million. The U.S. CheckView revenue increase was due primarily
to an increase of 11.8 million in our U.S. banking business, partially offset by a decrease of
 9.2 million in our U.S. retail business. The U.S. banking business benefited 10.7 million due to
recent acquisitions, without comparable revenues in 2007, coupled with 1.1 million of comparable
business growth. The U.S. retail business revenue decline was due to difficult comparables in 2007
due to large 2007 installations coupled with the impact of current economic conditions on this
business resulting in reductions in 2008 orders and installations. The increase in Asia CCTV
revenues was due primarily to expansion of the business model within the region during fiscal 2008.
The U.S. CheckView business has a significant portion of its revenue growth dependent upon new
store openings which could continue to be impacted by the current decline in U.S. economic
activity.

EAS hardware revenues, excluding the benefit of foreign currency translation and acquisitions
decreased 14.1 million for 2008 compared to 2007. The decrease was due to declines in revenues of
 15.3 million in Europe and 1.9 million in Latin America, partially offset by an increase of 3.6
million in revenues in Asia. The decline in Europe was due primarily to general overall business
declines in the UK coupled with large chain-wide installations in various countries during 2007
without comparable activity in 2008. These declines in Europe revenues were partially offset by an
increase in Belgium due to a large chain-wide roll-out in 2008 without comparable revenue in 2007.
The decline in Latin America was due primarily to a decline in Mexico attributable to large
chain-wide roll-outs in 2007 without comparable revenues in 2008. The increase in Asia was due
primarily to large chain-wide roll-outs in New Zealand, Australia, and China without comparables in
2007, partially offset by a decline in Japan revenue attributable to large chain-wide roll-outs in
2007 without comparable revenues in 2008. Our EAS hardware business is dependent upon new store
openings and the liquidity and financial condition of our customers which could continue to be
impacted by current economic trends. Our plan is to partially mitigate this issue by selling new
solutions to existing customers and increasing our market share through innovative products such as
Evolve TM .

Intelligent Labels 

Intelligent Labels revenues decreased by 1.7 million, or 0.6 in 2008 compared to 2007. The
positive impact of foreign currency translation was approximately 7.5 million. Also benefiting
revenues were increases of 4.6 million and 5.7 million related to the acquisition of SIDEP and
our Check-Net business, respectively. These increases were offset by decreases in our EAS label
business and our Library business of 13.2 million and 6.3 million, respectively. The increase in
our Check-Net revenues was due primarily to an increase in revenues in the U.S. and Asia,
partially offset by a decline in our Europe revenues. The U.S. Check-Net revenue increase was due
to increased sales volume with existing large customers and an increase in orders from new
customers. We anticipate that weak economic conditions could continue to impact our Check-Net 
revenues but that our growth in orders from new customers could partially mitigate this impact. The
revenue decline in Europe and growth in Asia is due primarily to a shift in revenues to Asia for
certain customers previously serviced from Europe. Europe also experienced a decline in revenues
due to the
effects of current economic conditions of apparel retailers in the region. The EAS label revenues
were impacted by current economic conditions resulting in decreased retail sector sales resulting
in a decreased demand for labels, coupled with competitive pressures in certain regions. We
anticipate that weak economic conditions could continue to impact our EAS label volumes in future
quarters. Library revenues declined due to the transition period for our 3M distributor agreement
compared to direct sales in the prior year. We expect the library revenues to become comparable in
2009 as the transition to selling to a distributor was initiated at the beginning of fiscal 2008.

36 

Table of Contents 

Retail Merchandising 

Retail Merchandising revenues decreased by 2.0 million or 2.0 . The positive impact of foreign
currency translation was approximately 5.8 million. The decrease in our RMS business was due to a
decrease in our revenues from retail display systems of 5.2 million and a decrease in revenues of
HLS of 2.6 million. Our retail display systems decline is due to large remodel work in 2007 in
Europe and Asia without such comparable revenues in 2008. The decrease in HLS is due to increased
competition and pricing pressures as well as a general shift in market demand for HLS products as
retail scanning technology continues to grow worldwide. We anticipate RMS and HLS to continue to
face difficult revenue trends in 2009 due to impacts of current economic conditions on the RMS
business and continued shifts in market demand for HLS products.

Gross Profit 

During 2008, gross profit increased by 32.1 million, or 9.3 , from 346.0 million to 378.1
million. The benefit of foreign currency translation on gross profit was approximately 13.7
million. Gross profit, as a percentage of net revenues, decreased from 41.5 to 41.2 .

Shrink Management Solutions 

Shrink Management Solutions gross profit as a percentage of Shrink Management Solutions revenues
increased to 40.8 in 2008, from 39.8 in 2007. The increase in the gross profit percentage of
Shrink Management Solutions was due primarily to the inclusion of a full year of revenues of Alpha
products at higher margin levels in 2008 coupled with improvements in EAS Hardware margins. The EAS hardware margin improvement was due to improved inventory management
coupled with better sourcing costs for our antenna components.

Intelligent Labels 

Intelligent Labels gross profit as a percentage of Intelligent Labels revenues decreased to 39.2 
in 2008, from 42.2 in 2007. This decrease was due primarily to a decrease in EAS label gross
margin percentage and the Library business gross margin percentage for 2008 compared to 2007
coupled with an increase in lower margin Check-Net revenues as a percentage of total Intelligent
Labels revenues.

The decline in EAS label margins was due primarily to increased manufacturing variances in 2008,
which were primarily attributable to volume declines and increased production issues resulting in
labor inefficiencies and increased scrap, coupled with higher energy costs. The Library margins
were negatively impacted by the 3M deal, which shifted our business model from direct sales to
distributor revenues with lower margins.

Retail Merchandising 

The Retail Merchandising gross profit as a percentage of Retail Merchandising revenues increased to
49.4 in 2008 from 47.9 in 2007. This increase in Retail Merchandising gross profit percentage was
primarily due to improved margins in our HLS business resulting from improved manufacturing
efficiencies.

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative (SG A) expenses increased 36.1 million, or 13.8 , over 2007.
Foreign currency translation increased SG A expenses by approximately 9.5 million. SG A expenses
generated by the recently acquired Alpha, SIDEP, and OATSystems operations coupled with our banking
acquisitions accounted for 27.8 million of the increase over the prior year. SG A expenses were
additionally increased due to an increase in bad debt provisions and 1.4 million of deferred
compensation expense related to prior periods. These increases were partially offset by decreases
in management expense due to internal restructuring efforts and a decrease in compensation related
to a decrease in accrued bonuses and the reversal of stock-based compensation related to our
long-term incentive plan performance restricted stock units. In light of current economic
conditions, we are more closely monitoring the aging of individual customer receivable balances and
associated credit risk in an effort to mitigate our exposure to bad debt.

37 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development (R D) expenses were 22.6 million, or 2.5 of revenues, in 2008 and 18.2
million, or 2.2 of revenues in 2007. Foreign currency translation increased R D costs by
approximately 0.3 million. The increase of 4.4 million is largely attributed to R D expenses
generated by the recently acquired Alpha, SIDEP, and OATSystems
operations of 3.9 million.

Restructuring Expenses 

Restructuring expenses were 6.4 million, or 0.7 of revenues in 2008 compared to 2.7 million or
0.3 of revenues in 2007. The current and the prior year expenses are detailed in the Provision
for Restructuring section.

Goodwill Impairment 

Goodwill Impairment expense was 59.6 million, or 6.5 of revenues in 2008, without a comparable
charge in 2007. The current year expense is detailed in the Goodwill Impairment section
following Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Asset Impairment 

Asset Impairment expense was 4.5 million, or 0.5 of revenues in 2008, without a comparable charge
in 2007. The current year expense is detailed in the Asset Impairment section following
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Litigation Settlement 

Litigation Settlement expense was 6.2 million in 2008, without a comparable charge in 2007. The
litigation settlement expense is primarily attributed to a 5.7 million litigation accrual recorded
during the fourth quarter of 2008 related to a patent infringement counter suit in which the
Company was found to be liable for the other party s associated legal fees. The Company plans to
appeal the ruling but has accrued the full amount of the judgment. The remaining 0.5 million of
the litigation expense was due to a contract settlement with a product manufacturer in the third
quarter of 2008. We do not anticipate any additional charges related to this issue.

Other Operating Income 

In 2008, other operating income of 1.0 million was recorded due to the sale of our Czech Republic
subsidiary, which is now operating as a distributor of our products.

In 2007, other operating income of 2.6 million was recorded due to the sale of our Austrian
subsidiary. This sale resulted from our plan to move this business to an indirect sales model.

Interest Income and Interest Expense 

Interest income for 2008 decreased 2.8 million from the comparable period in 2007.
The decrease in interest income was due to lower cash balances during
2008 compared to 2007.

Interest expense for 2008 increased 3.4 million from the comparable period in 2007. The increase
in interest expense was due to higher debt levels in 2008 compared to 2007. Increased borrowings
in 2008 were primarily used to finance our stock repurchase program and the OATSystems, Inc.
acquisition. 

Other Gain (Loss), net 

Other gain (loss), net was a loss of 8.9 million for 2008 compared to a net gain of 0.7 million
for 2007. The increase in loss for 2008 was due primarily to losses on foreign currency. The
primary drivers of the increase in foreign currency loss were fluctuations in the value of the U.S.
Dollar to the Euro and the Japanese Yen, as well as the Euro to the British Pound.

Income Taxes 

The effective rate of tax at December 28, 2008 was 2.5 . At December 30, 2007, the effective tax
rate was 17.2 . The 2008 tax rate includes a 1.2 million change in tax reserves and a net
valuation allowance benefit of 2.9 million. The main components of the valuation allowance
benefit was a release of 4.7 million relating to net operating losses in Brazil, a charge of 1.2
million in connection to our United Kingdom operations, and a charge
of 0.8 million in connection
to state net operating losses. A charge of 0.7 million was recorded related to tax audits settled
in the current year. In addition, an income tax benefit was not recorded in 2008
on 58.5 million of the 59.6 million impairment as it
related to non-deductible goodwill. The
2007 tax rate includes a 1.9 million change in tax reserves, a net valuation allowance benefit of
 3.2 million, a 1.0 million tax benefit relating to statutory tax rate changes, and a 0.9 million
tax benefit relating to the sale of our Austrian subsidiary. The two main changes to the valuation
allowance in 2007 were a release of 5.4 million relating to state net operating losses and a charge
of 2.7 million in connection to our United Kingdom operations. The 2007 effective tax rate was
positively impacted by a reduction of valuation allowances and tax reserves of 2.0 million. In
addition, the Company recorded a 1.7 million reduction in foreign tax, primarily associated with a
change in tax law in Germany.

38 

Table of Contents 

In 2007, we recorded an adjustment of 2.1 million to reduce deferred income tax expense, and
increase earnings from continuing operations and net earnings. We have determined that this
adjustment related to errors made in prior years associated with the impact of changes in statutory
rates on deferred taxes. Had these errors been recorded in the proper periods, earnings from
continuing operations and net earnings as reported would increase by 0.2 million in 2006 and
increase by 1.9 million for years prior to 2005. We have determined that these adjustments did not
have a material effect on the current and prior years financial statements. Without the reduction
to our income tax provision our 2007 effective rate would have been 20.3 rather than 17.2 .

Earnings from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax 

There were no earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, for 2008. Earnings from
discontinued operations, net of tax, were 0.4 million in 2007. The 2007 earnings were primarily
due to adjustments related to the sale in 2006 of our barcode business.

Net
(Loss) Earnings 

Net
(loss) earnings were 29.8) million, or 0.76) per diluted share, for 2008 compared to 58.8
million, or 1.44 per diluted share, for 2007. The weighted average number of shares used in the
diluted earnings per share computation were 39.4 million and 40.7 million for 2008 and 2007,
respectively.

Fiscal 2007 compared to Fiscal 2006 

Net Revenues 

During 2007, revenues increased by 146.4 million, or 21.3 , from 687.8 million to 834.2 million.
Foreign currency translation had a positive impact on revenues of 39.4 million for the full year
of 2007.

(dollar amounts in millions) 

Dollar Amount 

Percentage 

Change 

Change 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Fiscal 2007 

Fiscal 2007 

2007 

2006 

vs. 

vs. 

Year ended 
 
 (Fiscal 2007) 

(Fiscal 2006) 

Fiscal 2006 

Fiscal 2006 

Net revenues:

Shrink Management Solutions

478.5 

383.9 

94.6 

24.6 

Intelligent Labels

259.3 

219.4 

39.9 

18.2 

Retail Merchandising

96.4 

84.5 

11.9 

14.1 

Net revenues

834.2 

687.8 

146.4 

21.3 

Shrink Management Solutions 

Shrink Management Solutions revenues increased by 94.6 million or 24.6 in 2007 compared to 2006.
The positive impact of foreign currency translation was approximately 19.9 million. The increase
in revenues was primarily due to an increase in EAS Hardware and CheckView revenues of 29.4
million and 30.5 million, respectively. Shrink Management Solutions revenues also benefited 11.7
million from the Alpha acquisition. EAS Hardware revenue increased 20.7 million in Europe, 5.9
million in Asia Pacific, and 3.9 million in International Americas. The increase in Europe EAS
Hardware was due to large chain-wide roll-outs, primarily in France and Spain. The increase in
Asia was due primarily to a large chain-wide roll-out in Australia and continued growth in our Hong
Kong distribution unit. The International Americas revenue increased due to large chain-wide
roll-outs, primarily in Mexico. The CCTV business improved due to a larger number of installations
with existing customers in 2007 compared to 2006.

Intelligent Labels 

Intelligent Labels revenues increased by 39.9 million, or 18.2 , over last year. The positive
impact of foreign currency translation was approximately 11.4 million. The remaining revenue
growth was primarily due to an increase in our Check-Net business of 30.4 million,
partially offset by a decrease in our Library business of 2.6 million. Check-Net 
business revenue benefited
 22.9 million due to the ADS acquisition and continued the strong growth of its base business during
fiscal 2007. Library revenues declined due to the transition period for shifting the business
strategy to our new Library Patron Services business model.

39 

Table of Contents 

Retail Merchandising 

Retail Merchandising revenues increased by 11.9 million, or 14.1 , in 2007 compared to 2006. The
positive impact of foreign currency translation was approximately 8.0 million. The remaining
increase was due primarily to increases in sales of our retail display systems in Europe of 3.1
million and Asia Pacific of 1.2 million.

Gross Profit 

During 2007, gross profit increased by 54.3 million, or 18.6 , from 291.7 million to 346.0
million. The benefit of foreign currency translation on gross profit was approximately 15.4
million. Gross profit, as a percentage of net revenues, decreased from 42.4 to 41.5 .

Shrink Management Solutions 

Shrink Management Solutions gross profit increased from 38.9 in 2006 to 39.8 in 2007. The
increase in Shrink Management Solutions gross profit percentage was due primarily to improved
margins in our EAS Hardware business, due to higher volumes which allowed us to leverage fixed
field service costs. For fiscal years 2007 and 2006, field service and installation costs were
16.9 and 18.6 of Shrink Management Solutions revenue, respectively.

Intelligent Labels 

Intelligent Labels gross profit decreased from 45.9 in 2006 to 42.2 in 2007. This decrease in
Intelligent Labels gross profit percentage was primarily due to the increased proportion of the
Check-Net business in the segment with lower margins. Additionally,
Check-Net margins decreased from the prior year due to manufacturing inefficiencies and
competitive pricing pressures, which further impacted the Intelligent Labels gross profit.

Retail Merchandising 

Retail Merchandising gross profit decreased from 49.2 in 2006 to 47.9 in 2007. This decrease was
due primarily to margin decreases in our retail display business due primarily to pricing
pressures.

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 33.9 million, or 14.9 , from 227.0
million in 2006 to 260.9 million in 2007. Foreign currency translation increased selling, general,
and administrative expenses by approximately 11.5 million. SG A expenses generated by the recently
acquired ADS operations accounted for 10.3 million of the increase over the prior year and SG A
expenses generated by the recently acquired Alpha operations accounted for 2.9 million of the
increase over the prior year. In addition, in 2007, 4.4 million of SG A expenses were recorded
related to the CEO transition. The increase was also due to increased sales and marketing expenses
to support our higher revenue base, which was partially offset by lower management expenses
resulting from our restructuring initiatives.

Research and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 18.2 million, or 2.2 , of revenues in 2007 and 19.4 million,
or 2.8 , in 2006.

Restructuring Expenses 

Restructuring expenses were 2.7 million in 2007 compared to 7.0 million in 2006. The current and
the prior year expense are detailed in the Provisions for Restructuring section.

Litigation Settlement 

Litigation expense was 2.3 million for 2006. This was a result of the settlement of a class action
suit arising from the anti-trust litigation with ID Security Systems Canada, Inc.

40 

Table of Contents 

Other Operating Income 

In 2007, other operating income of 2.6 million was recorded due to the sale of our Austrian
subsidiary. This sale resulted from our plan to move this business to an indirect sales model.

In 2006, other operating income was recorded due to the settlement of a sublease with our tenant in
a building under a capital lease and the subsequent cancellation of that lease. The net impact of
the sublease income and impairment of the asset was 2.0 million.

Interest Income and Interest Expense 

Interest expense for 2007 increased by 0.2 million compared to 2006, primarily due to increased
borrowings in 2007 related to the Alpha acquisition. Interest income in 2007 increased by 0.5
million compared to 2006, primarily due to higher monthly cash levels during 2007 compared to 2006.

Other Gain (Loss), net 

Other gain (loss), net decreased in 2007 by 0.5 million compared to 2006. Other gain (loss), net
was greater in 2006 primarily due to transition services from the sale of our BCS business to SATO.

Income Taxes 

The effective rate of tax at December 30, 2007 was 17.2 . At December 31, 2006, the effective tax
rate was 16.6 . The 2007 tax rate includes a 1.9 million change in tax reserves, a net valuation
allowance benefit of 3.2 million, a 1.0 million tax benefit relating to statutory tax rate
changes, and a 0.9 million tax benefit relating to the sale of our Austrian subsidiary. The two
main changes to the valuation allowance was a release of 5.4 million relating to state net
operating losses and a charge of 2.7 million in connection to our United Kingdom operations. The
2006 effective tax rate was positively impacted by a reduction of valuation allowances and tax
reserves of 2.0 million. In addition, the Company recorded a 1.7 million reduction in foreign
tax, primarily associated with a change in tax law in Germany.

In 2007, we recorded an adjustment of 2.1 million to reduce deferred income tax expense, and
increase earnings from continuing operations and net earnings. We have determined that this
adjustment related to errors made in prior years associated with the impact of changes in statutory
rates on deferred taxes. Had these errors been recorded in the proper periods, earnings from
continuing operations and net earnings as reported would increase by 0.2 million in 2006 and
increase by 1.9 million for years prior to 2005. We have determined that these adjustments did not
have a material effect on the current and prior years financial statements. Without the reduction
to our income tax provision our 2007 effective rate would have been 20.3 rather than 17.2 .

Earnings from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, for 2007 decreased to 0.4 million from 0.9
million in 2006. The 2006 earnings were primarily due to the 1.4 million gain on the sale of our
barcode business.

Net Earnings 

Net earnings were 58.8 million, or 1.44 per diluted share, in 2007, compared to net earnings of
 35.9 million, or 0.89 per diluted share, in 2006. The weighted average number of shares used in
the diluted earnings per share computation was 40.7 million and 40.2 million for fiscal years 2007
and 2006, respectively.

41 

Table of Contents 

Other Matters 

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

We adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes , on January 1, 2007. As a result of adoption, we
recognized a charge of approximately 1.7 million to the January 1, 2007 retained earnings balance.
Additionally, we reclassified 13.9 million of the unrecognized tax benefits, and interest and
penalties from income taxes to other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. As of
the adoption date, we had 10.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would affect our
effective tax rate if recognized. Also as of the adoption date, we had accrued interest expense and
penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits of 3.8 million and 0.3 million, respectively.

We adopted the provisions
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 157, Fair
Value Measurements (SFAS 157) on December 31, 2007. This standard defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued
for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and interim periods within those fiscal years.
In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. FAS 157-2 (SFAS 157-2), which deferred
the effective date of SFAS 157 for all non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities,
except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a
recurring basis (at least annually) until January 1, 2009. Accordingly, our adoption of this
standard in 2008 was limited to financial assets and liabilities, which primarily affects the
valuation of our derivative contracts. In October 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 157-3,
 Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the Market for That Asset Is Not Active, 
(FSP FAS 157-3), which clarifies the application of SFAS 157 for financial assets in a market
that is not active. FSP FAS 157-3 was effective upon issuance. The adoption of FAS 157 did not have
a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The Company does not expect
the adoption of FAS 157 for non-financial assets and liabilities on December 29, 2008 to have a
material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
Non-financial assets and liabilities for which we have not applied
the provisions of SFAS 157
include those measured at fair value in impairment testing and those initially measured at fair
value in a business combination.

We adopted SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 (SFAS 159) on December 31, 2007. SFAS 159 permits
entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value.
Entities that elect the fair value option will report unrealized gains and losses in earnings at
each subsequent reporting date. The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument
basis, with few exceptions. SFAS 159 also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements to
facilitate comparisons between companies that choose different measurement attributes for similar
assets and liabilities. The adoption of SFAS 159 did not have an effect on our financial condition
or results of operations as we did not elect this fair value option, nor is it expected to have a
material impact on future periods as the election of this option for our financial instruments is
expected to be limited.

In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162,
 The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (SFAS 162). SFAS 162 identifies the sources of accounting principles and the framework
for selecting the principles to be used in the preparation of financial statements of
nongovernmental entities that are presented in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP). SFAS 162 directs the hierarchy to the entity, rather than the independent auditors, as
the entity is responsible for selecting accounting principles for financial statements that are
presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. SFAS 162 became effective on
November 15, 2008. The adoption of SFAS 162 did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

New Accounting Pronouncements and Other Standards 

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations (SFAS 141R).
SFAS 141R retains the underlying concepts of SFAS 141 in that all business combinations are still
required to be accounted for at fair value under the acquisition
method of accounting, but SFAS 141R
changed the method of applying the acquisition method in a number of significant aspects.
Acquisition costs will generally be expensed as incurred; noncontrolling interests will be valued
at fair value at the acquisition date; in-process research and development will be recorded at fair
value as an indefinite-lived intangible asset at the acquisition date, until either abandoned or
completed, at which point the useful lives will be determined; restructuring costs associated with
a business combination will generally be expensed subsequent to the acquisition date; and changes
in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties after the acquisition date
generally will affect income tax expense. SFAS 141R is effective on a prospective basis for all
business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first
annual period subsequent to December 15, 2008, with the exception of the accounting for valuation
allowances on deferred taxes and acquired tax contingencies. SFAS 141R amends SFAS No. 109,
 Accounting for Income Taxes (SFAS 109) such that adjustments made to valuation allowances on
deferred taxes and acquired tax contingencies associated with acquisitions that closed prior to the
effective date of SFAS 141R would also apply the provisions of SFAS 141R. SFAS 141R also
establishes disclosure requirements to enable the evaluation of the nature and financial effects of
the business combination. For the Company, SFAS
141R will be effective for business combinations occurring after December 28, 2008. Upon adoption,
SFAS 141R will not have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations;
however, any business combination entered into after the adoption may significantly impact our
financial position and results of operations when compared to acquisitions accounted for under
existing U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and result in more earnings
volatility and generally lower earnings due to the expensing of deal costs and restructuring costs
of acquired companies. Also, since we have significant acquired deferred tax assets for which full
valuation allowances were recorded at the acquisition date, SFAS 141R could significantly affect
the results of operations if changes in the valuation allowances occur subsequent to adoption. As
of December 28, 2008, such deferred tax valuation allowances amounted to 4.2 million. For
additional discussion on deferred tax valuation allowances, refer to
Note 13 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements in the 2008 Form 10-K.

42 

Table of Contents 

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements an amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51 (SFAS 160). SFAS 160 establishes
accounting and reporting standards for ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other
than the parent, the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the
noncontrolling interest, changes in a parent s ownership interest, and the valuation of retained
noncontrolling equity investments when a subsidiary is deconsolidated. This statement requires the
recognition of a noncontrolling interest (minority interest) as equity in the consolidated
financial statements and separate from the parent s equity. SFAS 160 also establishes disclosure
requirements that clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent and the
interests of the noncontrolling owners. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2008. As of December 28, 2008, our minority interest totaled 0.9 million, which was
included in the long-term liabilities section of our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company will
incorporate presentation and disclosure requirements as outlined in SFAS 160 in the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 29, 2009.

In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161,
 Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities (SFAS 161). SFAS 161 changes the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and
hedging activities. We will be required to provide enhanced disclosures about (a) how and why
derivative instruments are used, (b) how derivative instruments and related hedged items are
accounted for under SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging
Activities (SFAS 133), and its related interpretations, and (c) how derivative instruments and
related hedged items affect our financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. This
statement is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods
beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company will adopt this standard in the first fiscal quarter
of 2009 and believes that upon adoption, there will be no material impact on the Company s
consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

In April 2008, the FASB issued Staff Position FSP FAS 142-3, Determination of the Useful Life of
Intangible Assets (FSP FAS 142-3). FSP FAS 142-3 amends the factors that should be considered in
developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized
intangible asset under SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . The intent of FSP FAS
142-3 is to improve the consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under
SFAS 142 and the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the asset under
other accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. FSP FAS 142-3 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is prohibited. We do not expect FSP FAS
142-3 to have a material impact on our accounting for future acquisitions of intangible assets.

In June 2008, the FASB issued Staff Position FSP EITF No. 03-6-1, Determining Whether Instruments
Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities (FSP EITF 03-6-1). FSP
EITF 03-6-1 provides that unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to
dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall
be included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. FSP EITF
03-6-1 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Upon adoption, a company is required to
retrospectively adjust its earnings per share data (including any amounts related to interim
periods, summaries of earnings and selected financial data) to conform to the provisions in FSP
EITF 03-6-1. Early application of FSP EITF 03-6-1 is prohibited and will be adopted by us in the
first fiscal quarter of 2009. We do not expect that the adoption of FSP EITF 03-6-1 will have a
material impact on our calculation of EPS.

In November 2008, the FASB ratified Staff Position FSP EITF 08-6, Equity Method Investment
Accounting Considerations, (EITF 08-6). EITF 08-6 clarifies that the initial carrying value of an
equity method investment should be determined in accordance with SFAS No. 141(R).
Other-than-temporary impairment of an equity method investment should be recognized in accordance
with FSP No. APB 18-1, Accounting by an Investor for Its Proportionate Share of Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income of an Investee Accounted for under the Equity Method in Accordance with APB
Opinion No. 18 upon a Loss of Significant Influence. EITF 08-6 is effective on a prospective basis
in fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal
years, and will be adopted by us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. The adoption of EITF
08-6 will not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial
condition.

In November 2008, the FASB ratified EITF 08-7, Accounting for Defensive Intangible Assets, (EITF
08-7). EITF 08-7 applies to defensive assets which are acquired intangible assets which the
acquirer does not intend to actively use, but intends to hold to prevent its competitors from
obtaining access to the asset. EITF 08-7 clarifies that defensive intangible assets are separately
identifiable and

43 

Table of Contents 

should be accounted for as a separate unit of accounting in accordance with SFAS No. 141(R) and
SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements, or SFAS No. 157. EITF 08-7 is effective for intangible
assets acquired in fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and will be applied by us
to intangible assets acquired on or after December 29, 2008.

In November 2008, the FASB ratified EITF No. 08-8, Accounting for an Instrument (or an Embedded
Feature) with a Settlement Amount That Is Based on the Stock of an Entity s Consolidated
Subsidiary, (EITF 08-8). EITF 08-8 clarifies whether a financial instrument for which the payoff
to the counterparty is based, in whole or in part, on the stock of an entity s consolidated
subsidiary is indexed to the reporting entity s own stock and therefore should not be precluded
from qualifying for the first part of the scope exception in paragraph 11 (a) of SFAS No. 133, 
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities or from being within the scope of
EITF No. 00-19, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and, Potentially
Settled in, a Company s Own Stock. EITF 08-8 is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and will be adopted by us in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2009. The adoption of EITF 08-8 will not have a material impact on
our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

In December 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No.132 (R)-1, Employers Disclosures
about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (FSP 132R-1). FSP 132R-1 requires enhanced
disclosures about the plan assets of a Company s defined benefit pension and other postretirement
plans. The enhanced disclosures required by this FSP are intended to provide users of financial
statements with a greater understanding of: (1) how investment allocation decisions are made,
including the factors that are pertinent to an understanding of investment policies and strategies;
(2) the major categories of plan assets; (3) the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure
the fair value of plan assets; (4) the effect of fair value measurements using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) on changes in plan assets for the period; and (5) significant
concentrations of risk within plan assets. This FSP is effective for us for the fiscal year ending
December 27, 2009.

In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS No. 140-4 and FIN No. 46R-8, Disclosures by Public
Entities (Enterprises) about Transfers of Financial Assets and Interests in Variable Interest
Entities. The FSP, which is effective in the first reporting period ending after December 15,
2008, requires additional disclosures concerning continuing involvement in transfers of financial assets. The FSP also
requires additional disclosures concerning an enterprise s involvement with variable interest
entities and qualifying special purpose entities under certain conditions, none of which apply to
the Company. This standard involves disclosures only, and did not impact our consolidated results of
 operations and financial condition. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market Risk Factors 

Fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates affect our financial position and
results of operations. We enter into forward exchange contracts denominated in foreign currency to
reduce the risks of currency fluctuations on short-term inter-company
receivables and payables. We also enter into various foreign currency contracts
 to reduce our exposure to forecasted Euro-denominated inter-company revenues. We
have historically not used financial instruments to minimize our exposure to currency fluctuations
on our net investments in and cash flows derived from our foreign subsidiaries. We have used third
party borrowings in foreign currencies to hedge a portion of our net investments in and cash flows
derived from our foreign subsidiaries. As of December 28, 2008, all third party borrowings were in
the functional currency of the subsidiary borrower. Additionally, we enter, on occasion, into interest rate swaps to reduce the risk of
 significant interest rate increases in connection with our floating rate debt.

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk on our foreign currency forward exchange contracts
which represent a 0.9 million liability position as of December 28, 2008, and a zero liability
position as of December 30, 2007. The sensitivity analysis assumes an instantaneous 10 change in
foreign currency exchange rates from year-end levels, with all other variables held constant. At
December 28, 2008, a 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies would result in
an increase of 1.2 million in the net asset position, while a 10 weakening of the dollar versus
all other currencies would result in a decrease of 1.2 million.

Foreign exchange forward contracts are used to hedge certain of our firm foreign currency cash
flows. Thus, there is either an asset or cash flow exposure related to all the financial
instruments in the above sensitivity analysis for which the impact of a movement in exchange rates
would be in the opposite direction and substantially equal to the impact on the instruments in the
analysis. There are presently no significant restrictions on the remittance of funds generated by
our operations outside the U.S.

44 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

46 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007 

47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2008 

48 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2008 

49 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December
28, 2008 

50 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2008 

51 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52-83 

Financial Statement Schedules, Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

89 

45 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Checkpoint Systems, Inc.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Checkpoint Systems, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 28, 2008, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our
opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related
consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2008, based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s management is responsible
for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial
statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company s internal control over
financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in
which it accounts for uncertain tax positions in 2007.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

As described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management
has excluded OATSystems from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of
December 28, 2008 because they were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations
during 2008. We have also excluded OATSystems from our audit of internal control over financial
reporting. OATSystems is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent
3.9 and 0.3 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for
the year ended December 28, 2008.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
February 26, 2009

46 

Table of Contents 

CHECKPOINT
SYSTEMS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(dollar amounts in thousands) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2008 

2007 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents

132,222 

118,271 

Marketable securities

29 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of 18,414 and 15,839

196,664 

221,875 

Inventories

102,122 

109,329 

Other current assets

41,224 

42,914 

Deferred income taxes

22,078 

14,492 

Total Current Assets

494,310 

506,910 

REVENUE EQUIPMENT ON OPERATING LEASE, net

2,040 

4,500 

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT, net

86,735 

88,096 

GOODWILL

235,532 

274,601 

OTHER INTANGIBLES, net

113,755 

119,294 

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES

36,182 

28,591 

OTHER ASSETS

17,162 

9,052 

TOTAL ASSETS

985,716 

1,031,044 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt

11,582 

3,756 

Accounts payable

63,872 

76,404 

Accrued compensation and related taxes

32,056 

38,821 

Other accrued expenses

54,123 

43,469 

Income taxes

8,066 

4,827 

Unearned revenues

11,005 

13,615 

Restructuring reserve

4,522 

4,224 

Accrued pensions current

4,305 

4,337 

Other current liabilities

22,027 

20,401 

Total Current Liabilities

211,558 

209,854 

LONG-TERM DEBT, LESS CURRENT MATURITIES

133,704 

91,756 

ACCRUED PENSIONS

77,623 

80,549 

OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

47,928 

46,380 

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES

9,665 

13,200 

MINORITY INTEREST

924 

977 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY:

Preferred stock, no par value, authorized 500,000 shares, none issued

Common stock, par value .10 per share, authorized 100,000,000 shares,
issued 42,747,808 and 41,837,525

4,274 

4,183 

Additional capital

381,498 

360,684 

Retained earnings

173,912 

203,717 

Common stock in treasury, at cost, 4,035,912 shares and 2,035,912 shares

(71,520) 

(20,621) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax

16,150 

40,365 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

504,314 

588,328 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

985,716 

1,031,044 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

47 

Table of Contents 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Year ended 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Net revenues

917,082 

834,156 

687,775 

Cost of revenues

538,983 

488,184 

396,084 

Gross profit

378,099 

345,972 

291,691 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

296,935 

260,854 

226,958 

Research and development

22,607 

18,170 

19,417 

Restructuring expenses

6,442 

2,701 

7,007 

Asset impairment

4,510 

Goodwill impairment

59,583 

Litigation settlement

6,167 

2,251 

Other operating income

968 

2,571 

2,025 

Operating (loss) income

(17,177) 

66,818 

38,083 

Interest income

2,660 

5,443 

4,906 

Interest expense

5,768 

2,347 

2,155 

Other (loss) gain, net

(8,924) 

662 

1,141 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and
minority interest

(29,209) 

70,576 

41,975 

Income taxes expense

719 

12,174 

6,987 

Minority interest, net of tax

(123) 

(7) 

(31) 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(29,805) 

58,409 

35,019 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax of 0, 351, and 1,059

359 

903 

Net (loss) earnings

(29,805) 

58,768 

35,922 

Basic (Loss) Earnings Per Share: 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(.76) 

1.46 

.89 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

.01 

.02 

Basic (Loss) Earnings Per Share 

(.76) 

1.47 

.91 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings Per Share: 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(.76) 

1.43 

.87 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

.01 

.02 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings Per Share 

(.76) 

1.44 

.89 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

48 

Table of Contents 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Other 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Retained 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Earnings 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Income (Loss) 
 
 Equity 

Balance, December 25, 2005

40,737 

4,073 

326,950 

110,736 

2,036 

(20,621) 

(24,718) 

396,420 

Net earnings

35,922 

35,922 

Exercise of stock-based
compensation

578 

58 

8,633 

8,691 

Tax benefit on stock-based
compensation

1,836 

1,836 

Stock-based compensation expense

5,710 

5,710 

Deferred compensation plan

2,077 

2,077 

Adoption of SFAS 158, net of tax

(2,743) 

(2,743) 

Minimum pension liability
adjustment, net of tax

(121) 

(121) 

Foreign currency translation
adjustment

25,789 

25,789 

Balance, December 31, 2006

41,315 

4,131 

345,206 

146,658 

2,036 

(20,621) 

(1,793) 

473,581 

Net earnings

58,768 

58,768 

Exercise of stock-based
compensation

522 

52 

6,670 

6,722 

Tax benefit on stock-based
compensation

881 

881 

Stock-based compensation expense

6,518 

6,518 

Deferred compensation plan

1,409 

1,409 

Cumulative effect of adopting a
change in accounting for
uncertainties in income taxes
(FIN 48)

(1,709) 

(1,709) 

Amortization of pension plan
actuarial losses, net of tax

130 

130 

Unrealized gain adjustment on
marketable securities, net of
tax

16 

16 

Recognized gain on pension, net
of tax

6,755 

6,755 

Foreign currency translation
adjustment

35,257 

35,257 

Balance, December 30, 2007

41,837 

4,183 

360,684 

203,717 

2,036 

(20,621) 

40,365 

588,328 

Net loss

(29,805) 

(29,805) 

Exercise of stock-based
compensation

911 

91 

8,914 

9,005 

Tax benefit on stock-based
compensation

2,121 

2,121 

Stock-based compensation expense

7,096 

7,096 

Deferred compensation plan

2,683 

2,683 

Repurchase of common stock

2,000 

(50,899) 

(50,899) 

Amortization of pension plan
actuarial losses, net of tax

72 

72 

Change in realized and
unrealized gains on derivative
hedges, net of tax

880 

880 

Unrealized gain adjustment on
marketable securities, net of
tax

(16) 

(16) 

Recognized loss on pension, net
of tax

(169) 

(169) 

Foreign currency translation
adjustment

(24,982) 

(24,982) 

Balance, December 28, 2008

42,748 

4,274 

381,498 

173,912 

4,036 

(71,520) 

16,150 

504,314 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

49 

Table of Contents 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
(dollar amounts in thousands) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Year ended 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Net (loss) earnings

(29,805) 

58,768 

35,922 

Amortization of pension plan actuarial losses, net of tax

72 

130 

Change in realized and unrealized gains on derivative hedges, net of tax

880 

Unrealized gain adjustment on marketable securities, net of tax

(16) 

16 

Recognized (loss) gain on pension, net of tax

(169) 

6,755 

Minimum pension liability adjustment, net of tax

(121) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(24,982) 

35,257 

25,789 

Comprehensive (loss) income

(54,020) 

100,926 

61,590 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

50 

Table of Contents 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(dollar amounts in thousands) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Year ended 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings

(29,805) 

58,768 

35,922 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

30,788 

21,059 

19,504 

Deferred taxes

(13,716) 

(7,486) 

281 

Stock-based compensation

7,096 

6,518 

5,710 

Excess tax benefit on stock compensation

(2,229) 

(755) 

(1,685) 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable

5,810 

1,846 

2,442 

Gain on sublease settlement

(1,777) 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations

(359) 

(1,299) 

Gain on sale of subsidiaries

(968) 

(2,523) 

Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets

276 

(193) 

262 

Goodwill impairment

59,583 

Asset impairment

4,510 

(Increase) decrease in current assets, net of the effects of acquired companies:

Accounts receivable

(215) 

(34,186) 

(3,977) 

Inventories

5,469 

2,186 

(8,299) 

Other current assets

3,920 

(2,496) 

6,207 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities, net of the effects of acquired companies:

Accounts payable

(12,278) 

17,958 

(18,358) 

Income taxes

5,951 

(9,144) 

4,904 

Unearned revenues

(3,208) 

4,229 

(3,930) 

Restructuring reserve

546 

(2,958) 

(5,668) 

Other current and accrued liabilities

15,676 

14,507 

(7,853) 

Net cash provided by operating activities

77,206 

66,971 

22,386 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property, plant, and equipment

(15,217) 

(13,363) 

(11,520) 

Net cash (outflow) proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations

(2,159) 

26,904 

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired

(39,629) 

(94,522) 

(7,353) 

Decrease in restricted cash

2,121 

Other investing activities

142 

1,772 

(68) 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(54,704) 

(106,151) 

7,963 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from stock issuances

9,005 

7,174 

8,691 

Excess tax benefit on stock compensation

2,229 

755 

1,685 

Proceeds of short-term debt

3,582 

2,899 

14,200 

Payment of short-term debt

(3,596) 

(8,950) 

(9,873) 

Net change in factoring and bank overdrafts

(3,293) 

Proceeds of long-term debt

105,898 

6,177 

Payment of long-term debt

(65,813) 

(891) 

(18,355) 

Payment of
notes payable

(4,866) 

Purchase of treasury stock

(50,899) 

Net cash
(used in) provided by financing activities

(4,460) 

7,164 

(6,945) 

Effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents

(4,091) 

6,893 

6,767 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

13,951 

(25,123) 

30,171 

Cash and cash equivalents:

Beginning of year

118,271 

143,394 

113,223 

End of year

132,222 

118,271 

143,394 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

51 

Table of Contents 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Nature of Operations 

We are a multinational manufacturer and marketer of identification, tracking, security and
merchandising solutions for the retail industry. We provide technology-driven integrated supply
chain solutions to brand, track, and secure goods for retailers and consumer product manufacturers
worldwide. We are a leading provider of and earn revenues primarily from the sale of electronic
article surveillance (EAS), closed-circuit television (CCTV), custom tags and labels
(Check-Net ), hand-held labeling systems (HLS), retail merchandising systems (RMS), and
radio frequency identification (RFID) systems. Applications of these products include retail
security, automatic identification, and pricing and promotional labels and signage. Operating
directly in 30 countries, we have a global network of subsidiaries and distributors, and provide
customer service and technical support around the world.

Out of Period Adjustments 

During the fourth quarter of 2008, we identified an error in our financial statements related to
fiscal year 2006. This error related to the accounting for a building impairment in France. We
corrected the error during the fourth quarter of 2008, which had the effect of increasing asset
impairment expense 1.1 million and reducing net income by 0.8 million. This prior period error is
not material to the financial results for previously issued annual financial statements or
previously issued interim financial data prior to fiscal 2008 as well as for the twelve months
ended December 28, 2008. As a result, we have not restated our previously issued annual financial
statements or previously issued interim financial data.

During the first quarter of 2008, we identified errors in our financial statements for the fiscal
years ended 1999 through fiscal year 2007. These errors primarily related to the accounting for a
deferred compensation arrangement. We incorrectly accounted for a deferred payment arrangement to a
former executive of the Company, these deferred payments should have been appropriately accounted
for in prior periods. We corrected these errors during the first quarter of 2008, which had the
effect of increasing selling, general and administrative expenses by 1.4 million and reducing net
income by 0.8 million. These prior period errors individually and in the aggregate are not
material to the financial results for previously issued annual financial statements or previously
issued interim financial data prior to fiscal 2008 as well as the twelve months ended December 28,
2008. As a result, we have not restated our previously issued annual financial statements or
previously issued interim financial data.

In 2007, we recorded an adjustment of 2.1 million to reduce deferred income tax expense, and
increase earnings from continuing operations and net earnings. We have determined that this
adjustment related to errors made in prior years associated with the impact of changes in statutory
rates on deferred taxes. Had these errors been recorded in the proper periods, earnings from
continuing operations and net earnings as reported would increase by 0.2 million in 2006 and
increase by 1.9 million for years prior to 2005. We have determined that these adjustments did not
have a material effect on the current and prior years financial statements.

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Checkpoint Systems, Inc. and its
majority-owned subsidiaries (Company). All inter-company transactions are eliminated in
consolidation.

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fiscal Year 

Our fiscal year is the 52 or 53 week period ending the last Sunday of December. References to 2008,
2007, and 2006, are for the 52 weeks ended December 28, 2008, 52 weeks ended December 30, 2007, and
for the 53 weeks ended December 31, 2006.

52 

Table of Contents 

Reclassifications 

Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2007 financials statements and related footnotes to
conform to the current year presentation.

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash in excess of operating requirements is invested in short-term, income-producing instruments or
used to pay down debt. Cash equivalents include commercial paper and other securities with original
maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Book value approximates fair value because
of the short maturity of those instruments.

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivables are recorded at net realizable values. We maintain an allowance for doubtful
accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required
payments. These allowances are based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding individual
customers as well as our historical experience. Provisions for the losses on receivables are
charged to income to maintain the allowance at a level considered adequate to cover losses.
Receivables are charged off against the reserve when they are deemed uncollectible.

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. A provision is
made to reduce excess or obsolete inventory to its net realizable value.

Revenue Equipment on Operating Lease 

The cost of the equipment leased to customers under operating leases is depreciated on a
straight-line basis over the lesser of the length of the contract or estimated useful life of the
asset, which is usually between three and five years.

Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Property, plant, and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Maintenance,
repairs, and minor renewals are expensed as incurred. Additions, improvements, and major renewals
are capitalized. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of the assets. Assets subject to capital leases are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated
useful life of the asset or length of the contract. Buildings, equipment rented to customers, and
leased equipment on capitalized leases use the following estimated useful lives of fifteen to
thirty years, three to five years, and five years, respectively. Machinery and equipment estimated
useful lives range from three to ten years. Leasehold improvement useful lives are the lesser of
the minimum lease term or the useful life of the item. The cost and accumulated depreciation
applicable to assets retired are removed from the accounts and the gain or loss on disposition is
included in income.

We review our property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If it is
determined that an impairment, based on expected future undiscounted cash flows, exists, then the
loss is recognized on the consolidated statements of operations. The amount of the impairment is
the excess of the carrying amount of the impaired asset over its fair value.

Internal-Use Software 

Included in fixed assets is the capitalized cost of internal-use software. As required by Statement
of Position (SOP) 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for
Internal Use, we capitalize costs incurred during the application development stage of
internal-use software and amortize these costs over their estimated useful lives, which generally
range from three to five years. Costs incurred related to design or maintenance of internal-use
software are expensed as incurred.

Goodwill 

Goodwill is carried at cost and is not amortized. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual
basis as of fiscal month end October of each fiscal year, relying on a number of factors including
operating results, business plans and anticipated future cash flows. Company management uses its
judgment in assessing whether goodwill has become impaired between annual impairment tests.
Reporting units are primarily determined as the geographic areas comprising the Company s business
segments, except in situations when aggregation of the reporting units is appropriate.
Recoverability of goodwill is evaluated using a two-step process. The first step involves a
comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. If the carrying amount of
the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, then the second step of the process involves a comparison of the implied
fair value and carrying value of the goodwill of that reporting unit. If the carrying value of the
goodwill of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is
recognized in an amount equal to the excess. We perform our annual assessment as of fiscal month
end October each fiscal year.

53 

Table of Contents 

The fair value of our reporting units is dependent upon our estimate of future discounted cash
flows and other factors. Our estimates of future cash flows include assumptions concerning future
operating performance and economic conditions and may differ from actual future cash flows.
Estimated future cash flows are adjusted by an appropriate discount rate derived from our market
capitalization plus a suitable control premium at the date of evaluation. The financial and credit
market volatility directly impacts our fair value measurement through our weighted average cost of
capital that we use to determine our discount rate and through our stock price that we use to
determine our market capitalization. Therefore, changes in the stock price may also affect the
amount of impairment recorded. Market capitalization is determined by multiplying the shares
outstanding on the assessment date by the average market price of our common stock over a 30-day
period before each assessment date. We use this 30-day duration to consider inherent market
fluctuations that may affect any individual closing price. We believe that our market
capitalization alone does not fully capture the fair value of our business as a whole, or the
substantial value that an acquirer would obtain from its ability to obtain control of our business.
As such, in determining fair value, we add a control premium to our market capitalization. To
estimate the control premium, we considered our unique competitive advantages that would likely
provide synergies to a market participant. In addition, we considered external market factors which
we believe contributed to the decline and volatility in our stock price that did not reflect our
underlying fair value. Refer to Note 5.

Other Intangibles 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets are carried at cost and are not amortized, but are subject to
tests for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable.

Definite-lived intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives (or legal
lives if shorter). We review our other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable.

If it is determined that an impairment, based on expected future cash flows, exists, then the loss
is recognized on the consolidated statements of operations. The amount of the impairment is the
excess of the carrying amount of the impaired asset over the fair value of the asset. The fair
value represents expected future cash flows from the use of the assets, discounted at the rate used
to evaluate potential investments. Refer to Note 5.

Other Assets 

Included in other assets are 11.5 million and 1.1 million of net long-term customer-based
receivables at December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007, respectively.

Deferred Financing Costs 

Financing costs are capitalized and amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. The
net deferred financing costs at December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007 were 0.2 million and 0.4
million, respectively. The financing cost amortization expense was 0.2 million, 0.2 million, and
 0.2 million, for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 104, Revenue
Recognition, which states that revenue is realized or realizable and earned when all of the
following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or
services have been rendered; the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and collectability is
reasonably assured. For arrangements with multiple elements, we determine the fair value of each
element and then allocate the total arrangement consideration among the separate elements. We
recognize revenue when installation is complete or other post-shipment obligations have been
satisfied. Equipment leased to customers under sales-type leases is accounted for as the equivalent
of a sale. The present value of such lease revenues is recorded as net revenues, and the related
cost of the equipment is charged to cost of revenues. The deferred finance charges applicable to
these leases are recognized over the terms of the leases. Rental revenue from equipment under
operating leases is recognized over the term of the lease. Installation revenue from EAS equipment
is recognized when the systems are installed. Service revenue is recognized, for service contracts,
on a straight-line basis over the contractual period, and, for non-contract work, as services are
performed. Unearned revenue is recorded when payments are received in advance of performing our
service obligations and is recognized over the service period.

54 

Table of Contents 

Software license fee revenues are recognized in accordance with Statement of Position SOP 97-2,
 Software Revenue Recognition , as amended by SOP 98-9, Modification of SOP 97-2, Software Revenue
Recognition with Respect to Certain Transactions. Revenues from software license agreements are
recognized when persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, delivery of the product has occurred,
no significant vendor obligations are remaining to be fulfilled, the fee is fixed and determinable,
and collection is probable. Revenue from software contracts that require significant production,
modification, customization, or implementation is recognized in accordance with SOP 81-1,
 Accounting For Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts . Revenue
from these arrangements for both licenses and professional services are recognized together using
the percentage of completion method based upon the ratio of labor incurred to total estimated labor
to complete each contract. In instances where there is a term license combined with services,
revenue is recognized ratably over the term.

We record estimated reductions to revenue for customer incentive offerings, including volume-based
incentives and rebates. We record revenues net of an allowance for estimated return activities.
Return activity was immaterial to revenue and results of operations for all periods presented.

Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs 

Shipping and handling fees are accounted for in net revenues and shipping and handling costs in
cost of revenues.

Cost of Revenues 

The principal elements of cost of revenues are product cost, field service and installation cost,
freight, and product royalties paid to third parties.

Warranty Reserves 

We provide product warranties for our various products. These warranties vary in length depending
on product and geographical region. We establish our warranty reserves based on historical data of
warranty transactions. The following table sets forth the movement in the warranty reserve:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Balance at beginning of year

8,108 

5,499 

Accruals for warranties issued

6,388 

7,929 

Settlement made

(5,882) 

(6,155) 

Acquisitions/(Divestitures)

89 

309 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(300) 

526 

Balance at end of year

8,403 

8,108 

Royalty Expense 

Royalty expenses related to security products approximated 3.7 million, 3.7 million, and 3.7
million, in 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. These expenses are included as part of cost of
revenues.

Research and Development Costs 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and consist of development work associated
with the Company s existing and potential products. The Company s research and development expenses
relate primarily to payroll costs for engineering personnel, costs associated with various
projects, including testing, developing prototypes and related expenses.

Stock Options 

We recognize stock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards granted after
December 25, 2005 and granted prior to but not yet vested as of December 25, 2005, in accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 123R Share-Based Payment SFAS 123R ).
Under the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123R, we recognize share-based compensation net
of an estimated forfeiture rate and only recognize compensation cost for those shares expected to
vest. For awards granted after the SFAS 123R adoption date we recognize the expense on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. For non-vested awards granted
prior to the adoption date, we continue to use the ratable expense allocation method. Prior to SFAS
123R adoption, we accounted for share-based payments under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.
25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees APB 25 and accordingly, generally recognized
compensation expense only when we granted options with a discounted exercise price.

55 

Table of Contents 

In light of new accounting guidance under SFAS 123R, the Company reevaluated its assumptions used
in estimating the fair value of employee options granted. As part of its SFAS 123R adoption, the
Company also examined its historical pattern of option exercises in an effort to determine if there
were any discernable activity patterns based on certain employee populations. From this analysis,
the Company identified that there were no discernable populations. The Company used the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to value the options. The table below presents the weighted
average expected life in years. The expected life computation is based on historical exercise
patterns and post-vesting termination behavior. Volatility is determined using changes in
historical stock prices. The interest rate for periods within the expected life of the award is
based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.

The fair value of share-based payment units was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following assumptions and weighted average fair values as follows:

Year Ended, 

Year Ended, 

Year Ended, 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted average fair value of grants

8.04 

8.88 

11.47 

Valuation assumptions:

Expected dividend yield

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Expected volatility

.3883 

.3659 

.4135 

Expected life (in years)

4.84 

4.56 

4.54 

Risk-free interest rate

2.450 

4.264 

4.55 - 5.07 

See Note 8 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a further discussion on
stock-based compensation.

Income Taxes 

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial
statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted statutory tax rates in
effect at the balance sheet date. Changes in enacted tax rates are reflected in the tax provision
as they occur. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more
likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is
enacted.

On January 1, 2007, we adopted FASB Interpretation No. 48 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes FIN 48 ). FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in
financial statements in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No.
109 Accounting for Income Taxes. FIN 48 provides guidance on recognizing, measuring, presenting
and disclosing in the financial statements uncertain tax positions that a company has taken or
expects to take on a tax return. See Note 13 for further information related to FIN 48.

Taxes
and Value Added Collected from Customers 

Sales and value added taxes collected from customers are excluded from revenues. The obligation is included in
other current liabilities until the taxes are remitted to the appropriate taxing authorities.

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

Our balance sheet accounts of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of
exchange in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenues, costs, and expenses of our foreign
subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the year-to-date average rate of exchange. The
resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a separate component of shareholders equity.
Gains or losses on certain long-term inter-company transactions are excluded from the net earnings
(loss) and accumulated in the cumulative translation adjustment as a separate component of
consolidated stockholders equity. All other foreign currency transaction gains and losses are
included in net earnings (loss).

Accounting for Hedging Activities 

We enter into certain foreign exchange forward contracts in order to hedge anticipated rate
fluctuations in Western Europe, Canada, Japan and Australia. Transaction gains or losses resulting
from these contracts are recognized at the end of each reporting period. We use the fair value
method of accounting, recording realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts. These
gains and losses are included in other gain (loss), net on our consolidated statements of
operations.

We enter into various foreign currency contracts to reduce our exposure to forecasted
Euro-denominated inter-company revenues. These cash flow hedging instruments are marked to market
and the changes are recorded in other comprehensive income. Amounts

recorded in other comprehensive income are recognized in cost of goods sold as the inventory is
sold to external parties. Any hedge ineffectiveness is charged to other gain (loss), net on our
consolidated statements of operations.

56

Table of Contents 

We enter, on occasion, into interest rate swaps to reduce the risk of significant interest rate
increases in connection with floating rate debt. This cash flow hedging instrument is marked to
market and the changes are recorded in other comprehensive income. Any hedge ineffectiveness is
charged to interest expense.

See Note 15 for further information.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

We adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes , on January 1, 2007. As a result of adoption, we
recognized a charge of approximately 1.7 million to the January 1, 2007 retained earnings balance.
Additionally, we reclassified 13.9 million of the unrecognized tax benefits, and interest and
penalties from income taxes to other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. As of
the adoption date, we had 10.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would affect our
effective tax rate if recognized. Also as of the adoption date, we had accrued interest expense and
penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits of 3.8 million and 0.3 million, respectively.

We adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 157, Fair
Value Measurements (SFAS 157) on December 31, 2007. This standard defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued
for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and interim periods within those fiscal years.
In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. FAS 157-2 (SFAS 157-2), which deferred
the effective date of FAS No. 157 for all non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities,
except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a
recurring basis (at least annually) until January 1, 2009. Accordingly, our adoption of this
standard in 2008 was limited to financial assets and liabilities, which primarily affects the
valuation of our derivative contracts. In October 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 157-3,
 Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the Market for That Asset Is Not Active, 
(FSP FAS 157-3), which clarifies the application of SFAS No. 157 for financial assets in a market
that is not active. FSP FAS 157-3 was effective upon issuance. The adoption of FAS 157 did not have
a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations The Company does not expect
the adoption of FAS 157 for non-financial assets and liabilities on December 29, 2008 to have a
material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
Non-financial assets and liabilities for which we have not applied the provisions of FAS 157
include those measured at fair value in impairment testing and those initially measured at fair
value in a business combination.

We adopted SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 (SFAS 159) on December 31, 2007. SFAS 159 permits
entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value.
Entities that elect the fair value option will report unrealized gains and losses in earnings at
each subsequent reporting date. The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument
basis, with few exceptions. SFAS 159 also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements to
facilitate comparisons between companies that choose different measurement attributes for similar
assets and liabilities. The adoption of FAS 159 did not have an effect on our financial condition
or results of operations as we did not elect this fair value option, nor is it expected to have a
material impact on future periods as the election of this option for our financial instruments is
expected to be limited.

In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (SFAS 162). SFAS 162 identifies the sources of accounting principles and the framework
for selecting the principles to be used in the preparation of financial statements of
nongovernmental entities that are presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. SFAS 162 directs the hierarchy to the entity, rather than the independent auditors, as
the entity is responsible for selecting accounting principles for financial statements that are
presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. SFAS 162 became effective on
November 15, 2008. The adoption of SFAS 162 did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

57 

Table of Contents 

New Accounting Pronouncements and Other Standards 

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations (SFAS 141R).
SFAS 141R retains the underlying concepts of SFAS 141 in that all business combinations are still
required to be accounted for at fair value under the acquisition method of accounting but SFAS 141R
changed the method of applying the acquisition method in a number of significant aspects.
Acquisition costs will generally be expensed as incurred; noncontrolling interests will be valued
at fair value at the acquisition date; in-process research and development will be recorded at fair
value as an indefinite-lived intangible asset at the acquisition date, until either abandoned or
completed, at which point the useful lives will be determined; restructuring costs associated with
a business combination will generally be expensed subsequent to the acquisition date; and changes
in deferred tax

asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties after the acquisition date generally will
affect income tax expense. SFAS 141R is effective on a prospective basis for all business
combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period
subsequent to December 15, 2008, with the exception of the accounting for valuation allowances on
deferred taxes and acquired tax contingencies. SFAS 141R amends SFAS No. 109, Accounting for
Income Taxes (SFAS 109) such that adjustments made to valuation allowances on deferred taxes and
acquired tax contingencies associated with acquisitions that closed prior to the effective date of
SFAS 141R would also apply the provisions of SFAS 141R. SFAS 141R also establishes disclosure
requirements to enable the evaluation of the nature and financial effects of the business
combination. For the Company, SFAS No. 141R will be effective for business combinations occurring
after December 28, 2008. Upon adoption, SFAS 141R will not have a significant impact on our
financial position and results of operations; however, any business combination entered into after
the adoption may significantly impact our financial position and results of operations when
compared to acquisitions accounted for under existing U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP) and result in more earnings volatility and generally lower earnings due to the expensing of
deal costs and restructuring costs of acquired companies. Also, since we have significant acquired
deferred tax assets for which full valuation allowances were recorded at the acquisition date, SFAS
141R could significantly affect the results of operations if changes in the valuation allowances
occur subsequent to adoption. As of December 28, 2008, such deferred tax valuation allowances
amounted to 4.2 million. For additional discussion on deferred tax valuation allowances, refer to
Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2008 Form 10-K.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements an amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51 (SFAS 160). SFAS 160 establishes
accounting and reporting standards for ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other
than the parent, the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the
noncontrolling interest, changes in a parent s ownership interest, and the valuation of retained
noncontrolling equity investments when a subsidiary is deconsolidated. This statement requires the
recognition of a noncontrolling interest (minority interest) as equity in the consolidated
financial statements and separate from the parent s equity. SFAS 160 also establishes disclosure
requirements that clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent and the
interests of the noncontrolling owners. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2008. As of December 28, 2008, our minority interest totaled 0.9 million, which was
included in the long-term liabilities section of our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company will
incorporate presentation and disclosure requirements as outlined in SFAS 160 in the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 29, 2009.

In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities (SFAS 161). SFAS 161 changes the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and
hedging activities. We will be required to provide enhanced disclosures about (a) how and why
derivative instruments are used, (b) how derivative instruments and related hedged items are
accounted for under SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging
Activities (SFAS 133), and its related interpretations, and (c) how derivative instruments and
related hedged items affect our financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. This
statement is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods
beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company will adopt this standard in the first fiscal quarter
of 2009 and believes that upon adoption, there will be no material impact on the Company s
consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

In April 2008, the FASB issued Staff Position FSP FAS 142-3, Determination of the Useful Life of
Intangible Assets (FSP FAS 142-3). FSP FAS 142-3 amends the factors that should be considered in
developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized
intangible asset under SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . The intent of FSP FAS
142-3 is to improve the consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under
SFAS 142 and the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the asset under
other accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. FSP FAS 142-3 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is prohibited. We do not expect FSP FAS
142-3 to have a material impact on our accounting for future acquisitions of intangible assets.

In June 2008, the FASB issued Staff Position FSP EITF No. 03-6-1, Determining Whether Instruments
Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities (FSP EITF 03-6-1). FSP
EITF 03-6-1 provides that unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to
dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall
be included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. FSP EITF
03-6-1 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Upon adoption, a company is required to
retrospectively adjust its earnings per share data (including any amounts related to interim
periods, summaries of earnings and selected financial data) to conform to the provisions in FSP
EITF 03-6-1. Early application of FSP EITF 03-6-1 is prohibited and will be adopted by us in the
first fiscal quarter of 2009. We do not expect that the adoption of FSP EITF 03-6-1 will have a
material impact on our calculation of EPS.

In November 2008, the FASB ratified Staff Position FSP EITF 08-6, Equity Method Investment
Accounting Considerations, (EITF 08-6). EITF 08-6 clarifies that the initial carrying value of an
equity method investment should be determined in accordance with SFAS No. 141(R).
Other-than-temporary impairment of an equity method investment should be recognized in accordance
with FSP No. APB 18-1, Accounting by an Investor for Its Proportionate Share of Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income of an Investee Accounted for under the Equity Method in Accordance with APB
Opinion No. 18 upon a Loss of Significant Influence. 

58 

Table of Contents 

EITF 08-6 is effective on a prospective basis in fiscal years beginning on or after December 15,
2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years, and will be adopted by us in the first quarter
of fiscal year 2009. The adoption of EITF 08-6 will not have a material impact on our consolidated
results of operations and financial condition.

In November 2008, the FASB ratified EITF 08-7, Accounting for Defensive Intangible Assets, (EITF
08-7). EITF 08-7 applies to defensive assets which are acquired intangible assets which the
acquirer does not intend to actively use, but intends to hold to prevent its competitors from
obtaining access to the asset. EITF 08-7 clarifies that defensive intangible assets are separately
identifiable and should be accounted for as a separate unit of accounting in accordance with SFAS
No. 141(R) and SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements, or SFAS No. 157. EITF 08-7 is effective for
intangible assets acquired in fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and will be
applied by us to intangible assets acquired on or after December 29, 2008.

In November 2008, the FASB ratified EITF No. 08-8, Accounting for an Instrument (or an Embedded
Feature) with a Settlement Amount That Is Based on the Stock of an Entity s Consolidated
Subsidiary, (EITF 08-8). EITF 08-8 clarifies whether a financial instrument for which the payoff
to the counterparty is based, in whole or in part, on the stock of an entity s consolidated
subsidiary is indexed to the reporting entity s own stock and therefore should not be precluded
from qualifying for the first part of the scope exception in paragraph 11 (a) of SFAS No. 133, 
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities or from being within the scope of
EITF No. 00-19, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and, Potentially
Settled in, a Company s Own Stock. EITF 08-8 is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and will be adopted by us in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2009. The adoption of EITF 08-8 will not have a material impact on
our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.

In December 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No.132 (R)-1, Employers Disclosures
about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (FSP 132R-1). FSP 132R-1 requires enhanced
disclosures about the plan assets of a Company s defined benefit pension and other postretirement
plans. The enhanced disclosures required by this FSP are intended to provide users of financial
statements with a greater understanding of: (1) how investment allocation decisions are made,
including the factors that are pertinent to an understanding of investment policies and strategies;
(2) the major categories of plan assets; (3) the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure
the fair value of plan assets; (4) the effect of fair value measurements using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) on changes in plan assets for the period; and (5) significant
concentrations of risk within plan assets. This FSP is effective for us for the fiscal year ending
December 27, 2009.

In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS No. 140-4 and FIN No. 46R-8, Disclosures by Public
Entities (Enterprises) about Transfers of Financial Assets and Interests in Variable Interest
Entities. The FSP, which is effective in the first reporting period ending after December 15,
2008, requires additional disclosures concerning transfers of financial assets. The FSP also
requires additional disclosures concerning an enterprise s involvement with variable interest
entities and qualifying special purpose entities under certain conditions, none of which apply to
the Company. The Company will include additional required disclosures concerning transfers of
financial assets, as applicable, in its interim consolidated financial statements for the period
ending March 29, 2009.

Note 2. ACQUISITIONS 

On November 1, 2007, Checkpoint Systems, Inc. and one of its direct subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company and Alpha Security Products, Inc. and one of its direct subsidiaries (collectively, the
Seller entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and a Dutch Assets Sale and Transfer Agreement
(collectively, the Agreements under which the Company purchased all of the assets of Alpha s S3
business (the Acquisition for approximately 142 million, subject to a post-closing working
capital adjustment, plus additional performance-based contingent payments up to a maximum of 8
million plus interest thereon. The purchase price was funded by 67 million of cash and 75 million
of borrowings under our senior unsecured credit facility. Subject to the Agreements, contingent
payments were earned if the revenue derived from the S3 business exceeded 70 million during the
period from December 31, 2007, until December 28, 2008. In the event that the revenue derived from
the S3 business exceeded 83 million during such period, the Seller was entitled to a maximum
payment of 8 million. During the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2008, revenues for the
S3 business exceeded the minimum contingency payment thresholds. An accrual of 6.8 million is
recognized at December 28, 2008 for the contingent payment, with a corresponding increase to
goodwill recorded on the acquisition.

The S3 business includes the development, manufacture, distribution, and sale of retail store
applied security products requiring removal by store personnel at the cash register.

59 

Table of Contents 

The purchase price allocation as of the date of acquisition was as follows:

November 1, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2007 

Cash

67,000 

Long-term debt

75,000 

Contingent payment

6,796 

Purchase price (1)

148,796 

Fair value of net assets acquired:

Accounts receivable

6,986 

Inventories

6,882 

Other current assets

73 

Property, plant, and equipment

9,148 

Intangible assets (2)

71,053 

Accounts payable

(2,526) 

Accrued compensation and related taxes

(810) 

Other accrued expenses

(799) 

Fair value of the net assets acquired

90,007 

Excess cost over net assets acquired

58,789 

Adjustment to the realization of deferred tax assets for Checkpoint

(59) 

Estimated acquisition costs

648 

Goodwill (3)

59,378 

Notes: 

(1) 
 
 Represents the cash, long-term debt, and contingent payment used to finance the acquisition. 

(2) 
 
 Intangible assets consist of customer relationships 33.4 million), trade names 19.4
million), and developed technologies 18.3 million). The weighted-average useful lives for
the customer relationships and developed technologies are approximately 10 years. The
intangible assets related to the trade name are deemed to have an indefinite life. The
amortization of definite life intangibles are calculated on a straight-line basis. 

(3) 
 
 Goodwill of 59.4 million was assigned to the Shrink Management Solutions reporting
segment. Of that total amount, 59.4 million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes
over a 15 year period. 

The allocation of the purchase price for the Alpha Acquisition, which primarily used a discounted
cash flow approach with respect to identified intangible assets and a combination of the cost and
market approaches with respect to property, plant and equipment, was finalized during fiscal year
2008. The discounted cash flow approach was based upon management s estimated future cash flows
from the acquired assets and liabilities and utilized a discount rate consistent with the inherent
risk associated with the acquired assets and liabilities. The results of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed in connection with the Alpha Acquisition have been included in the consolidated
statement of operations since the closing of the transaction on November 1, 2007, as part of the
SMS segment.

60 

Table of Contents 

The following schedule presents 2007 and 2006 supplemental unaudited pro forma information as if
the Alpha Acquisition had occurred on December 26, 2005. The unaudited pro forma information is
presented based on information available, is intended for informational purposes only and is not
necessarily indicative of and does not purport to represent what Checkpoint s future financial
condition or operating results will be after giving effect to the Alpha Acquisition and does not
reflect actions that may be undertaken by management in integrating these businesses. In addition,
this information does not reflect financial and operating benefits Checkpoint expects to realize as
a result of the acquisition.

Pro Forma 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Year ended 
 
 2007 

2006 

(Unaudited) 

(Unaudited) 

Net revenues

880,790 

739,033 

Earnings from continuing operations

58,225 

34,920 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

359 

903 

Net earnings

58,584 

35,823 

Basic Earnings Per Share: 

Earnings from continuing operations

1.46 

.89 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

.01 

.02 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

1.47 

.91 

Diluted Earnings Per Share: 

Earnings from continuing operations

1.43 

.87 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

.01 

.02 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

1.44 

.89 

Other Acquisitions in Fiscal 2008 

In June 2008, the Company purchased the business of OATSystems, Inc., a privately held company, for
approximately 37.2 million, net of cash acquired of 0.9 million, and including the assumption of
 3.2 million of OATSystems, Inc. debt. The transaction was paid in cash. Additionally, we acquired
 1.3 million in liabilities.

The financial statements reflect the preliminary allocations of the OATSystems, Inc. purchase price
based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. This allocation has resulted in acquired
goodwill of 22.8 million, which is not tax deductible. We also acquired intangibles of 6.1
million consisting of a trade name and proprietary technologies. The trade name is an
indefinite-lived intangible asset while the proprietary technologies are finite-lived intangible
assets that have a useful life of 4 years. The results from the acquisition date through 
December
28, 2008 are included in the Shrink Management Solutions segment and were not material to the
consolidated financial statements. The allocation of the purchase price is expected to be completed
during the first half of fiscal year 2009.

In January 2008, the Company purchased the business of Security Corporation, Inc., a privately held
company, for 7.9 million plus 1.0 million of liabilities acquired. The transaction was paid in
cash. The financial statements reflect the final allocation of the purchase price based on
estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. This allocation has resulted in acquired goodwill
of 1.3 million, which is deductible for tax purposes. We also acquired intangibles of 5.2 million
related to customer relationships with a useful life of 10 years. The results from the acquisition
date through December 28, 2008 are included in the Shrink Management Solutions segment and were not
material to the consolidated financial statements.

Pro forma results of operations have not been presented individually or in the aggregate for these
acquisitions, described in Other Acquisitions in Fiscal 2008 , because the effects of these
acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial statements.

Other Acquisitions in Fiscal 2007 

In November 2007, we purchased SIDEP, a provider of Radio Frequency (RF) Electronic Article
Surveillance (EAS) products. Upon closing, we also acquired the remaining minority interests in a
SIDEP subsidiary, Shanghai Asialco Electronics Co., Ltd. (Asialco), a China based manufacturer of
RF-EAS labels. The total purchase price for these acquisitions was 27.9 million, net of cash
acquired. The purchase agreement was structured with deferred payments to the minority interest
owners of Asialco of 9.3 million. These payments will be paid over a three-year period from the
date of acquisition and were recorded as a liability on the date of acquisition. The financial
statements reflect the preliminary allocations of the purchase price based on estimated fair values
at the date of acquisition. This allocation has resulted in acquired goodwill of 14.0 million,
which is non-deductible for tax purposes. Intangible assets included in this acquisition were 10.7
million. The intangible assets were composed of customer lists 5.2 million), non-compete
agreement 3.8 million), trademarks 1.1 million), and technology 0.6 million). The useful
lives were 8 to 13 years for customer lists, 3 years for the non-compete agreement, indefinite for
trademarks, and 3 years for technology. The allocation of the purchase price was finalized during
fiscal year 2008. The results from the acquisition date through December 30, 2007 are included
in the Shrink Management Solutions segment and Intelligent Labels segment and were not material to
the consolidated financial statements.

During 2008, we recorded working capital adjustments for the SIDEP acquisition which increased goodwill
by 1.8 million. The working capital adjustments were primarily related to income tax adjustments. We also paid
 4.9 million to the minority interest owners of Asialco as part of the deferred payment arrangement established in the
SIDEP purchase agreement.

61 

Table of Contents 

In May 2007, the Company purchased the business of SSE Southeast, LLC, for 5.1 million plus 1.0
million of liabilities acquired. The transaction was paid in cash. The financial statements reflect
the final allocations of the purchase price based on estimated fair values at the date of
acquisition. This allocation has resulted in acquired goodwill of 1.8 million, which is deductible
for tax purposes. We also acquired intangibles of 2.7 million related to customer lists with a
useful life of 9 years. The results from the acquisition date through December 30, 2007 are
included in the Shrink Management Solutions segment and were not material to the consolidated
financial statements. The purchase agreement has a working capital
adjustment, which was settled during
2008.

In January 2007, the Company purchased the business of Security Systems Technology, Inc., a
privately held company, for 0.8 million plus 0.3 million of liabilities acquired. The transaction
was paid in cash. The financial statements reflect the final allocation of the purchase price based
on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. This allocation has resulted in acquired
goodwill of 0.8 million, which is deductible for tax purposes. We also acquired intangibles of
 0.2 million related to customer lists with a useful life of 9 years. The results from the
acquisition date through December 30, 2007 are included in the Shrink Management Solutions segment
and were not material to the consolidated financial statements.

Pro forma results of operations have not been presented individually or in the aggregate for these
acquisitions, described in Other Acquisitions in Fiscal 2007 , because the effects of these
acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial statements.

Other Acquisitions in Fiscal 2006 

In November 2006, the Company purchased ADS Worldwide (ADS), a privately held company, for 7.4
million, net of cash acquired. The transaction was paid in cash. The final allocation of the
purchase price resulted in acquired goodwill of 3.4 million, which is non-deductible for tax
purposes. We also acquired intangibles of 2.9 million related to customer lists 1.9 million) and
software 1.0 million). The intangibles have useful lives of 6 years and 4 years, respectively.

Note 3. INVENTORIES 

Inventories consist of the following:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Raw materials

16,287 

16,352 

Work-in-process

6,100 

6,497 

Finished goods

79,735 

86,480 

Total

102,122 

109,329 

62 

Table of Contents 

Note 4. REVENUE EQUIPMENT ON OPERATING LEASE AND PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT 

The major classes are:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Revenue equipment on operating lease 

Equipment rented to customers

22,795 

31,290 

Accumulated depreciation

(20,755) 

(26,790) 

Total revenue equipment on operating lease

2,040 

4,500 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Land

9,809 

8,741 

Buildings

56,014 

59,463 

Machinery and equipment

144,717 

140,982 

Leasehold improvements

13,385 

11,938 

Construction in progress

3,429 

4,672 

227,354 

225,796 

Accumulated depreciation

(140,619) 

(137,700) 

Total property, plant, and equipment

86,735 

88,096 

Property, plant, and equipment under capital lease had gross values of 1.4 million and 1.7
million and accumulated depreciation of 0.9 million and 0.7 million, as of December 28, 2008 and
December 30, 2007, respectively.

As of December 28, 2008, the outstanding Asialco loan balance of 3.6 million (RMB25 million) is
collateralized by land and buildings with an aggregate carrying value of 6.0 million at December
28, 2008. The loans mature at various times through May 2009.

Depreciation expense on our revenue equipment on operating lease and property, plant, and equipment
was 18.1 million, 15.4 million, and 16.2 million, for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.

In 2008, we recorded a 1.5 million fixed asset impairment. The charge consisted of 1.1 million
related to the write down of a building in France and 0.4 million related to the write down of
land and a building in Japan. These impairments were recorded in asset impairments on the
consolidated statement of operations.

In November 2006, we cancelled a capital lease for one of our buildings with an outstanding amount
owed of 10.3 million. This building was sublet to a third party tenant. The Company and the tenant
reached a cancellation settlement which resulted in sublease income of 10.2 million. We recorded a
 8.0 million impairment on this building as a result of the transaction. Additionally, we incurred
a loss on the retirement of the capital lease of 0.2 million and an additional interest expense
charge of 0.2 million. The sublease income, loss on the settlement of the capital lease, and the
impairment were recorded in other operating income on our consolidated statement of operations.

Note 5. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

We had intangible assets with a net book value of 113.8 million, and 119.3 million as of December
28, 2008 and December 30, 2007, respectively.

The following table reflects the components of intangible assets as of December 28, 2008 and
December 30, 2007:

December 28, 2008 

December 30, 2007 

Amortizable 

Gross 

Gross 

Life 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 (years) 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Amortization 

Finite-lived intangible assets: 

Customer lists

20 

81,037 

31,184 

80,104 

26,535 

Trade name

30 

30,610 

16,107 

31,662 

15,695 

Patents, license agreements

5 to 14 

60,986 

40,277 

62,716 

38,076 

Other

3 to 6 

9,700 

3,140 

5,890 

1,322 

Total amortized finite-lived intangible assets

182,333 

90,708 

180,372 

81,628 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

Trade name

22,130 

20,550 

Total identifiable intangible assets

204,463 

90,708 

200,922 

81,628 

63 

Table of Contents 

We recorded 12.5 million, 5.5 million, and 3.2 million of amortization expense for 2008, 2007,
and 2006, respectively.

During our 2008 annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles annual impairment test, we
determine our indefinite-lived intangible trade mark intangible in
our i-Labels segment was
impaired. As a result we recorded an impairment charge of 0.4 million in the fourth quarter of
2008. This charge was recorded in asset impairments on the consolidated statement of operations.

As a result of changes in business circumstances related to the customer list intangible asset
recognized in connection with the SIDEP/Asialco acquisition, we recorded an impairment charge of
 2.6 million in the fourth quarter ended December 28, 2008. The impairment charge was recorded in
asset impairments in the Intelligent Labels segment on the consolidated statement of operations.

Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years is anticipated to be:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

2009

12,470 

2010

11,874 

2011

10,428 

2012

9,622 

2013

8,429 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:

Shrink 

Management 

Intelligent 

Retail 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Solutions 

Labels 

Merchandising 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2006

69,335 

47,774 

70,179 

187,288 

Acquired during the year

63,584 

6,446 

70,030 

Purchase accounting adjustments

(2,687) 

(2,687) 

Translation adjustment and other

7,025 

4,781 

8,164 

19,970 

Balance as of December 30, 2007

139,944 

56,314 

78,343 

274,601 

Acquired during the year

24,130 

24,130 

Purchase accounting adjustments

7,697 

1,429 

9,126 

Impairment losses

(51,770) 

(7,813) 

(59,583) 

Translation adjustment and other

(2,278) 

(5,973) 

(4,491) 

(12,742) 

Balance as of December 28, 2008

169,493 

66,039 

235,532 

During fiscal 2008, 2007, and 2006 we made multiple acquisitions, which impacted goodwill and
intangible assets. Please refer to Note 2 of these consolidated financial statements for more
information on these acquisitions and their impact.

The Company has completed step one of its fiscal 2008 annual analysis and test for impairment of
goodwill and it was determined that certain goodwill related to the Intelligent Labels and Retail
Merchandising segments was impaired. As a result, a 59.6 million estimated impairment charge was
recorded as of December 28, 2008. The impairment charge was recorded in goodwill impairment on the
consolidated statement of operations. This amount may change upon completion of step two of the
impairment test. It is anticipated that the impairment testing will be complete by the first
quarter of fiscal 2009 at which time an adjustment to the estimate will be recorded. The
impairment charge is attributed to a combination of a decline in our market capitalization of the
Company and a decline in the estimated forecasted discounted cash flows expected by the Company.
Fair values exceeded their respective carrying values by more than 25 in the remaining reporting
units for which no impairment charge was recorded.

The 2007 and 2006 annual assessments did not result in an impairment charge. Significant turmoil
in the financial markets and weakness in macroeconomic conditions globally have recently
contributed to volatility in our stock price, including a significant decline in our stock price
during the third and fourth quarters of 2008 during which our stock price fluctuated from a high of
 23.43 to a low of 9.01. These factors have contributed to the estimated impairment loss recorded
in the fourth quarter ended December 28, 2008. There can be no certainty as to the duration of the
current economic conditions and their potential impact on our stock price performance or future
goodwill impairment.

We have not made any material changes in the methodology used in the assessment of whether or not
goodwill is impaired during the past three fiscal years. Determining the fair value of a reporting
unit is a matter of judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions.
The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted future cash flows
and could increase or decrease an impairment charge. If the use of these assets or the projections
of future cash flows change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment
charges. An erosion of future business results in any of the business units could create impairment
in goodwill or other long-lived assets and require a significant charge in future periods.

64 

Table of Contents 

Note 6. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS AND CURRENT PORTION OF LONG-TERM DEBT 

Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt at December 28, 2008 and at December
30, 2007 consisted of the following:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Lines of credit with interest rates ranging from 1.43 to 1.47 (1)

7,707 

Asialco loans

3,645 

3,418 

Current portion of long-term debt

230 

338 

Total short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt

11,582 

3,756 

(1) 
 
 The weighted average interest rate for 2008 was 1.45 . 

At December 28, 2008, our 8.8 million 800 million) Japanese local line of credit had an
outstanding balance of 7.7 million 700 million) and availability of 1.1 million 100 million).
The line of credit expires in March 2009.

In November 2007, we acquired SIDEP and the remaining interest in Asialco from its minority
shareholders. As part of the acquisition, we acquired 3.4 million (RMB25 million) of outstanding
debt of Asialco. The loans were paid down in April and May 2008 and were renewed for 12 month
periods under the original terms of the loan agreement. As of December 28, 2008, the outstanding
Asialco loan balance is 3.6 million (RMB25 million) and has an interest rate of 5.31 . The loans
are collateralized by land and buildings with an aggregate carrying value of 6.0 million at
December 28, 2008. The loans mature at various times through May 2009.

Note 7. LONG-TERM DEBT 

Long-term debt at December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007 consisted of the following:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Senior unsecured credit facility:

150 million variable interest rate revolving credit facility maturing in 2010

133,596 

91,496 

Other capital leases with maturities through 2013

338 

598 

Total(1)

133,934 

92,094 

Less current portion

230 

338 

Total long-term portion

133,704 

91,756 

(1) 
 
 The weighted average interest rates for 2008 and 2007 were 3.0 and 4.9 , respectively. 

On March 4, 2005, we entered into a new 150.0 million five-year senior unsecured multi-currency
revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders.

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest rates of LIBOR plus an applicable margin
ranging from 0.75 to 1.75 and/or prime plus 0.00 to 0.50 . The interest rate matrix is based on
our leverage ratio of funded debt to EBITDA, as defined by the Credit Agreement. Under the Credit
Agreement, we pay an unused line fee ranging from 0.18 to 0.30 per annum on the unused portion of
the commitment. In connection with the 2005 refinancing, our aggregate fees and expenses were 0.7
million, which are being amortized over the term of the Credit Agreement. At December 28, 2008, we
had 133.6 million outstanding under this facility. Our available line of credit under this
agreement is 15.2 million. Our availability under this facility was reduced by letters of credit
totaling 1.2 million. There are no restrictions on our ability to draw down on the available
portion of our line of credit.

The senior unsecured credit facility increased by 42.1 million since December 30, 2007. The
increase in borrowings was primarily used to finance our stock repurchase program and the
OATSystems, Inc. acquisition.

In November 2007, we acquired the Alpha S3 business. As part of the funding for this acquisition,
we borrowed 75.0 million under our unsecured multi-currency revolving credit facility. The
borrowing was composed of 55.0 million under the U.S. portion of our revolver and 20.0 million 13.9 million) under the German portion of this revolver.

The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, as defined in the Credit Agreement, that include
requirements for a maximum ratio of debt to EBITDA, a maximum ratio of interest to EBITDA, and a
maximum threshold for capital expenditures. As of December 28, 2008, we were in compliance with all
covenants.

65 

Table of Contents 

The aggregate maturities on all long-term debt (including current portion) are:

Capital 

Total 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Debt 

Leases 

Debt 

2009

230 

230 

2010

133,596 

68 

133,664 

2011

24 

24 

2012

13 

13 

2013

3 

3 

Thereafter

Total

133,596 

338 

133,934 

Note 8. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

At December 28, 2008, we had stock-based employee compensation plans as described below. For the
years ended December 28, 2008, December 30, 2007, and December 31, 2006, the total compensation
expense (included in selling general, and administrative expense) related to these plans was 7.1
million, 6.5 million, and 5.7 million 4.9 million, 4.6 million, and 4.2 million, net of tax),
respectively.

On December 27, 2007, there was a change of our President and CEO. As a result of this management
transition and in accordance with the former CEO s contract, we recorded a one-time charge of 1.4
million 1.0 million, net of tax) related to stock compensation costs associated with the former
CEO. This charge was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2007.

In 2006, we changed the method in which we issue share-based awards to our key employees. In prior
years, share-based compensation for key employees consisted primarily of stock options. Upon
consideration of several factors, we began in 2006 to award key employees a combination of stock
options and restricted stock units. Therefore, this change resulted in an increase in stock-based
compensation from restricted stock units.

Stock Plans 

On April 29, 2004, the shareholders approved the Checkpoint Systems, Inc. 2004 Omnibus Incentive
Compensation Plan (2004 Plan). The initial shares available under the 2004 Plan were approximately
3,500,000, which represent the shares that were available at that time under the 1992 Stock Option
Plan (1992 Plan). All cancellations and forfeitures related to share units outstanding under the
1992 Plan will be added back to the shares available for grant under the 2004 Plan. No further
awards will be issued under the 1992 Plan. The 2004 Plan is designed to provide incentives to
employees, non-employee directors, and independent contractors through the award of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, stock units, phantom shares, dividend equivalent rights and cash awards.
The Compensation Committee (Committee) of our Board of Directors administers the 2004 Plan and
determines the terms and conditions of each award. Stock options issued under the 2004 Plan
primarily vest over a three-year period and expire not more than 10 years from date of grant.
Restricted stock units vest over three to five year periods from date of grant. As of December 28,
2008, there were 1,573,746 shares available for grant under the 2004 plan.

Our 1992 Stock Option Plan (1992 Plan) allowed us to grant either Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) or
Non-Incentive Stock Options (NSOs) to purchase up to 16,000,000 shares of common stock. Only
employees were eligible to receive ISOs and both employees and non-employee directors of the
Company were eligible to receive NSOs. On February 17, 2004, the Plan was amended to allow an
independent consultant to receive NSOs. All ISOs under the 1992 Plan expire not more than ten years
(plus six months in the case of NSOs) from the date of grant. Both ISOs and NSOs require a purchase
price of not less than 100 of the fair market value of the stock at the date of grant. As of
 December 28, 2008, there were no shares available for grant under the 1992 Plan.

On December 27, 2007, we adopted a stand alone inducement stock option plan authorizing the
issuance of options to purchase up to 270,000 shares of our common stock, which were granted to the
newly elected President and CEO of the Company in connection with his hire. The non-qualified stock
options provide for three vesting instances: 60 on December 31, 2010; 20 on December 31, 2011;
and 20 on December 31, 2012. The options also have a market condition. The market condition
specifies that any unvested tranche will vest immediately as soon as the Company s stock price
exceeds 200 of the December 27, 2007, strike price of 22.71. In addition, there were 230,000
shares issued out of our Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan with similar vesting and market based
criteria as described above.

To determine the fair value of stock options with market conditions we used the Monte Carlo
simulation lattice model using the following assumptions: (i) expected volatility of 37.04 , (ii)
risk-free rate of 4.1 , (iii) expected term of 10 years, and (iv) an expected dividend yield of
zero. The weighted average fair value of the stock options with market conditions was 12.43 per
share.

66 

Table of Contents 

During fiscal 2005, we initiated a Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). Under this plan, restricted
stock units (RSUs) were awarded to eligible executives. The number of shares for these units varies
based on the Company s operating income and operating margin. These units cliff vest at the end of
fiscal 2007. At December 30, 2007, the Company did not achieve the operating margin required by the
plan and as a result no RSUs were earned under this plan. During 2007, 0.4 million of previously
recognized compensation cost was reversed related to the 2005 LTIP.

During fiscal 2006, we expanded the scope of the LTIP. Under the expanded plan, RSUs were awarded
to eligible key employees. The number of shares for these units varies based on the Company s cash
flow. These units cliff vest at the end of fiscal 2008. During fiscal 2007, 34,996 units vested at
a grant price of 28.89 per share in accordance with the former CEO s retirement plan. At December
28, 2008, the Company did not achieve the cash flow targets required by the plan and as a result no
remaining RSUs were earned under this plan. During fiscal 2008, 2.0 million of previously
recognized compensation cost was reversed related to the 2006 LTIP.

The LTIP plan was further expanded during fiscal 2007. Under the 2007 LTIP plan, RSUs were awarded
to eligible key employees. The number of shares for these units varies based on the Company s
revenue and earnings per share. These units cliff vest at the end of fiscal 2009. As of December
30, 2007, 20,000 units vested at a grant price of 23.91 per share in accordance with the former
CEO s retirement plan. At December 28, 2008, we reversed 1.7 million of previously recognized
compensation cost since it was determined that the Company will not achieve the revenue and
earnings per share targets set for in the 2007 LTIP plan during fiscal 2009.

On December 4, 2007, RSUs were awarded to certain key employees of the Company s Alpha Security
Products Division as part of the LTIP plan. The number of shares for these units varies based on
the Company s Alpha product revenues. These units have the potential to vest 33 per year, over a
three-year period ending at the end of fiscal 2010. The final value of these units will be
determined by the number of shares earned. The value of these units is charged to compensation
expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period with periodic adjustments to account for
changes in anticipated award amounts and estimated forfeitures rates. The weighted average price
for these RSUs was 21.84 per share. For fiscal year 2008, 0.2 million was charged to compensation
expense. As of December 28, 2008, total unamortized compensation expense for this grant was 0.3
million. As of December 28, 2008, the maximum achievable RSUs outstanding under this plan are
53,200 units. These RSUs reduce the shares available to grant under the 2004 Plan.

Stock Options 

Option activity under the principal option plans as of December 28, 2008 and changes during the
year then ended were as follows:

Weighted 

Average 

Weighted- 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Average 

Contractual 

Intrinsic 

Exercise 

Term 

Value 

Shares 

Price 

(in years) 

(in thousands) 

Outstanding at December 30, 2007

3,405,902 

17.45 

6.21 

28,950 

Granted

328,481 

21.82 

Exercised

(687,504) 

12.42 

Forfeited or expired

(166,553) 

22.60 

Outstanding at December 28, 2008

2,880,326 

18.85 

6.42 

25,079 

Vested and expected to vest at December 28, 2008

2,691,674 

18.60 

6.24 

25,079 

Exercisable at December 28, 2008

1,866,847 

16.60 

5.13 

25,079 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the
difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of fiscal 2008 and the
exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by
the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 28, 2008. This amount
changes based on the fair market value of the Company s stock. The total intrinsic value of options
exercised for the years ended December 28, 2008, 
December 30, 2007, and December 31, 2006, was 8.2
million, 3.1 million, and 5.8 million, respectively.

As of December 28, 2008,
 5.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock
options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years.

67 

Table of Contents 

Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R, the Company presented the tax benefit of stock option exercises
as operating cash flows. Upon the adoption of SFAS 123R, tax benefits resulting from tax deductions
in excess of the compensation cost recognized for those options are classified as financing cash
flows. Cash received from option exercises and purchases under the ESPP for the year ended December
28, 2008 was 9.0 million. The actual tax benefit realized for the tax deduction from option
exercises of the share-based payment units totaled 3.1 million and 1.7 million for the fiscal
years ended December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007. In adopting SFAS 123R, we have applied the
 Short-cut method in calculating the historical windfall tax benefits. All tax short falls will be
applied against this windfall before being charged to earnings.

Restricted Stock Units 

In 2006, 2007, and 2008 we issued service-based restricted stock units with vesting periods of
three to five years. These awards are valued using their intrinsic value on the date of grant. The
compensation expense is recognized straight-line over the vesting term.

Nonvested service-based restricted stock units as of December 28, 2008 and changes during the year
ended December 28, 2008 were as follows:

Weighted- 

Average Vest 

Weighted- 

Date 

Average Grant 

Shares 

(in years) 

Date Fair Value 

Nonvested at December 30, 2007

376,386 

1.48 

32.70 

Granted

280,074 

19.63 

Vested

(85,483) 

21.77 

Forfeited

(17,992) 

27.40 

Nonvested at December 28, 2008

552,985 

1.34 

36.45 

Vested and expected to vest at December 28, 2008

456,684 

1.13 

Vested at December 28, 2008

8,400 

The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during 2008 was 1.9 million as compared to
 0.8 million during 2007. As of December 28, 2008, there was 4.3 million unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock units. That cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years.

Note 9. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments in 2008, 2007, and 2006, included payments for interest of 5.2 million, 2.1
million, and 2.0 million, and income taxes of 17.0 million, 18.7 million, and 13.6 million,
respectively.

Non-cash investing and financing activities are excluded from the consolidated statement of cash
flows. For 2006, non-cash transfer of a sublease receivable of 10.3 million was transferred to
settle our capital lease obligation and excluded from our consolidated cash flow. The net of the
transaction was shown as an adjustment to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operating
activities. Additionally, we entered into new capital leases in 2006 of 0.4 million which were
excluded from the cash flow as they were non-cash transactions.

Business Acquisitions 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Fair value of tangible assets acquired, less cash acquired

12,492 

45,883 

10,755 

Goodwill and identified intangible assets

44,246 

155,239 

5,733 

Liabilities assumed

(17,109) 

(31,600) 

(9,135) 

Borrowings to fund acquisition

(75,000) 

Cash paid for acquisitions

39,629 

94,522 

7,353 

68 

Table of Contents 

Note 10. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

In October 2006, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that allowed for the
purchase of up to 2 million shares of the Company s common stock. During the first six months of
2008, the Company repurchased 2 million shares of its common stock at an average cost of 25.42,
spending a total of 50.9 million. This completed the repurchase of shares under the Company s
repurchase authorization that was put in place during the fourth quarter of 2006. Common stock
obtained by the Company through the repurchase program has been added to our treasury stock
holdings.

In March 1997, our Board of Directors adopted a new Shareholder s Rights Plan (1997 Plan). The
Rights under the 1997 Plan attached to the common shares of the Company as of March 24, 1997. The
Rights are designed to ensure all Company shareholders fair and equal treatment in the event of a
proposed takeover of the Company, and to guard against partial tender offers and other abusive
tactics to gain control of the Company without paying all shareholders a fair price.

The Rights are exercisable only as a result of certain actions of an acquiring person. Initially,
upon payment of the exercise price (currently 100.00), each Right will be exercisable for one
share of common stock. Upon the occurrence of certain events each Right will entitle its holder
(other than the acquiring person) to purchase a number of our or an acquiring person s common
shares having a market value of twice the Right s exercise price. The Rights expire on March 10,
2017.

The components of accumulated other comprehensive income at December 28, 2008 and at December 30,
2007 are as follows:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Actuarial losses on pension plans, net of tax

(2,862) 

(2,883) 

Unrealized gain adjustment on marketable securities, net of tax

16 

Derivative hedge contracts, net of tax 

880 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

18,132 

43,232 

Total

16,150 

40,365 

Note 11. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

For fiscal years 2008, 2007, and 2006, basic earnings per share are based on net earnings divided
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The following data shows
the amounts used in computing earnings per share and the effect on net earnings from continuing
operations and the weighted average number of shares of dilutive potential common stock:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Basic earnings available to common stockholders: 

Net (loss) earnings available to common stockholders from continuing operations

(29,805) 

58,409 

35,019 

Diluted (loss) earnings available to common stockholders from continuing operations

(29,805) 

58,409 

35,019 

Shares: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding

39,071 

39,550 

39,136 

Shares issuable under deferred compensation agreements

337 

311 

240 

Basic weighted average number of common shares Outstanding

39,408 

39,861 

39,376 

Common shares assumed upon exercise of stock options and awards

853 

839 

Shares issuable under deferred compensation arrangements

10 

18 

Dilutive weighted average number of common shares outstanding

39,408 

40,724 

40,233 

Basic (Loss) Earnings per Share: 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(.76) 

1.46 

.89 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

.01 

.02 

Basic (loss) earnings per share

(.76) 

1.47 

.91 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings per Share: 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations

(.76) 

1.43 

.87 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

.01 

.02 

Diluted (loss) earnings per share

(.76) 

1.44 

.89 

Anti-dilutive potential common shares are not included in our earnings per share calculation. The
Long-term Incentive Plan restricted stock units were excluded from our calculation due to the
performance of vesting criteria not being met.

The number of anti-dilutive common share equivalents for the years ended December 28, 2008,
December 30, 2007, and December 31, 2006 were as follows:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

(share amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted average
common share equivalents
associated with
anti-dilutive stock options
and restricted stock units
excluded from the
computation of diluted EPS (1):

2,151 

524 

541 

(1) Adjustments
for stock options and awards of 518 shares and deferred compensation
arrangements of 22 shares were anti-dilutive in fiscal 2008 and
therefore excluded from the earnings per share calculation due to our
net loss for the year.

69 

Table of Contents 

Note 12. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

On January 30, 2006, the Company completed the sale of its global barcode businesses included in
our Intelligent Labels segment, and the U.S. hand-held labeling and Turn-O-Matic 
businesses included in the Shrink Management Solutions segment for cash proceeds of 37 million,
plus the assumption of 5 million in liabilities. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain of 2.8
million 1.3 million, net of tax), included in discontinued operations, net of tax in the
consolidated statement of operations. During fiscal 2007, the post closing adjustments were
finalized and an additional gain of 0.4 million, net of tax, was recorded in discontinued
operations.

The Company s discontinued operations reflect the operating results for the disposal group through
the date of disposition. The results for the years ended December 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006
have been reclassified to show the results of operations for the barcode labeling systems and U.S.
hand-held labeling and Turn-O-Matic businesses as discontinued operations. Below is a
summary of these results:

December 30, 

December 31, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2007 

2006 

Net revenue

7,446 

Gross profit

1,433 

Selling,
general, administrative expenses

2,239 

Operating (loss)

(806) 

Gain on disposal

710 

2,768 

Earnings from discontinued operations before income taxes

710 

1,962 

Income taxes

351 

1,059 

Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax

359 

903 

Note 13. INCOME TAXES 

The domestic and foreign components of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and
minority interest are:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Domestic

(16,448) 

4,730 

(778) 

Foreign

(12,761) 

65,846 

42,753 

Total

(29,209) 

70,576 

41,975 

Provision for income taxes continuing operations:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Currently payable 

Federal

36 

(1,240) 

(760) 

State

12 

981 

582 

Puerto Rico

243 

1,058 

(58) 

Foreign

11,826 

18,255 

7,645 

Total currently payable

12,117 

19,054 

7,409 

Deferred 

Federal

(4,259) 

(80) 

1,315 

State

902 

(5,493) 

Puerto Rico

12 

(9) 

(121) 

Foreign

(8,053) 

(1,298) 

(1,616) 

Total deferred

(11,398) 

(6,880) 

(422) 

Total provision

719 

12,174 

6,987 

70 

Table of Contents 

Deferred tax assets/liabilities at December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007 consist of:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Inventory

6,650 

7,963 

Accounts receivable

2,158 

3,305 

Capitalized research and development costs

3,161 

Net operating loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards

53,635 

44,743 

Restructuring

31 

350 

Deferred revenue

1,345 

454 

Pension

6,555 

6,401 

Warranty

2,171 

1,529 

Deferred compensation

1,712 

2,194 

Stock based compensation

3,885 

2,647 

Valuation allowance

(22,717) 

(27,572) 

Deferred tax assets

58,586 

42,014 

Depreciation

(28) 

(724) 

Intangibles

10,993 

9,980 

Other

(1,095) 

2,658 

Withholding tax liabilities

945 

1,031 

Deferred tax liabilities

10,815 

12,945 

Net deferred
tax assets

47,771 

29,069 

At December 28, 2008, the net deferred tax asset related to net operating loss carryforwards is
 22.6 million, detailed as follows:

Expiration 
 
 Federal 

State 

International 

Total 

2009 2015

3,172 

1,459 

4,631 

2016 2022

2,127 

35 

2,162 

2023 2029

7,160 

2,125 

9,285 

Indefinite life

27,808 

27,808 

Deferred tax asset

7,160 

7,424 

29,302 

43,886 

Valuation allowance

(3,240) 

(18,018) 

(21,258) 

Net deferred position

7,160 

4,184 

11,284 

22,628 

We have
U.S. and U.K. foreign tax credit carryforwards of 9.7 million. The U.S. credits of 9.4
million have expiration dates ranging from 2012 to 2018. Realization is dependent on generating
sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of the foreign tax credit and loss carryforwards.
Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the net
deferred position will be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable,
however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the
carryforward period are reduced.

In June 2008, the Company purchased the stock
of OATSystems, Inc. As of December 28, 2008, we have provided a net deferred tax asset of
 8.4 million of which 7.7 million relates to a federal net operating loss carryforward.
 The federal net operating loss carryforward is subject to IRC 382 limitation.
 We feel that it is more likely than not the federal net operating loss will be utilized in the
 carryforward period. In addition, OATSystems has a deferred tax asset of 1.4 million
 related to state net operating loss carryforwards on which a full valuation
 allowance has been provided. The purchase accounting for OATSystems will be completed in 2009.

The tax effect of net operating losses includes 4.2 million which was acquired in connection with
the acquisition of ID Systems Group, Actron Group Limited, Meto AG and OATSystems, Inc.

At December 28, 2008, unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside the United States totaling 78.3
million were deemed to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized
with regards to the remittance of such earnings. It is not practical to estimate the income tax
liability that might be incurred if such earnings were remitted to the United States.

In 2007, we recorded an adjustment of 2.1 million to reduce deferred income tax expense, and
increase earnings from continuing operations and net earnings. We have determined that this
adjustment related to errors made in prior years associated with the impact of changes in statutory
rates on deferred taxes. Had these errors been recorded in the proper periods, earnings from
continuing operations and net earnings as reported would increase by 0.2 million in 2006 and
increase by 1.9 million for years prior to 2005. We have determined that these adjustments did not
have a material effect on the current and prior years financial statements. Without the reduction
to our income tax provision our 2007 effective rate would have been 20.3 rather than 17.2 .

71 

Table of Contents 

A reconciliation of the tax provision at the statutory U.S. Federal income tax rate with the tax
provision at the effective income tax rate follows:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Tax provision at the statutory Federal income tax rate

(10,222) 

24,702 

14,692 

Non-deductible goodwill

20,994 

Non-deductible permanent items

1,258 

(165) 

260 

State and local income taxes, net of Federal benefit

207 

634 

186 

Benefit from extraterritorial income

(70) 

Foreign losses for which no tax benefit recognized

3,122 

1,348 

801 

Foreign rate differentials

(13,356) 

(12,028) 

(6,982) 

Tax settlements

730 

Potential tax contingencies

1,214 

1,984 

(1,528) 

Change in valuation allowance

(3,574) 

(4,527) 

(453) 

Stock based compensation

365 

384 

308 

Other

(19) 

(158) 

(227) 

Tax provision at the effective tax rate

719 

12,174 

6,987 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits

12,714 

10,197 

Increases in tax positions for prior years

384 

Decreases in tax positions for prior years

(966) 

Increases in tax positions for current year

1,843 

1,128 

Settlements

(965) 

Acquisition reserves

1,063 

Lapse in statute of limitations

(106) 

(58) 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits

12,520 

12,714 

We adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes , on January 1, 2007. As a result of adoption, we
recognized a charge of 1.7 million to the January 1, 2007, retained earnings opening balance. The
total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax
rate was 12.5 million at December 28, 2008. We have accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. During fiscal year ending December 28,
2008, we accrued 0.8 million for interest and penalties. At December 28, 2008, we had accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of 6.1 million.

We file income tax returns in the U.S. and in various states, local and foreign jurisdictions. We
are routinely examined by tax authorities in these jurisdictions. It is possible that these
examinations may be resolved within twelve months. Due to the potential for resolution of Federal,
state and foreign examinations, and the expiration of various statutes of limitation, it is
reasonably possible that the gross unrecognized tax benefits balance may change within the next
twelve months by a range of 2.0 million to 3.6 million.

We are currently under audit in the following jurisdictions: United States
2005 2006, France 2005
 2007, Germany 2002 2004, and the United Kingdom 2001
 2005.

Note 14. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

Under our defined contribution savings plans, eligible employees may make basic (up to 6 of an
employee s earnings) and supplemental contributions. We match in cash 50 of the participant s
basic contributions. Company contributions vest to participants in increasing percentages over one
to five years of service. Our contributions under the plans approximated 1.2 million, 1.0
million, and 1.0 million, in 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.

Generally, all employees in the U.S. may participate in our U.S. Savings Plan. All full-time
employees of the Puerto Rico subsidiary who have completed three months of service may participate
in our Puerto Rico Savings Plan.

During fiscal 2005, we initiated a 423(b) Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which was adopted by the
shareholders at the Annual Shareholder Meeting on April 29, 2004. This plan replaces the
non-qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under the provisions of the 423(b) plan, eligible
employees may contribute from 1 to 25 of their base compensation to purchase shares of our common
stock at 85 percent of the fair market value on the offering date or the exercise date of the
offering period, whichever is lower. Our expense for this plan in fiscal 2008, 2007 and 2006 was
 0.4 million, 0.2 million, and 0.2 million, respectively. As of December 28, 2008, there were
75,416 shares authorized and available to be issued. During fiscal year 2008, 51,315 shares were
issued under this plan as compared to 52,352 shares in 2007 and 45,680 shares in 2006.

72 

Table of Contents 

We maintain deferred compensation plans for executives and non-employee directors. The executive
deferred compensation plan allows certain executives to defer portions of their salary and bonus
(up to 50 and 100 , respectively) into a deferred stock account. All deferrals in this plan are
matched 25 by the Company. The match vests in thirds at each calendar year end for three years
following the match. For executives over the age of 55 years old, the matching contribution vests
immediately. The settlement of this deferred stock account is required by the plan to be made only
in Company common stock. The deferral shares held in the deferred compensation plan are considered
outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share. The unvested match is
considered in the calculation of diluted earnings per share. Our match into the deferred stock
account under the executive plan for fiscal years 2008, 2007, and 2006 were approximately 0.3
million, 0.4 million, and 0.4 million, respectively. The match will be expensed ratably over a
three year vesting period for executives under 55 years old and immediate for those older than 55
years.

The director deferred compensation plan allows non-employee directors to defer their compensation
into a deferred stock account. All deferrals in this plan are matched 25 by the Company. The match
vests immediately. The settlement of this deferred stock account is required by the plan to be made
only in Company common stock. The deferral shares held in the deferred compensation plan are
considered outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share. Our match
into the deferred stock account under the director s plan approximated 0.1 million for fiscal
years 2008, 2007, and 2006.

Pension Plans 

We maintain several defined benefit pension plans, principally in Europe. The plans covered
approximately 10 of the total workforce at December 28, 2008. The benefits accrue according to the
length of service, age, and remuneration of the employee.

In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement 158, Employers 
Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans: an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R). Statement 158 requires the Company to recognize the funded
status of its defined benefit postretirement plan in the Company s statement of financial position.
The funded status was previously disclosed in the notes to the Company s financial statements, but
differed from the amount recognized in the statement of financial position.

The amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 28, 2008, and December
30, 2007, consist of:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Transition obligation

473 

633 

Prior service costs

23 

26 

Actuarial losses

5,441 

5,456 

Total

5,937 

6,115 

Deferred tax

(3,075) 

(3,232) 

Net

2,862 

2,883 

73 

Table of Contents 

The amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 28, 2008 and expected to
be recognized in net periodic pension cost during the years ended December 27, 2009 are as follows:

December 29, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2009 

Transition obligation

130 

Prior service costs

3 

Actuarial gain

(10) 

Total

123 

The Company does not expect to have any plan assets returned during the year ended December 27,
2009.

The Company expects to make contributions of 4.8 million during the year ended December 27, 2009.

The pension plans included the following net cost components:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Service cost

1,088 

1,420 

1,350 

Interest cost

4,623 

4,094 

3,505 

Expected return on plan assets

(72) 

(144) 

(144) 

Amortization of actuarial loss

(44) 

477 

569 

Amortization of transition obligation

137 

128 

117 

Amortization of prior service costs

2 

2 

2 

Net periodic pension cost

5,734 

5,977 

5,399 

Settlement (gain) loss

(37) 

(462) 

736 

Special termination benefit recognized

226 

Curtailment gain

(337) 

Total pension expense

5,697 

5,515 

6,024 

The table below sets forth the funded status of our plans and amounts recognized in the
accompanying balance sheets.

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Change in benefit obligation 

Net benefit obligation at beginning of year

86,340 

89,566 

Service cost

1,088 

1,420 

Interest cost

4,623 

4,094 

Actuarial (gain)

(60) 

(10,082) 

Gross benefits paid

(4,366) 

(6,925) 

Plan settlements

(37) 

(91) 

Divestment

(1,165) 

Acquisition

118 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes

(4,110) 

9,405 

Net benefit obligation at end of year

83,478 

86,340 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

1,454 

3,234 

Actual return on assets

(196) 

(613) 

Employer contributions

4,734 

5,534 

Gross benefits paid

(4,366) 

(6,925) 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes

(76) 

224 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

1,550 

1,454 

Reconciliation of funded status 

Funded status at end of year

(81,928) 

(84,886) 

74 

Table of Contents 

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Amounts recognized in accrued benefit consist of: 

Accrued pensions current

4,305 

4,337 

Accrued pensions

77,623 

80,549 

Net amount recognized at end of year

81,928 

84,886 

Other comprehensive income attributable to change in additional minimum liability recognition

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year

79,165 

81,824 

The following table sets forth additional fiscal year-ended information for pension plans for which
the accumulated benefit is in excess of plan assets:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Projected benefit obligation

83,478 

86,340 

Accumulated benefit obligation

79,165 

81,824 

Fair value of plan assets

1,550 

1,454 

The weighted average rate assumptions used in determining pension costs and the projected benefit
obligation are as follows:

December 28, 

December 30, 

2008 

2007 

Weighted average assumptions for year-end benefit obligations: 

Discount
rate (1)

5.75 

5.50 

Expected rate of increase in future compensation levels

2.77 

2.50 

Weighted average assumptions for net periodic benefit cost development: 

Discount
rate (1)

5.50 

4.50 

Expected rate of return on plan assets

4.25 

3.80 

Expected rate of increase in future compensation levels

2.52 

2.50 

Measurement Date: 

December 28, 2008 
 
 December 30, 2007 

(1) 
 
 Represents the weighted average rate for all pension plans. 

In developing the discount rate assumption, we considered the estimated plan durations of each of
our plans and selected a rate of a corresponding length of time. The source of the discount rate
was obtained by considering the yield curves available on AA rated corporate bonds in the Eurozone,
specifically the iboxx AA 10 index. This resulted in a discount rate of 5.75 and 5.50 for 2008
and 2007, respectively.

The majority of our pension plans are unfunded plans. The expected rate of the return was developed
using the historical rate of returns of the foreign government bonds currently held. This resulted
in the selection of the 4.25 long-term rate of return on asset assumption. For funded plans, all
assets are held in foreign government bonds.

The benefits expected to be paid over the next five years and the five aggregated years after:

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

2009

4,357 

2010

4,595 

2011

4,825 

2012

4,879 

2013

5,257 

2014 through 2017

26,862 

75 

Table of Contents 

Note 15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT , FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 

Fair Value Measurement 

As discussed in Note 1, we adopted FAS 157 on December 31, 2007, which among other things, requires
enhanced disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value. Our adoption of FAS 157
was limited to financial assets and liabilities, which primarily relate to our derivative
contracts.

We utilize the market approach to measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities. The
market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions
involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.

FAS 157 includes a fair value hierarchy that is intended to increase consistency and comparability
in fair value measurements and related disclosures. The fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to
valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value that are either observable or
unobservable. Observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing an
asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources while unobservable inputs
reflect a reporting entity s pricing based upon their own market assumptions. The fair value
hierarchy consists of the following three levels:

Level 1

- 
 
 Inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2

-

Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in an active
market, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable and market-corroborated inputs which are derived principally from
or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3

-

Inputs are derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant
inputs or value drivers are unobservable. 

Because the Company s derivatives are not listed on an exchange, the Company values these
instruments using a valuation model with pricing inputs that are observable in the market or that
can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. The Company s
methodology also incorporates the impact of both the Company s and the counterparty s credit
standing.

The following table represents our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of
December 28, 2008 and the basis for that measurement:

Total Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in 

Measurement 

Active Markets for 

Significant Other 

Significant 

December 28, 

Identical Asset 

Observable Inputs 

Unobservable Inputs 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts

901 

901 

Foreign currency revenue forecast contracts

48 

48 

Interest rate swap

916 

916 

Total liabilities

1,865 

1,865 

The following table provides a summary of the activity associated with all of our designated cash
flow hedges (interest rate and foreign currency) reflected in accumulated other comprehensive
income for the years ended December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007:

December 28, 

December 30, 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

Beginning balance, net of tax

Changes in fair value gain, net of tax

1,508 

Reclass to earnings, net of tax

(628) 

Ending balance, net of tax

880 

76 

Table of Contents 

The following table represents the carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments
not measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007:

December 28, 2008 

December 30, 2007 

Carrying 

Estimated 

Carrying 

Estimated 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Fair Value 

Amount 

Fair Value 

Long-term debt (including current maturities and excluding capital leases) (1)

133,596 

133,596 

94,914 

94,914 

(1) 
 
 The carrying amounts are reported on the balance sheet under the indicated captions. 

Long-term debt is carried at the original offering price, less any payments of principal. Rates
currently available to us for long-term borrowings with similar terms and remaining maturities are
used to estimate the fair value of existing borrowings as the present value of expected cash flows.
The senior unsecured credit facility maturity date is in the year 2010.

The carrying value approximates fair value for cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, and
accounts payable.

Financial Instruments and Risk Management 

We manufacture products in the USA, the Caribbean, Europe, the U.K.,and the Asia Pacific region for both the
local marketplace, and for export to our foreign subsidiaries. The subsidiaries, in turn, sell
these products to customers in their respective geographic areas of operation, generally in local
currencies. This method of sale and resale gives rise to the risk of gains or losses as a result of
currency exchange rate fluctuations on inter-company receivables and payables. Additionally, the
sourcing of product in one currency and the sales of product in a different currency can cause
gross margin fluctuations due to changes in currency exchange rates.

Our major market risk exposures are movements in foreign currency and interest rates. We have
historically not used financial instruments to minimize our exposure to currency fluctuations on
our net investments in and cash flows derived from our foreign subsidiaries. We have used
third-party borrowings in foreign currencies to hedge a portion of our net investments in and cash
flows derived from our foreign subsidiaries. We enter into forward exchange contracts to reduce the
risks of currency fluctuations on short-term inter-company receivables and payables. These
contracts are entered into with major financial institutions, thereby minimizing the risk of credit
loss. Our policy is to manage interest rates through the use of interest rate caps or swaps. We do
not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. We are
subject to other foreign exchange market risk exposure resulting from anticipated non-financial
instrument foreign currency cash flows which are difficult to reasonably predict, and have
therefore not been included in the table of Fair Values. All listed items described are
non-trading.

We have used third party borrowings in foreign currencies to hedge a portion of our net investments
in and cash flows derived from our foreign subsidiaries. As we reduce our third party foreign
currency borrowings, the effect of foreign currency fluctuations on our net investments in and cash
flows derived from our foreign subsidiaries increases.

We selectively purchase currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the risks of currency
fluctuations on short-term inter-company receivables and payables. These contracts guarantee a
predetermined exchange rate at the time the contract is purchased. This allows us to shift the
effect of positive or negative currency fluctuations to a third party. As of December 28, 2008, we
had currency forward exchange contracts totaling approximately 9.7 million. The fair value of the
forward exchange contracts was reflected as a 0.9 million liability and is included in other
current liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. The contracts are in the various local
currencies covering primarily our Western European, Canadian, and Australian operations.
Historically, we have not purchased currency forward exchange contracts where it is not
economically efficient, specifically for our operations in South America and Asia.

Beginning in the second quarter of 2008, we entered into various foreign currency contracts to
reduce our exposure to forecasted Euro-denominated inter-company revenues. These contracts were
designated as cash flow hedges. The foreign currency contracts mature at various dates from January
2009 to September 2009. The purpose of these cash flow hedges is to eliminate the currency risk
associated with Euro-denominated forecasted revenues due to changes in exchange rates. As of
December 28, 2008, the fair value of these cash flow hedges were reflected as a 48,000 liability
and are included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The
total notional amount of these hedges is 15.1 million 10.7 million) and the unrealized gain
recorded in other comprehensive income was 1.5 million (net of
taxes of 29,000). During the year ended December 28, 2008, a
 0.6 million benefit related to these foreign currency hedges was recorded to cost of goods sold as
the inventory was sold to external parties. The Company recognized no gain or loss during the year
ended December 28, 2008 for hedge ineffectiveness. As of December 28, 2008, deferred net gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive
income that are expected to be reclassified as earnings during the next twelve months are
approximately 1.5 million.

During the first quarter of 2008, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional
amount of 40 million and a maturity date of February 18, 2010. The purpose of this interest rate
swap agreement is to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature
of our senior unsecured credit facility. This interest rate swap was designated as a cash flow
hedge under SFAS 133. As of December 28, 2008, the fair value of the interest rate swap agreement
was reflected as a 0.9 million liability
and is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets and the unrealized loss recorded in other
comprehensive income was 0.6 million (net of taxes of 0.3 million). The
Company recognized no gain or loss during the year ended December 28, 2008 for hedge
ineffectiveness.

77 

Table of Contents 

During the second quarter of 2007, the Company entered into a foreign currency option contract, at
a notional amount of 5 million, to mitigate the effect of fluctuating foreign exchange rates on
the reporting of a portion of its expected 2007 foreign currency denominated earnings. Changes in
the fair value of this foreign currency option contract, which is not designated as a hedge, are
recorded in earnings immediately. The premium paid on the option contract was 73,000. The foreign
currency option contract expired on December 28, 2007. The fair market value on this option at the
expiration date was zero.

Aggregate
foreign currency transaction gains (losses) in 2008, 2007, and 2006, were (9.2) million,
 0.3 million, and (0.4) million, respectively, and are included in other gain, net on the
consolidated statements of operations.

Additionally, there were no deferrals of gains or losses on currency forward exchange contracts at
December 28, 2008.

Note 16. PROVISION FOR RESTRUCTURING 

Restructuring expense for the periods ended December 28, 2008, December 30, 2007, and December 31,
2006 were as follows:

(dollar amounts are in thousands) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Fiscal 2008 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Manufacturing Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

699 

Consulting fees

838 

2005 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

4,563 

1,215 

7,915 

Acquisition integration costs

519 

Pension curtailment

(420) 

(339) 

Pension termination benefit expense

226 

Lease termination costs

2,051 

2003 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

(253) 

(145) 

(409) 

Lease termination costs

76 

(386) 

Total

6,442 

2,701 

7,007 

Restructuring accrual activity for the periods ended December 28, 2008, and December 30, 2007, were
as follows:

(dollar amounts are in thousands) 

Charge 

Accrual at 

Charged 

Reversed 

Exchange 

Beginning 

to 

to 

Cash 

Rate 

Accrual at 

Fiscal 2008 
 
 of Year 

Earnings 

Earnings 

Payments 

Changes 

12/28/08 

Manufacturing Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

701 

(2) 

(37) 

(10) 

652 

2005 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

3,015 

5,362 

(799) 

(4,141) 

(135) 

3,302 

Acquisition restructuring costs

1,209 

(612) 

(29) 

568 

Total

4,224 

6,063 

(801) 

(4,790) 

(174) 

4,522 

Charge 

Accrual at 

Charged 

Reversed 

Exchange 

Beginning 

Acquisition 

to 

to 

Cash 

Rate 

Accrual at 

Fiscal 2007 
 
 of Year 

Restructuring 

Earnings 

Earnings 

Payments 

Changes 

12/30/07 

2005 Restructuring Plan 

Severance and other employee-related charges

6,786 

2,096 

(881) 

(5,287) 

301 

3,015 

Acquisition restructuring costs (1)

1,125 

84 

1,209 

Total

6,786 

1,125 

2,096 

(881) 

(5,287) 

385 

4,224 

(1) 
 
 During 2007, restructuring costs of 1.2 million included as a
cost of the SIDEP acquisition 1.1 million related to employee
severance and 0.1 million related to the cost to abandon
facilities) were accounted for under Emerging Issues Task Force
Issue No. 95-3 Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with
Purchase Business Combinations. These costs were recognized as an
assumed liability in the acquisition and were included in the
purchase price allocation at November 9, 2007. 

78 

Table of Contents 

Manufacturing Restructuring Plan 

In August 2008, we announced a manufacturing and supply chain restructuring program designed to
accelerate profitable growth in our Check-Net business and to support incremental improvements in
our EAS hardware and labels businesses.

For the year ended December 28, 2008, a net charge of 1.5 million was recorded in connection with
the Manufacturing Restructuring Plan. The charge was composed of 0.7 million of severance accruals
and 0.8 million of consulting fees.

The total number of employees affected by the Manufacturing Restructuring Plan were 18, of which 3
have been terminated. The remaining terminations are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal
year 2010. The anticipated total cost is expected to approximate 3.0 million to 4.0 million, of
which 1.5 million has been incurred and 0.9 million has been paid. Termination benefits are
planned to be paid one month to 24 months after termination.

2005 Restructuring Plan 

In the second quarter of 2005, we initiated actions focused on reducing our overall operating
expenses. This plan included the implementation of a cost reduction plan designed to consolidate
certain administrative functions in Europe and a commitment to a plan to restructure a portion of
our supply chain manufacturing to lower cost areas. During the fourth quarter 2006, we continued to
review the results of the overall initiatives and added an additional reduction focused on the
reorganization of senior management to focus on key markets and customers. This additional
restructuring reduced our management by 25 .

For the year ended December 28, 2008, a net charge of 5.1 million was recorded in connection with
the 2005 Restructuring Plan. The charge was composed of 4.6 million of severance accruals and 0.5
million related to SIDEP acquisition integration costs.

A net charge of 2.8 million was recorded in 2007 in connection with the 2005 Restructuring Plan.
The charge was composed of 1.2 million of severance accruals and 2.0 million of lease termination
and related costs, partially offset by 0.4 million related to settlements on pension liabilities
resulting from employees who left due to the restructuring plan.

A net charge of 7.8 million was recorded in 2006 in connection with the 2005 Restructuring Plan.
Included in the net charge was 7.2 million related to severance and a 0.7 million litigation
settlement accrual related to employees previously terminated according to the restructuring plan
in certain countries. Also included in the net charge was a 0.3 million pension curtailment gain
related to employees previously terminated according to the restructuring plan in certain countries
and an expense of 0.2 million for a special termination benefit provided to one employee according
to the employee s termination agreement.

The total number of employees affected by the 2005 Restructuring Plan were 858, of which 853 have
been terminated. The remaining terminations are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year
2009. The anticipated total cost is expected to approximate 30 million to 31 million, of which
 30 million has been incurred and 27 million has been paid. Termination benefits are planned to be
paid one month to 24 months after termination.

2003 Restructuring Plan 

During 2008, we reversed 0.3 million of previously accrued severance and incurred 0.1 million of
lease termination costs related to the 2003 Restructuring Plan.

During 2007, we reversed 0.1 million of previously accrued severance related to the 2003
Restructuring Plan.

During 2006, we reversed 0.8 million related to the 2003 Restructuring Plan. This was composed of
 0.4 million related to the release of our lease reserve to income as we have obtained a sublease
for the property previously reserved and a 0.4 million severance reversal.

79 

Table of Contents 

Note 17. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

We lease certain production facilities, offices, distribution centers, and equipment. Rental
expense for all operating leases approximated 15.1 million, 26.7 million, and 14.7 million, in
2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively.

Future minimum payments for operating leases and capital leases having non-cancelable terms in
excess of one year at December 28, 2008 are:

Capital 

Operating 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Leases 

Leases 

Total 

2009

258 

14,613 

14,871 

2010

72 

10,602 

10,674 

2011

26 

6,686 

6,712 

2012

13 

4,944 

4,957 

2013

3 

2,777 

2,780 

Thereafter

3,101 

3,101 

Total minimum lease payments

372 

42,723 

43,095 

Less: amounts representing interest

34 

Present value of minimum lease payments

338 

Contingencies 

We are involved in certain legal and regulatory actions, all of which have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. Management believes that the ultimate resolution of such matters is unlikely to
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and/or financial
condition, except as described below.

Matters related to ID Security Systems Canada Inc. versus Checkpoint Systems, Inc. 

On June 22, 2006, the Company settled the follow-on purported class action suits that were filed in
connection with the ID Security Systems Canada Inc. litigation. The purported class action
complaints generally alleged a claim of monopolization. The settlement was for 1.45 million in
cash and credits for the purchase of 90 million radio frequency label tags. As a result, we
recorded a pre-tax charge to earnings of 2.3 million in fiscal 2006. As a portion of the
settlement is in the form of vouchers for the future purchases of tags, the settlement is
anticipated to impact revenue and margin over the term of the redemption period for the vouchers.

Matter related to All-Tag Security S.A., et al 

The Company originally filed suit on May 1, 2001, alleging that the disposable, deactivatable radio
frequency security tag manufactured by All-Tag Security S.A. and All-Tag Security Americas, Inc. s
(jointly All-Tag and sold by Sensormatic Electronics Corporation (Sensormatic) infringed on a
U.S. Patent No. 4,876,555 (Patent) owned by the Company. On April 22, 2004, the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania granted summary judgment to defendants
All-Tag and Sensormatic on the ground that the Company s Patent was invalid for incorrect
inventorship. The Company appealed this decision. On June 20, 2005, the Company won an appeal when
the Federal Circuit reversed the grant of summary judgment and remanded the case to the District
Court for further proceedings. On January 29, 2007 the case went to trial. On February 13, 2007, a
jury found in favor of the defendants on infringement, the validity of the Patent and the
enforceability of the Patent. On June 20, 2008, the Court entered judgment in favor of defendants
based on the jury s infringement and enforceability findings. On February 10, 2009 the Court
granted defendants motions for attorneys fees under Section 285 of the Patent Statute. The
district court will have to quantify the amount of attorneys fees to be awarded, but it is
expected that defendants will request approximately 5.7 million plus interest. The Company
recognized this amount during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2008 in litigation
settlements on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company intends to appeal any award
of legal fees.

Note 18. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK 

Our foreign subsidiaries, along with many foreign distributors, provide diversified international
sales thus minimizing credit risk to one or a few distributors. Domestically, our sales are well
diversified among numerous retailers in the apparel, drug, home entertainment, mass merchandise,
music, shoe, supermarket, and video markets. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our
customers financial condition and generally require no collateral from our customers.

80 

Table of Contents 

Note 19. BUSINESS SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 

Historically, we have reported our results of operations into three segments: Security, Labeling
Services, and Retail Merchandising. During the fourth quarter of 2007, we began reporting our
segments into three new segments: Shrink Management Solutions, Intelligent Labels, and Retail
Merchandising. Fiscal 2006 has been conformed to reflect the segment change.

Our reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer distinctive products and
services that are marketed through different channels. We have three reportable business segments:

i 
 
 Shrink Management Solutions includes electronic article surveillance (EAS) systems,
closed-circuit television (CCTV) systems, and fire and intrusion systems. 

ii 
 
 Intelligent Labels includes electronic article surveillance labels,
Check-Net (service bureau), intelligent library systems, and radio frequency
identification (RFID) tags and labels. 

iii 
 
 Retail Merchandising includes hand-held labeling systems (HLS) and retail display
systems (RDS). 

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of
significant accounting policies.

The business segment information set forth below is that viewed by the chief operating decision
maker:

(A) 
 
 Business Segments 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Business segment net revenue: 

Shrink Management Solutions

565,067 

478,526 

383,932 

Intelligent Labels

257,635 

259,282 

219,389 

Retail Merchandising

94,380 

96,348 

84,454 

Total

917,082 

834,156 

687,775 

Business segment gross profit: 

Shrink Management Solutions

230,453 

190,379 

149,505 

Intelligent Labels

100,983 

109,487 

100,654 

Retail Merchandising

46,663 

46,106 

41,532 

Total gross profit

378,099 

345,972 

291,691 

Operating expenses

395,276 
 (1) 

279,154 
 (2) 

253,608 
 (3) 

Interest (expense) income, net

(3,108) 

3,096 

2,751 

Other (loss) gain, net

(8,924) 

662 

1,141 

(Loss) earnings from continuing
operations before income taxes and
minority interest

(29,209) 

70,576 

41,975 

Business segment total assets: 

Shrink Management Solutions

495,187 

548,071 

Intelligent Labels

421,239 

334,865 

Retail Merchandising

69,290 

148,108 

Total

985,716 

1,031,044 

(1) 
 
 Includes a 59.6 million goodwill impairment charge, 6.4 million
restructuring charge, a 6.2 million litigation settlement charge, a
 3.0 million intangible asset impairment charge, a 1.5 million fixed
asset impairment charge, and a 1.0 million gain from the sale of our
Czech subsidiary. 

(2) 
 
 Includes a 2.7 million restructuring charge, a 4.4 million charge
related to our CEO transition, and a 2.6 million gain from the sale
of our Austria subsidiary. 

(3) 
 
 Includes a 7.0 million restructuring charge, a 2.3 million
litigation settlement charge, and a 2.0 million gain from the
settlement of a capital lease. 

(B) 
 
 Geographic Information 

Operating results are prepared on a country of domicile basis, meaning that net revenues and
gross profit are included in the geographic area where the selling entity is located. Assets are
included in the geographic area in which the producing entities are located. A direct sale from the
U.S. to an unaffiliated customer in South America is reported as a sale in the U.S. Inter-area
sales between our locations are made at transfer prices that approximate market price and have been
eliminated from consolidated net

81 

Table of Contents 

revenues. Gross profit for the individual area includes the profitability on a transfer price
basis, generated by sales of our products imported from other geographic areas. International
Americas is defined as all countries in North and South America, excluding the United States
Puerto Rico, and Dominican Republic.

The following table shows net revenues, gross profit, and other financial information by geographic
area for the years 2008, 2007, and 2006:

United States, 

Puerto Rico, 

International 

Asia 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Dominican Republic 

Europe 
 
 Americas 

Pacific 

Total 

2008 

Net revenues from unaffiliated customers

319,929 

438,011 

35,433 

123,709 

917,082 

Gross profit

143,795 

168,013 

14,529 

51,762 

378,099 

Long-lived assets

196,241 

192,627 

3,286 

45,908 

438,062 

2007 

Net revenues from unaffiliated customers

275,212 

412,416 

37,125 

109,403 

834,156 

Gross profit

122,630 

161,457 

12,462 

49,423 

345,972 

Long-lived assets

158,127 

262,377 

7,021 

58,966 

486,491 

2006 

Net revenues from unaffiliated customers

237,108 

340,171 

31,048 

79,448 

687,775 

Gross profit

102,987 

136,534 

12,269 

39,901 

291,691 

Note 20. MINORITY INTEREST 

On July 1, 1997, Checkpoint Systems Japan Co. Ltd. (Checkpoint Japan), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company, issued newly authorized shares to Mitsubishi Materials Corporation (Mitsubishi) in
exchange for cash.

In February 2006, Checkpoint Japan repurchased 26 of these shares from Mitsubishi in exchange for
 0.2 million in cash. The remaining shares held by Mitsubishi represent 15 of the adjusted
outstanding shares of Checkpoint Japan.

Our consolidated balance sheets include 100 of the assets and liabilities of Checkpoint Japan.
Mitsubishi s 15 interest in Checkpoint Japan and the earnings there from have been reflected as
minority interest on our consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations,
respectively.

82 

Table of Contents 

Note 21. QUARTERLY INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

QUARTERS (unaudited) 

(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Year 

2008 

Net revenues

209,620 

236,200 

233,995 

237,267 

917,082 

Gross profit

86,479 

97,941 

97,631 

96,048 

378,099 

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations

4,798 
 (1) 

14,356 
 (2) 

12,776 
 (3) 

(61,735) 
 (4) (5) 

(29,805) 

Net earnings

4,798 
 (1) 

14,356 
 (2) 

12,776 
 (3) 

(61,735) 
 (4) (5) 

(29,805) 

Earnings
(loss) per share from continuing operations:

Basic

.12 

.36 

.33 

(1.58) 

(.76) 

Diluted

.12 

.36 

.33 

(1.58) 

(.76) 

Net
earnings (loss) per share:

Basic

.12 

.36 

.32 

(1.58) 

(.76) 

Diluted

.12 

.36 

.32 

(1.58) 

(.76) 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Year 

2007 

Net revenues

171,202 

195,702 

204,589 

262,663 

834,156 

Gross profit

70,279 

82,995 

85,648 

107,050 

345,972 

Earnings from continuing operations

4,966 
 (6) 

14,574 
 (7) 

14,347 

24,522 
 (8) (9) 

58,409 

Net earnings

4,966 
 (6) 

15,097 
 (7) 

14,338 

24,367 
 (8) (9) 

58,768 

Earnings per share from continuing operations:

Basic

.13 

.37 

.36 

.61 

1.46 

Diluted

.12 

.36 

.35 

.60 

1.43 

Net earnings per share:

Basic

.13 

.38 

.36 

.61 

1.47 

Diluted

.12 

.37 

.35 

.59 

1.44 

(1) 
 
 Includes a 0.7 million restructuring charge (net of tax) and a 0.8 deferred compensation adjustment (net
of tax) from prior periods (see Note 1 Out of Period Adjustments for additional information). 

(2) 
 
 Includes a 2.1 million restructuring charge (net of tax) and a 4.8 million valuation allowance adjustment. 

(3) 
 
 Includes a 0.5 million restructuring charge (net of tax), 0.3 million litigation settlement expense (net
of tax), and a 1.0 million gain from the sale of the Czech Republic subsidiary (net of tax). 

(4) 
 
 Includes a 58.5 million goodwill impairment charge (net of tax), a 3.5 million litigation settlement
charge (net of tax), a 2.2 million intangible asset impairment charge (net of tax), a 1.6 million
restructuring charge (net of tax), and a 0.8 million fixed asset impairment charge (net of tax). 

(5) 
 
 Includes a 0.8 million out of period adjustment related to the accounting for a building
impairment in France (see Note 1 Out of Period
Adjustments for additional information). 

(6) 
 
 Includes a 0.3 million restructuring charge (net of tax). 

(7) 
 
 Includes a 0.2 million restructuring charge (net of tax). 

(8) 
 
 Includes a 2.0 million restructuring charge (net of tax), a 2.9 million charge related to our CEO
transition (net of tax), and a 2.5 million gain from the sale of our Austrian subsidiary (net of tax). 

(9) 
 
 Includes a 2.1 million out of period adjustment related to income taxes (see Note 1 Out of Period
Adjustments for additional information). 

83 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There are no changes or disagreements to report under this item.

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of
December 28, 2008.

Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting for the Company. With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 28, 2008 based on the Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 28, 2008.

The scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December
28, 2008 excluded OATSystems because it was acquired in a purchase business combination in June
2008. OATSystems represented 3.9 of total assets at December 28, 2008, and generated 0.3 of total
revenue during fiscal year 2008.

Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has issued an audit
report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Item
8 of this report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred
during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter of 2008 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

84 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this Item (except for the information regarding executive officers
called for by Item 401 of Regulation S-K, which is included in Part I hereof in accordance with
General Instruction G (3)) is hereby incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy
Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders presently scheduled to be held on June 3, 2009,
which management expects to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the Registrant s fiscal
year.

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the Code of Ethics as required by the
listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and the rules of the SEC. This Code of Ethics
applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. We have also adopted corporate governance
guidelines (the Governance Guidelines and a charter for each of our Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee (collectively, the Committee
Charters ). We have posted the Code of Ethics, the Governance Guidelines and each of the Committee
Charters on our website at www.checkpointsystems.com, and will post on our website any amendments
to, or waivers from, the Code of Ethics applicable to any of its directors or executive officers.
The foregoing information will also be available in print upon request.

Item 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders presently scheduled to be held on
June 3, 2009, which management expects to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the
Registrant s fiscal year.

Note that the sections of our Definitive Proxy Statement entitled Compensation and Stock Option
Committee Report on Executive Compensation pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 402 (a)(9) are not
deemed soliciting material or filed as part of this report.

Item 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders presently scheduled to be held on
June 3, 2009, which management expects to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the
Registrant s fiscal year.

Item 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders presently scheduled to be held on
June 3, 2009, which management expects to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the
Registrant s fiscal year.

Item 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Registrant s
Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders presently scheduled to be held on
June 3, 2009, which management expects to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the
Registrant s fiscal year.

85 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All other schedules are omitted either because they are not applicable, not required, or because
the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto:

1. 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Checkpoint Systems, Inc. were included in Item 8 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2008 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 28, 2008 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 28, 2008 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 28, 2008 
 51 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 52-83 

2. 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements schedules of Checkpoint Systems, Inc. is included 
Financial Statement Schedule, Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 89 

86 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized in Thorofare, New Jersey, on February 26, 2009.

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 

/s/ Robert P. van der Merwe

Chairman of the Board of Directors, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Robert P. van der Merwe

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President
and Chief Executive Officer

February 26, 2009 

/s/ Raymond D. Andrews

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

February 26, 2009 

/s/ William S. Antle, III

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ George Babich, Jr.

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ Harald Einsmann

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ R. Keith Elliott

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ Alan R. Hirsig

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ George W. Off

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ Jack W. Partridge

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ Sally Pearson

Director

February 26, 2009 

/s/ Robert N. Wildrick

Director

February 26, 2009 

87 

Table of Contents 

3. Exhibits 

Exhibit 3.1

Articles of Incorporation, as amended, are hereby
incorporated by reference to Item 14(a), Exhibit 3(i) of the
Registrant s 1990 Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 14,
1991. 

Exhibit 3.2

By-Laws, as Amended and Restated, are hereby incorporated by
reference Item 5.03, Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2007. 

Exhibit 3.3

Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation are
hereby incorporated by reference to Item 5.03, Exhibit 3.1
of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on December 28, 2007. 

Exhibit 4.1

Rights Agreement by and between Registrant and American
Stock and Transfer and Trust Company dated as of March 10,
1997, is hereby incorporated by reference to Item 14(a),
Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s 1996 Form 10-K filed with
the SEC on March 17, 1997. 

Exhibit 4.2

Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement dated as of March 2,
2007 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of
the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on March 8, 2007. 

Exhibit 10.1 

Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (1992) is hereby
incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for 1997
filed with the SEC on March 23, 1998. 

Exhibit 10.2

Consulting and Deferred Compensation Agreement with Albert
E. Wolf, are incorporated by reference to Item(a), Exhibit
10(c) of the Registrant s 1994 Form 10-K. 

Exhibit 10.3

Credit Agreement dated March 4, 2005, by and among
Registrant, Wachovia Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and
the lenders named therein, is incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed
on March 9, 2005. 

Exhibit 10.4 

Employment Agreement with Per Harold Levin is incorporated
by reference to Item 6(a), Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s
Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2004. 

Exhibit 10.5 

Amendment to Employment Agreement with Per Harold Levin is
incorporated by reference to Item 6(a), Exhibit 10.5 of the
Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2004. 

Exhibit 10.6 

Employment Agreement with John R. Van Zile is Incorporated
by reference to Item 6(a), Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s
Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2004. 

Exhibit 10.7 

2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan as Appendix A to
the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed with the SEC
on March 29, 2004, is incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit 10.8 

423 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as Appendix A to the
Company s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed with the SEC on
March 29, 2004, is incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit 10.9 

Employment Agreement by and between Robert P. van der Merwe
and Checkpoint Systems, Inc. dated December 27, 2007 is
incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for 2007
filed with the SEC on February 28, 2008. 

Exhibit 12

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

Exhibit 21

Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

Exhibit 23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

Exhibit 31.1

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 31.2

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer pursuant to 18 United States Code Section
1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

88 

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Allowance For Doubtful Accounts 

Balance at 

Additions 

Charged to 

Deductions 

Beginning 

Through 

Costs and 

(Write-Offs and 

Balance at 

Year 
 
 of Year 

Acquisition 

Expenses 

Recoveries, net) 

End of Year 

2008

15,839 

27 

5,783 

(3,235) 

18,414 

2007

12,417 

2,244 

2,330 

(1,152) 

15,839 

2006

11,823 

2,442 

(1,848) 

12,417 

Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance 

Release of 

Allowance 

Release of 

Allowance on 

Balance at 

Additions 

Recorded on 

Allowance on 

Losses 

Beginning 

Through 

Current Year 

Current Year 

Expired or 

Balance at 

Year 
 
 of Year 

Acquisition 

Losses 

Utilization 

Revalued 

End of Year 

2008

27,572 

1,449 

3,122 

(697) 

(8,729) 

22,717 

2007

34,510 

1,563 

854 

(9,355) 

27,572 

2006

26,477 

801 

(151) 

7,383 

34,510 

89 

<EX-12>
 2
 w72903exv12.htm
 EX-12

exv12 

EXHIBIT 12 

EXHIBIT 12 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
(UNAUDITED) 

(amounts in thousands) 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Interest expense (1)

5,955 

2,534 

2,307 

4,192 

8,467 

Interest factor in rental expense

5,021 

5,102 

4,898 

5,673 

6,871 

(a) Fixed charges, as defined

10,976 

7,636 

7,205 

9,865 

15,338 

(Loss) earnings from continuing operations
before income taxes and minority interest

(29,209) 

70,576 

41,975 

40,127 

21,031 

Fixed charges

10,976 

7,636 

7,205 

9,865 

15,338 

(b) Earnings, as defined

(18,233) 

78,212 

49,180 

49,992 

36,369 

(c) Ratio of earnings to fixed charges (b / a)

10.2x 

6.8x 

5.1x 

2.4x 

(1) 
 
 Includes amortization of finance costs. 

The ratio of earnings to fixed charges is computed by dividing earnings by fixed charges.
 Earnings consist of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and minority interest
plus income from an equity method investee plus fixed charges. Fixed Charges consist of interest
expense plus one-third of rental expense (which amount is considered representative of the interest
factor in rental expense). Earnings, as defined, were not sufficient to cover fixed charges by
approximately 29 million for fiscal year ended December 28, 2008.

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 3
 w72903exv21.htm
 EX-21

exv21 

Exhibit 21 

EXHIBIT 21 

CHECKPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES

Checkpoint Systems S.A.

Argentina 

Checkpoint Systems (AUST/NZ) Pty Limited

Australia 

Meto Australia Pty Ltd

Australia 

Checkpoint Systems Bangladesh Ltd.

Bangladesh 

Actron Belgium and Luxembourg N.V.

Belgium 

Checkpoint Belgium N.V.

Belgium 

Checkpoint Europe N.V.

Belgium 

Checkpoint Systems Benelux B.V.

Belgium 

D D Security, N.V.

Belgium 

Meto N.V.

Belgium 

Checkpoint do Brasil Ltda.

Brazil 

Checkpoint Canada ULC

Canada 

Checkpoint Caribbean, Ltd

Cayman Island 

Checkpoint Commercial (Shanghai) Co., Ltd

China 

Checkpoint Systems (ZJG) Co.,Ltd

China 

Shanghai Asialco Electronics Co. Ltd

China 

Sidep Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

China 

Checkpoint Systems Danmark A/S

Denmark 

Checkpoint
Systems Finland Oy

Finland 

Checkpoint Systems France S.A.S.

France 

Checkpoint Solutions GmbH

Germany 

Checkpoint Systems Europe GmbH

Germany 

Checkpoint Systems GmbH

Germany 

Checkpoint Systems Holding GmbH

Germany 

Checkpoint Systems International GmbH

Germany 

Asange Limited

Hong Kong 

Ashanko Limited

Hong Kong 

Checkpoint Labelling Services HK Limited

Hong Kong 

Checkpoint Systems Hong Kong Ltd.

Hong Kong 

Invizion Limited

Hong Kong 

Checkpoint Checknet India Pvt Ltd

India 

Checkpoint Systems India Private Limited

India 

OATSystems Private Limited

India 

OATSystems Software India Private Limited

India 

Checkpoint Systems Italia S.p.A.

Italy 

Checkpoint Manufacturing Japan Co.,Ltd

Japan 

Checkpoint Systems Japan Co., Ltd

Japan 

Checkpoint Systems (M) Sdn Bhd

Malaysia 

Checkpoint Systems Sales (M) Sdn Bhd

Malaysia 

Checkpoint de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

Checkpoint Holland Holding B.V.

Netherlands 

Checkpoint Systems Benelux B.V.

Netherlands 

CP International Systems CV

Netherlands 

Kimball Systems B.V.

Netherlands 

Checkpoint Limited

New Zealand 

Checkpoint Systems Norge as.

Norway 

Checkpoint Systems (CEE) Spokia z.o.o.

Poland 

Checkpoint Portugal Sistemas Anti-Furto S.A.

Portugal 

Checkpoint Systems (SK) S.R.O.

Slovak Republic 

Checkpoint Systems Espana S.A.

Spain 

Checkpoint Systems Sverige AB

Sweden 

Turn-O-Matic International AB

Sweden 

Checkpoint System AG

Switzerland 

Checkpoint Checknet Etiket Limited Sirketi

Turkey 

Actron U.K. Ltd.

United Kingdom 

ADS (United Kingdom) Ltd

United Kingdom 

ADS UK Ltd

United Kingdom 

ADS Solutions Limited

United Kingdom 

ADS Worldwide Limited

United Kingdom 

Avenue Data Systems Ltd.

United Kingdom 

Checkpoint Systems (UK) Ltd

United Kingdom 

Evagard Ltd

United Kingdom 

Meto U.K. Ltd.

United Kingdom 

OAT System UK Ltd

United Kingdom 

Checkpoint
International LLC

United States 

OATSystems, Inc.

United States 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 w72903exv23.htm
 EX-23

exv23 

EXHIBIT
23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No.
333-35539, No. 333-83842, and No. 333-126981) of Checkpoint Systems, Inc. of our report dated
February 26, 2009 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
February 26, 2009

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 w72903exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

exv31w1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
as Adopted Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert P. van der Merwe, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Checkpoint Systems, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 26, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ ROBERT P. VAN DER MERWE 

Chairman of the Board, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 w72903exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

exv31w2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
as Adopted Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Raymond D. Andrews, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Checkpoint Systems, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 26, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ RAYMOND D. ANDREWS 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 w72903exv32.htm
 EX-32

exv32 

EXHIBIT 32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
as Adopted Pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Checkpoint Systems, Inc. (the Company for
the year ended December 28, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), Robert P. van der Merwe, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and
Raymond D. Andrews, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of
his and her knowledge, respectively, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: February 26, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ ROBERT P. VAN DER MERWE 

Title: Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: February 26, 2009 
 By: 
 /s/ RAYMOND D. ANDREWS 

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing.

</EX-32>

