<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20090225_10-K_edgar_data_1019737_0000950137-09-001276.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1248683</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270523</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12473</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>763225</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950137-09-001276.hdr.sgml : 20090225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090225114354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-09-001276
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NAVIGANT CONSULTING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001019737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				364094854
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12173
		FILM NUMBER:		09632857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 S. WACKER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3550
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3125735650

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 S. WACKER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3550
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METZLER GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Q7GYv0utDG20rytgeXfBwOLWHzqoKdlgt8Kf6lqlo26Qa8NFEVZulQGru3hLJ7Bu
 Kt7ulVl2lgZ5ld77AsyxKg==

 0000950137-09-001276.txt : 20090225

10-K
 1
 c49325e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

10-K 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
 COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2008 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File
 No. 1-12173 

Navigant Consulting,
 Inc. 

(Exact name of Registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 (State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 

36-4094854 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

30 South Wacker Drive, Suite 3550, Chicago, Illinois
 60606 

(Address of principal executive
 offices, including zip code) 

(312) 573-5600 

(Registrant s telephone
 number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

New York Stock Exchange 
 New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing
 requirements for the past
 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in a definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in Rule
 12b-2 of the
 Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large
 accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Non-accelerated 
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting
 company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). YES NO 

As of February 25, 2009, approximately 49.0 million
 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001
 per share Common Stock ), were outstanding. The
 aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by
 non-affiliates, based upon the closing sale price of the stock
 on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2008, was
 approximately 947.0 million. The registrant s Proxy
 Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, scheduled to
 be held on May 6, 2009, is incorporated by reference into
 Part III of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1.

Business

3

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

8

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

13

Item 2.

Properties

13

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

13

Item 4.

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

14

Executive Officers of the Registrant

14

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

15

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data

18

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations

19

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

35

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

35

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure

36

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

36

Item 9B.

Other Information

36

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

38

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

38

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
 and Related Stockholder Matters

38

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence

38

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

38

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

39

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Income

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-7

2

PART I 

Statements included in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 which are not historical in nature, are intended to be, and are
 hereby identified as forward-looking statements for
 purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
 1995. Such statements appear in a number of places in this
 report, including, without limitation, Item 7,
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations. When used in this
 report, the words anticipate, believe, 
 intend, estimate, expect, 
 and similar expressions are intended to identify such
 forward-looking statements. We caution readers that there may be
 events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict
 or control and the information contained in the forward-looking
 statements is inherently uncertain and subject to a number of
 risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from
 those indicated in the forward-looking statements including,
 without limitation: the success of the Company s
 organizational changes; risks inherent in international
 operations, including foreign currency fluctuations; ability to
 make acquisitions; pace, timing and integration of acquisitions;
 impairment charges; management of professional staff, including
 dependence on key personnel, recruiting, attrition and the
 ability to successfully integrate new consultants into our
 practices; utilization rates; conflicts of interest; potential
 loss of clients; our clients financial condition and their
 ability to make payments to us; risks inherent with litigation;
 higher risk client assignments; professional liability;
 potential legislative and regulatory changes; continued access
 to capital; and general economic conditions. Further information
 on these and other potential factors that could affect our
 financial results is included in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 and prior filings with the SEC under the Risk
 Factors sections and elsewhere in those filings. We cannot
 guarantee any future results, levels of activity, performance or
 achievement and we undertake no obligation to update any of our
 forward-looking statements.

Item 1. 

Business. 

Navigant Consulting, Inc. (referred to throughout this document
 as we , us or our is an
 independent specialty consulting firm combining deep industry
 expertise and integrated solutions to assist companies and their
 legal counsel in addressing the challenges of uncertainty and
 risk, and leveraging opportunities for overall business model
 improvement. Professional services include dispute,
 investigative, financial, operational and business advisory,
 risk management and regulatory advisory, strategy, economic
 analysis and transaction advisory solutions. Navigant Consulting
 is not a certified public accounting firm and does not provide
 audit, attest, or public accounting services.
 Navigant is a service mark of Navigant
 International, Inc. Navigant Consulting, Inc. is not affiliated,
 associated, or in any way connected with Navigant International,
 Inc. and our use of Navigant is made under license
 from Navigant International, Inc.

We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Chicago,
 Illinois. Our executive office is located at 30 South
 Wacker Drive, Suite 3550, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Our
 telephone number is
 (312) 573-5600. 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
 the symbol NCI .

(a) 

General
 Development of Business 

We had our initial public offering in 1996. Since then, we have
 grown through organic recruiting combined with acquisition
 investments of selective firms that are complementary to our
 businesses. Since 2005, we have increased our international
 presence with investments in Canada, Asia and the United Kingdom.

(b) 

Financial
 Information about Business Segments 

We manage our business in four segments North
 American Dispute and Investigative Services, North American
 Business Consulting Services, International Consulting
 Operations, and Economic Consulting Services. The Economic
 Consulting Services segment was added in 2008 in connection with
 our acquisition of the Chicago Partners business on May 1,
 2008 (see Acquisitions). These segments are generally defined by
 the nature of their services and geography. The business is
 managed and resources are allocated on the basis of the four
 operating segments.

3

The North American Dispute and Investigative Services segment
 provides a wide range of services to clients facing the
 challenges of disputes, litigation, forensic investigation,
 discovery, and regulatory compliance. The clients of this
 segment are principally law firms, corporate general counsel,
 and corporate boards.

The North American Business Consulting Services segment provides
 strategic, operational, financial, regulatory and technical
 management consulting services to clients. Services are sold
 principally through vertical industry practices such as energy,
 healthcare, financial and insurance. The clients are principally
 C suite and corporate management, government
 entities, and law firms.

The International Consulting Operations segment provides a mix
 of dispute and business consulting services to clients
 predominately outside North America with headquarters in London,
 England.

The Economic Consulting Services segment provides economic and
 financial analyses of complex legal and business issues
 principally for law firms, corporations and government agencies.
 Expertise includes areas such as antitrust, corporate finance
 and governance, bankruptcy, forensic accounting, intellectual
 property, investment banking, labor market discrimination and
 compensation, corporate valuation, and securities litigation.

In accordance with the disclosure requirements of Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, Disclosures
 about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information, 
 we identified the above four operating segments as reportable
 segments. Segment revenue and segment operating profit (together
 with a reconciliation to our operating income) for the last
 three years are included in Note 4 to the consolidated
 financial statements.

The relative percentages of revenues attributable to each
 segment were as follows:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

41.7

42.3

43.4

North American Business Consulting Services

43.9

49.4

52.3

International Consulting Operations

9.8

8.3

4.3

Economic Consulting Services

4.6

The relative percentages of segment operating profit
 attributable to each segment were as follows:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

44.4

46.4

48.4

North American Business Consulting Services

42.9

45.4

46.4

International Consulting Operations

7.9

8.2

5.2

Economic Consulting Services

4.8

Segment operating profit as a percentage of segment revenue
 before reimbursement were as follows:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

42.8

42.4

47.2

North American Business Consulting Services

40.4

37.8

40.2

International Consulting Operations

33.3

40.3

56.2

Economic Consulting Services

39.5

Total segment operating profit

40.7

40.0

44.0

4

Total assets by segment were as follows (in thousands):

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

287,225

325,426

North American Business Consulting Services

236,419

246,656

International Consulting Operations

73,897

106,058

Economic Consulting Services

74,089

Unallocated assets

120,763

100,557

Total assets

792,393

778,697

The information presented above does not necessarily reflect the
 results of segment operations that would have occurred had the
 segments been stand-alone businesses. Certain unallocated
 expense amounts, related to specific reporting segments, have
 been excluded from the segment operating profit to be consistent
 with the information used by management to evaluate segment
 performance.

(c) 

Narrative
 Description of Business 

Overview 

We market our services directly to corporate counsel, law firms,
 government entities, corporate boards, corporate executives and
 special committees. We use a variety of business development and
 marketing channels to communicate directly with current and
 prospective clients, including
 on-site 
 presentations, industry seminars, and industry-specific
 articles. New engagements are sought and won by our senior and
 mid-level consultants working together with our business
 development team that supports all segments. Our future
 performance will continue to depend upon the ability of our
 consultants to win new engagements as well as our ability to
 retain such consultants.

A significant portion of new business arises from prior client
 engagements. In addition, we seek to leverage our client
 relationships in one business segment to cross sell existing
 services provided by the other segments. Clients frequently
 expand the scope of engagements during delivery to include
 follow-on, complementary activities. In addition, an
 on-site 
 presence affords our consultants the opportunity to become aware
 of, and to help define, additional project opportunities as they
 are identified.

We derive our revenues from fees and reimbursable expenses for
 professional services. A majority of our revenues are generated
 under hourly or daily rates billed on a time and expense basis.
 Clients are typically invoiced on a monthly basis, with revenue
 recognized as the services are provided. There are also client
 engagements where we are paid a fixed amount for our services,
 often referred to as fixed fee billings. This may be one single
 amount covering the whole engagement or several amounts for
 various phases or functions. From time to time, we earn
 incremental revenues, in addition to hourly or fixed fee
 billings, which are contingent on the attainment of certain
 contractual milestones or objectives. Such incremental revenues
 may cause variations in quarterly revenues and operating results
 if all other revenues and expenses during the quarters remain
 the same.

Our most significant expense is cost of services before
 reimbursable expenses, which generally relates to costs
 associated with generating revenues, and includes consultant
 compensation and benefits, sales and marketing expenses, and the
 direct costs of recruiting and training the consulting staff.
 Consultant compensation consists of salaries, incentive
 compensation, stock compensation and benefits. Our most
 significant overhead expenses are administrative compensation
 and benefits and office related expenses. Administrative
 compensation includes payroll costs, incentive compensation,
 stock compensation and benefits for corporate management and
 administrative personnel, which are used to indirectly support
 client projects. Office related expenses primarily consist of
 rent for our offices.

5

Service
 Offerings 

We provide wide and varied service offerings to our broad client
 base. We consider the following to be our key professional
 services: dispute, investigative, financial, operational and
 business advisory services, risk management and regulatory
 advisory services, strategy, economic analysis and transaction
 advisory solutions.

Industry
 Sectors 

We provide services to and focus on industries undergoing
 substantial regulatory or structural change. Our service
 offerings are relevant to most industries and to the public
 sector. However, we have significant industry-specific knowledge
 and a large client base in the construction, energy, financial
 services, insurance and healthcare industries. Additionally, we
 have a strong client presence in the public sector, including
 United States and foreign governmental agencies. We have a long
 history of work for companies, insurers and reinsurers in
 product liability matters.

Human
 Capital 

As of December 31, 2008, we had 2,650 employees. At
 December 31, 2008, we had 2,593 full time equivalent
 FTE employees, which are total employees adjusted
 for part-time status, comprised of 1,931 consultants, 85 project
 employees and 577 administrative employees. Revenues are
 primarily generated from services performed by our consultants;
 therefore, success depends in large part on attracting,
 retaining and motivating talented, creative and experienced
 professionals at all levels. In connection with recruiting, we
 employ internal recruiters, retain executive search firms, and
 utilize personal and business contacts to recruit professionals
 with significant subject matter expertise
 and/or 
 consulting experience. Consultants are drawn from the industries
 we serve, from accounting and other consulting organizations,
 and from top rated colleges and universities. We try to retain
 our consultants by offering competitive packages of base and
 incentive compensation, equity ownership, and benefits as well
 as challenging careers.

Independent contractors supplement our consultants on certain
 engagements. We find that hiring independent contractors on a
 per-engagement basis from time to time allows us to adjust
 staffing in response to changes in demand for our services.

In addition to the employees and independent contractors
 discussed above, we have acquired and seek to acquire consulting
 businesses to add highly skilled professionals, to enhance our
 service offerings and to expand our geographical footprint. We
 believe that the strategy of selectively acquiring consulting
 businesses and consulting capabilities strengthens our platform,
 market share and overall operating results.

In connection with recruiting activities and business
 acquisitions, our policy is to obtain non-solicitation covenants
 from senior and some mid-level consultants. Most of these
 covenants have restrictions that extend 12 months beyond
 termination. We utilize these contractual agreements and other
 agreements to reduce the risk of attrition and to safeguard our
 existing clients, staff and projects.

We continually review and adjust, if needed, our
 consultants total compensation (to include salaries,
 annual cash incentive compensation, and other cash and equity
 incentives) to ensure that it is competitive within the
 industry, is consistent with our performance, and provides us
 with the ability to achieve target profitability levels. Our
 compensation structure is reviewed and approved by the
 compensation committee of our board of directors.

Our bill rates to clients are tiered in accordance with the
 experience and levels of the consulting staff. We monitor and
 adjust those bill rates according to the supply and demand of
 the then-current market conditions for our service offerings and
 within the various industries we serve.

Competition 

The market for consulting services is highly competitive, highly
 fragmented, and subject to rapid change. The market includes a
 large number of participants with a variety of skills and
 industry expertise, including general management and information
 technology consulting firms, as well as the global accounting
 firms, and

6

other local, regional, national, and international firms. Many
 of these companies are global in scope and have larger teams of
 personnel, financial, technical, and marketing resources than we
 do. However, we believe that our independence, experience,
 reputation, industry focus, and broad range of professional
 services enable us to compete effectively in the consulting
 marketplace.

(d) 

Other
 Matters 

Concentration
 of Revenues 

Revenues earned from our top 20 clients amounted to
 21 percent, 24 percent and 23 percent of total
 revenues for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and
 2006, respectively. Revenues earned from our top 10 clients
 amounted to 14 percent, 15 percent and 16 percent
 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006. There were no clients that accounted for more
 than 5 percent of our total revenues for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006. The mix of our largest
 clients may change from year to year.

Non
 U.S. Operations 

We have offices in Canada, Asia, and the United Kingdom. In
 addition, we have clients based in the United States that have
 international operations. The United Kingdom accounted for
 12 percent and 10 percent of our revenue during the
 years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. No country, other
 than the United States and the United Kingdom, accounted for
 more than 10 percent of our total annual revenues in any of
 the three years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006. Our
 non U.S. subsidiaries, in the aggregate, represented
 approximately 17 percent, or 134.0 million, of our
 total revenues in 2008 compared to 14 percent, or
 107.4 million, in 2007 and 9 percent, or
 61.8 million in 2006.

New
 York Stock Exchange Disclosures 

The members of our Board of Directors are Thomas A. Gildehaus,
 William M. Goodyear, Stephan A. James, Peter B. Pond, Samuel K.
 Skinner and James R. Thompson. The members of the audit
 committee of our board of directors are Messrs. Gildehaus
 (Chairman), Pond, Skinner, and James. The members of the
 compensation committee of our board of directors are
 Messrs. Skinner (Chairman), Gildehaus, Pond, and James. The
 members of the executive committee of our board of directors are
 Messrs. Thompson (Chairman), Skinner and Goodyear. The
 members of the nominating and governance committee of our board
 of directors are Messrs. Pond (Chairman), Skinner, Thompson
 and Gildehaus. Our transfer agent and registrar is BNY Mellon
 Shareholder Services.

Our Chief Executive Officer has certified to the New York Stock
 Exchange that he is not aware of any violation of New York Stock
 Exchange corporate governance listing standards. Our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have filed with
 the SEC their respective certifications in Exhibits 31.1
 and 31.2 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 in response to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002.

Available
 Information 

Investors can obtain access to annual reports, quarterly
 reports, current reports on
 Form 8-K 
 and corporate governance documents, including board committee
 charters, corporate governance guidelines and codes of business
 standards and ethics, and our transfer agent and registrar
 through our website free of charge (as soon as reasonably
 practicable after reports are filed with the SEC in the case of
 periodic reports) by going to www.navigantconsulting.com and
 searching under Investor Relations/SEC Filings. The materials
 are also available in print free of charge to any shareholder
 upon request. Requests should be submitted to: Navigant
 Consulting, Inc., 30 South Wacker Drive, Suite 3550,
 Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Jennifer Moreno.

7

Item 1A. 

Risk
 Factors. 

In addition to other information contained in this Annual Report
 on
 Form 10-K 
 and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, the
 following risk factors should be considered carefully in
 evaluating us and our business. Such factors could have a
 significant impact on our business, operating results and
 financial condition.

Our
 results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions
 in the marketplace caused by economic and political
 conditions. 

Global economic and political conditions affect our
 clients businesses and the markets they serve. A severe
 and/or 
 prolonged economic downturn or a negative or uncertain political
 climate could adversely affect our clients financial
 condition and the levels of business activity engaged in by our
 clients and the industries we serve. Clients could determine
 that discretionary projects are no longer viable or that new
 projects are not advisable. This may reduce demand for our
 services, depress pricing for our services or render certain
 services obsolete, all of which could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations. Changes in global economic
 conditions or the regulatory or legislative landscape could also
 shift demand to services for which we do not have competitive
 advantages, and this could negatively affect the amount of
 business that we are able to obtain. Although we have
 implemented cost management measures, if we are unable to
 appropriately manage costs or if we are unable to successfully
 anticipate changing economic and political conditions, we may be
 unable to effectively plan for and respond to those changes, and
 our business could be negatively affected. In addition, any
 significant volatility or sustained decline in the market price
 of our common stock could impair our ability to use equity-based
 compensation to attract, retain and motivate key employees.

Recent
 turmoil in the credit markets and the financial services
 industry may impact our ability to collect receivables on a
 timely basis and may negatively impact our cash
 flow. 

Recently, the credit markets and the financial services industry
 have been experiencing a period of unprecedented turmoil and
 upheaval. While the ultimate outcome of these events cannot be
 predicted, they may have a material adverse effect on us. These
 events could also adversely impact the availability of financing
 to our clients and therefore adversely impact our ability to
 collect amounts due from such clients or cause them to terminate
 their contracts with us completely.

We
 cannot be assured that we will be able to raise capital or
 obtain debt financing to consummate future acquisitions or to
 meet required working capital needs or repay amounts owed under
 our long term credit arrangements. 

We maintain a 500 million unsecured credit facility
 including a term loan agreement and a revolving line of credit
 agreement to assist in funding short-term and long-term cash
 requirements that expires in 2012. This agreement contains
 certain covenants requiring, among other things, certain levels
 of interest and debt coverage. Poor performance could cause us
 to be in default of these covenants. While we are in compliance
 with the terms of the credit agreement as of December 31,
 2008, there can be no assurances that we will remain in
 compliance in the future. In addition, the current credit
 facility may not be sufficient to meet the future needs of our
 business if a decline in financial performance occurs, nor can
 there be any assurance that we will be able to raise capital or
 obtain debt financing to effect future acquisitions or to
 otherwise meet our working capital needs. There can be no
 assurance that we will be able to repay or refinance our current
 credit facility as it comes due or refinance our current credit
 facility at comparable terms. Furthermore, financial
 institutions that are lenders under our credit facility may be
 adversely impacted by the economy and unable to meet their
 obligations under our credit facility.

Further, if our clients financial condition were to
 deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make
 payments to us, we and our financial results would be adversely
 impacted, which could result in all of the effects described
 above.

8

Regulatory
 and legislative changes affecting us, our clients, competitors
 or staff could have an impact on our business. 

Many of our clients are in highly regulated industries such as
 the healthcare, energy, financial institutions and insurance
 industries. Regulatory and legislative changes in these
 industries could impact the market for our service offerings,
 including potentially rendering certain of our service offerings
 obsolete. In addition, regulatory and legislative changes could
 impact the competition for consulting services. This change
 could either increase or decrease our position compared with our
 competitors.

Our
 inability to retain and, as necessary, strengthen our executive
 management team would be detrimental to the success of our
 business. 

We rely heavily on a small group of senior executives and
 retaining their services is important to our future success. As
 we continue to grow the business, the executive management team
 will face increasing challenges and the possible need to
 supplement or expand the existing team to enable us to put in
 place a necessary succession plan. Any failures in this regard
 could impact, among other factors, our revenues, growth and
 profitability.

Our
 inability to hire and retain highly skilled consulting
 professionals could have a material adverse effect on our
 success. 

We rely heavily on our consulting staff and management team. Our
 success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire, retain,
 develop and motivate highly skilled professionals. Competition
 for these skilled professionals is intense and our inability to
 hire, retain and motivate adequate numbers of consultants and
 managers could have a serious effect on our ability to meet
 client needs. The loss of a significant number of our employees
 could have a serious negative effect. Further, usage
 restrictions on our equity and any significant volatility or
 sustained decline in the market price of our common stock could
 impair our ability to use equity-based compensation to attract,
 retain and motivate key employees. Compensation and retention
 related issues are a continuing challenge.

Our
 profitability will suffer if we are not able to maintain current
 pricing and utilization rates. 

Our revenue, and thereby our profitability, is largely based on
 the bill rates charged to clients and the number of hours our
 professionals work on client engagements, which we define as the
 utilization of our professionals. Accordingly, if we
 are not able to maintain the pricing for our services or an
 appropriate utilization rate for our professionals, revenues,
 project profit margins and our profitability will suffer. Bill
 rates and utilization rates are affected by a number of factors,
 including:

Our ability to predict future demand for services and maintain
 the appropriate staffing without significant underutilized
 personnel;

Our ability to transition employees from completed projects to
 new engagements;

Our clients perceptions of our ability to add value
 through our services;

Our competitors pricing of services;

The market demand for our services;

Our ability to manage our human capital resources;

Our ability to manage significantly larger and more diverse
 workforces as we increase the number of our professionals and
 execute our growth strategies; and

The economic, political and regulatory environment as noted
 above.

9

Our
 client engagements are generally short term in nature, less than
 one year, and may be terminated. Our inability to attract
 business from new or existing clients could have a material
 adverse effect on us. 

We might not meet our current or future commitments if we do not
 continually secure new engagements.

Many of the client engagement agreements can be terminated by
 our clients with little or no notice and without penalty. For
 example, in engagements related to litigation, if the litigation
 is settled, our engagement for those services usually is no
 longer necessary and is promptly terminated. Some of our work
 involves multiple engagements or stages. In those engagements,
 there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for
 additional stages of an engagement or that a client will cancel
 or delay additional planned engagements. Our engagements are
 usually relatively short term in comparison to our
 office-related expenses and other infrastructure commitments.

Additionally, the above mentioned factors limit our ability to
 predict future revenues and required professional staffing,
 which can impact our financial results.

Our
 client engagements and revenues are frequently event-driven and
 therefore difficult to forecast. 

In the past, we have derived significant revenues from events as
 inherently unpredictable as the California energy crisis, the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the sub prime mortgage crisis and
 significant natural disasters including major hurricanes. Those
 events, in addition to being unpredictable, often have impacts
 that decline over time as clients adjust to and compensate for
 the challenges they face. These factors limit our ability to
 predict future revenues and required professional staffing,
 which can impact our financial results.

Unsuccessful
 client engagements could result in damage to our professional
 reputation or legal liability which could have a material
 adverse effect on us. 

Our professional reputation and that of our consultants is
 critical to our ability to successfully compete for new client
 engagements and attract or retain professionals. Any factors
 that damage our professional reputation could have a material
 adverse effect on our business.

In addition, our engagements are subject to the risk of legal
 liability. Any public assertion or litigation alleging that our
 services were deficient or that we breached any of our
 obligations to a client could expose us to significant legal
 liabilities, could distract our management and could damage our
 reputation. We carry professional liability insurance, but our
 insurance may not cover every type of claim or liability that
 could potentially arise from our engagements. In addition, the
 limits of our insurance coverage may not be enough to cover a
 particular claim or a group of claims, and the costs of defense.

Some
 of the work that we do involves greater risk than ordinary
 consulting engagements. 

We do work for clients that for financial, legal or other
 reasons may present higher than normal risks. While we attempt
 to identify and mitigate our exposure with respect to higher
 risk engagements and higher risk clients, these efforts may be
 ineffective and a professional error or omission in one or more
 of these higher-risk engagements could have a material adverse
 impact on our financial condition. Examples of higher risk
 engagements include, but are not limited to:

Interim management engagements, usually in hospitals and other
 healthcare providers;

Corporate restructuring engagements, both inside and outside
 bankruptcy proceedings;

Engagements where we deliver a fairness opinion;

Engagements where we deliver a compliance effectiveness opinion;

Engagements where we deliver an actuarial opinion with respect
 to insurance company loss reserves; and

Engagements involving independent consultants reports in
 support of financings.

10

As we
 become larger, we increasingly encounter professional conflicts
 of interest. 

As we become larger, the potential for conflicts of interest
 also increases. If we are unable to accept new engagements for
 any reason, including a conflict of interest, our consultants
 may become underutilized or discontented, which may adversely
 affect our future revenues and results of operations, as well as
 our ability to retain these consultants. In addition, although
 we have systems and procedures to identify potential conflicts
 prior to accepting each new engagement, those systems are not
 fool-proof and undetected conflicts may result in damage to our
 reputation and professional liability which may adversely impact
 our financial results.

Our
 international operations create special risks. 

We have physical offices outside the United States in the United
 Kingdom, Canada and China and conduct business in several other
 countries. We expect to continue our international expansion,
 and our international revenues may account for an increasing
 portion of our revenues in the future. Our international
 operations carry special financial, business and legal risks,
 including:

Cultural and language differences;

Employment laws and related factors that could result in lower
 utilization and cyclical fluctuations of utilization and
 revenues;

Currency fluctuations that adversely affect our financial
 position and operating results;

Burdensome regulatory requirements and other barriers to
 conducting business;

Managing the risks associated with engagements with foreign
 officials and governmental agencies, including the risks arising
 from the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

Greater difficulties in managing and staffing foreign operations;

Restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; and

Potentially adverse tax consequences, such as trapped foreign
 losses.

If we are not able to quickly adapt to our new markets, our
 business prospects and results of operations could be negatively
 impacted.

Our
 work with governmental clients has inherent risks related to the
 governmental contracting process. 

We work for various United States and foreign entities and
 agencies. These projects have risks that include, but are not
 limited to, the following:

Government entities reserve the right to audit our contract
 costs, including allocated indirect costs, and conduct inquiries
 and investigations of our business practices with respect to
 government contracts. If the government finds that the costs are
 not reimbursable, then we will not be allowed to bill for them,
 or the cost must be refunded to the government if it has already
 been paid to us. Findings from an audit also may result in our
 being required to prospectively adjust previously agreed rates
 for work and affect future margins.

If a government client discovers improper or illegal activities
 in the course of audits or investigations, we may become subject
 to various civil and criminal penalties and administrative
 sanctions, which may include termination of contracts,
 forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
 suspensions or debarment from doing business with other agencies
 of that government. The inherent limitations of internal
 controls may not prevent or detect all improper or illegal
 activities, regardless of the adequacy of such controls.

Government contracts, and the proceedings surrounding them, are
 often subject to more extensive scrutiny and publicity than
 other commercial contracts. Negative publicity related to our
 government contracts, regardless of whether it is accurate, may
 further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete
 for new contracts.

11

The impact of any of the occurrences or conditions described
 above could affect not only our relationship with the particular
 government agency involved, but also other agencies of the same
 or other governmental entities. Depending on the size of the
 project or the magnitude of the potential costs, penalties or
 negative publicity involved, any of these occurrences or
 conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business
 or results of operations.

We
 have invested in specialized systems, processes and intellectual
 capital for which we may fail to recover our investment or which
 may become obsolete. 

We have developed specialized systems and processes that provide
 a competitive advantage in serving current clients and obtaining
 new clients. Additionally, many of our service offerings rely on
 technology or intellectual capital that is subject to rapid
 change. Our intellectual capital, in certain service offerings,
 may be rendered obsolete due to new governmental regulation.

Our
 information technology systems will require improvements as our
 business grows. 

The increased scale and complexity of our businesses may require
 additional management systems that we may not be able to
 implement in a timely manner. The challenges of achieving and
 managing sustained growth may cause strain on our management
 team, management processes and information technology systems.
 If we are unsuccessful in meeting these challenges, this may
 impair our financial results, competitive position and ability
 to retain our professionals.

We may
 be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to achieve and
 maintain effective internal controls. 

If we fail to achieve and maintain adequate internal controls
 over financial reporting or fail to implement necessary new or
 improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the
 reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our
 financial statements for external use, we may fail to meet our
 public reporting requirements on a timely basis, or be unable to
 adequately report on our business and the results of operations.
 This could have a material adverse effect on the market price of
 our stock. Nevertheless, even with adequate controls, we may not
 prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. Also, controls
 that are currently adequate may in the future become inadequate
 because of changes in conditions. The degree of compliance with
 our policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Acquired
 businesses may not achieve expected results which could
 adversely affect our financial performance. 

We have developed our business, in part, through the acquisition
 of complementary businesses. The substantial majority of the
 purchase price we pay for acquired businesses is related to
 intangible assets. We may not be able to realize the value of
 those assets or otherwise realize anticipated synergies unless
 we are able to effectively integrate the businesses we acquire.
 We face multiple challenges in integrating acquired businesses
 and their personnel, including differences in corporate cultures
 and management styles, retention of personnel, conflict issues
 with clients, and the need to divert managerial resources that
 would otherwise be dedicated to our current businesses. Any
 failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could
 cause the acquired businesses to fail to achieve expected
 results, which would in turn, adversely affect our financial
 performance, including possible impairment of the acquired
 assets. Additionally, the financing of acquisitions through
 cash, borrowings or common stock could also impair liquidity or
 cause significant stock dilution.

An
 impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition and results of operations. 

Because we have historically acquired a significant number of
 companies, goodwill and other intangible assets have represented
 a material portion of our assets. We are required to perform an
 annual goodwill impairment test. We also are required to review
 long-lived assets, including identified intangible assets and
 goodwill for impairment whenever events occur or circumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
 recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a
 significant change in the business

12

climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators,
 competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of one
 of our businesses, and other factors. If the fair market value
 of one of our businesses is less than its carrying amount, we
 could be required to record an impairment charge. The valuation
 of the businesses requires judgment in estimating future cash
 flows, discount rates and other factors. In making these
 judgments, we evaluate the financial health of our businesses,
 including such factors as market performance, changes in our
 client base and operating cash flows. The amount of any
 impairment could be significant and could have a material
 adverse effect on our reported financial results for the period
 in which the charge is taken.

We are
 subject to unpredictable risks of litigation. 

Although we seek to avoid litigation whenever possible, from
 time to time we are party to various lawsuits and claims in the
 ordinary course of business. Disputes may arise, for example,
 from client engagements, employment issues, regulatory actions,
 corporate acquisitions, real estate and other business
 transactions. The costs and outcome of those lawsuits or claims
 cannot be predicted with certainty, and may be worse than we can
 foresee. This could have a material adverse effect on us.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

None.

Item 2. 

Properties. 

We have approximately 65 operating leases for office facilities,
 principally in the United States. Due to acquisitions and
 growth, we often times have more than one operating lease in the
 cities in which we have offices. Additional space may be
 required as our business expands geographically, but we believe
 we will be able to obtain suitable space as needed. Following
 are our principal regional office locations:

United States: 

Outside of the United States: 

Atlanta, Georgia

Asia Hong Kong

Chicago, Illinois

Canada Toronto

Los Angeles, California

United Kingdom London

New York, New York

San Francisco, California

Washington D.C.

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings. 

From time to time we are party to various lawsuits and claims in
 the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of those
 lawsuits or claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not
 believe that any of those lawsuits or claims will have a
 material adverse effect on our financial position or results of
 operations.

13

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

Not applicable.

Executive
 Officers of the Registrant 

The following are our executive officers as of February 25,
 2009:

Name 

Office 

Age 

William M. Goodyear

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

60

Julie M. Howard

President and Chief Operating Officer

46

Thomas A. Nardi

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

54

Monica M. Weed

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

48

William M. Goodyear , 60, has served as our Chairman of
 the Board and Chief Executive Officer since May 2000. He has
 served as a director since December 15, 1999. Prior to
 December 1999, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 of Bank of America, Illinois and was President of Bank of
 America s Global Private Bank. From 1972 to 1999,
 Mr. Goodyear held a variety of assignments with Continental
 Bank, subsequently Bank of America, including corporate finance,
 corporate lending, trading and distribution. During this
 28-year 
 period, Mr. Goodyear was stationed in London for
 5 years (1986 to 1991) to manage Continental
 Bank s European and Asian Operations. He was Vice Chairman
 and a member of the Board of Directors of Continental Bank prior
 to the 1994 merger between Continental Bank Corporation and
 BankAmerica Corporation. Mr. Goodyear received his
 Master s degree in Business Administration, with Honors,
 from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, and
 his Bachelor s degree in Business Administration, with
 Honors, from the University of Notre Dame.

Julie M. Howard , 46, has served as our President since
 February 2006 and has served as our Chief Operating Officer
 since 2003. From 2001 to 2003, Ms. Howard was our Vice
 President and Human Capital Officer. Prior to 2001,
 Ms. Howard held a variety of consulting and operational
 positions with several professional services firms.
 Ms. Howard is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin,
 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance. She has also
 completed several post-graduate courses within the Harvard
 Business School Executive Education program, focusing in Finance
 and Management.

Thomas A. Nardi , 54, has served as our Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2008.
 Previously, Mr. Nardi served as President of Integrys
 Business Support, a wholly owned unit of Integrys Energy Group,
 a NYSE public utility and energy company. From 2001 to 2007 he
 served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 for Peoples Energy. Prior to joining Peoples, Mr. Nardi
 spent 19 years at NICOR, one of the nation s largest
 gas distribution utilities, where he held a variety of financial
 and strategic management roles including Corporate Controller
 and Treasurer. Mr. Nardi began his career in the audit
 practice of Arthur Andersen. Mr. Nardi received his degree
 in accounting from Western Illinois University and an MBA from
 University of Chicago.

Monica M. Weed , 48, has served as our Vice President,
 General Counsel and Secretary since November 2008.
 Previously, Ms. Weed served as Associate General Counsel
 for Baxter Healthcare Corporation from March 2006 to October
 2008. From March 2004 to March 2006, Ms. Weed served as
 Special Counsel, Rights Agent and Litigation Trustee to
 Information Resources, Inc. Litigation Contingent Payment Rights
 Trust, a publicly traded litigation trust. From 1991 through
 2004, Ms. Weed served in a variety of legal roles,
 including Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
 Corporate Secretary, for Information Resources, Inc., an
 international market research provider to the consumer packaged
 goods industry. She started her legal career at the law firm of
 Sonnenschein Nath Rosenthal. Ms. Weed received
 her BA in Classics from Northwestern University, her JD from
 Northwestern University School of Law and her MBA from Kellogg
 Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University.

14

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
 Information 

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
 the symbol NCI. The following table sets forth, for
 the periods indicated, the high and low closing sale prices per
 share.

High 

Low 

2008 

Fourth quarter

20.44

13.14

Third quarter

20.72

15.90

Second quarter

21.78

17.87

First quarter

19.61

11.19

2007 

Fourth quarter

15.01

12.12

Third quarter

19.47

12.66

Second quarter

20.93

18.38

First quarter

21.60

18.40

Holders 

As of February 25, 2009, there were approximately 351
 holders of record of our shares of common stock.

Distributions 

We have not paid any cash dividends since our organization and
 we do not currently anticipate that we will make any dividends.
 This policy is reviewed on a periodic basis by our board of
 directors.

15

Shareholder
 Return Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the
 cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock against
 the New York Stock Exchange Market Index (the NYSE
 Index and the Peer Group described below. The graph
 assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2003 in each
 of our common stock, the NYSE Index and the Peer Group. The
 graph also assumes that all dividends, if paid, were reinvested.

Note: The stock price performance shown below is not necessarily
 indicative of future price performance.

Comparison
 of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return 
 Assumes Initial Investment of 100 
 December 2008 

Navigant 

NYSE 

Peer 

Consulting, 

Measurement Period 

Index 

Group(a) 

Inc. 

FYE 12/31/03

100.00

100.00

100.00

FYE 12/31/04

112.39

119.72

141.03

FYE 12/31/05

119.55

121.78

116.53

FYE 12/31/06

138.61

135.97

104.76

FYE 12/31/07

146.49

146.74

72.46

FYE 12/31/08

89.15

135.93

84.11

Notes:

(a) 

The Peer Group consists of the following companies: ChoicePoint,
 Inc., CRA International Inc. (formerly known as Charles River
 Associates, Inc.), Gartner Group, Inc., FTI Consulting, Inc.,
 Huron Consulting Group Inc., LECG Corporation and Resources
 Connection, Inc. The Peer Group is weighted by market
 capitalization. 

16

Issuance
 of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2008, we issued the
 following unregistered securities:

Number of 

Type of 

Shares in 

Exemption 

Assets 

Date 

Securities 

Consideration(a) 

Claimed(b) 

Purchaser or Recipient 

Purchased 

January 24, 2008

Common Stock

14,866

Section 4(2)

Tedd Avey Associates Ltd.

(c)

January 31, 2008

Common Stock

8,159

Section 4(2)

Devito Consulting, Inc

(c)

February 8, 2008

Common Stock

100,539

Section 4(2)

Casas, Benjamin White, LLC

(c)

July 1, 2008

Common Stock

12,458

Section 4(2)

Architech Corporation

(c)

August 1, 2008

Common Stock

37,860

Section 4(2)

LAC, Limited

(d)

November 1, 2008

Common Stock

349,247

Section 4(2)

Chicago Partners, LLC

(c)

December 31, 2008

Common Stock

35,020

Section 4(2)

Bard Group, LLC

(e)

(a) 

Does not take into account additional cash or other
 consideration paid or payable by us as a part of the
 transactions. 

(b) 

The shares of common stock were issued without registration in
 private placements in reliance on the exemption from
 registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. 

(c) 

Shares represent deferred payment consideration to purchase
 substantially all of the assets of the recipient. 

(d) 

Shares represent deferred payment consideration to purchase
 substantially all of the equity interests of the entity and, as
 such, these shares were issued to the owner(s) of the entity. 

(e) 

Shares represent closing date payment consideration to purchase
 substantially all of the assets of the recipient. 

Purchase
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
 Purchasers 

We did not purchase any Company shares during the fourth quarter
 of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. Our previous
 authority to repurchase company shares expired on
 December 31, 2008. On February 23, 2009, the board of
 directors approved new authority to purchase up to
 100 million of common stock in open market or private
 transactions, until December 31, 2011.

17

Item 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data. 

The following five year financial and operating data should be
 read in conjunction with the information set forth under
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes
 thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. The amounts are
 shown in thousands, except for per share data.

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Revenues before reimbursements

727,062

681,238

605,105

508,874

426,867

Reimbursements

83,578

85,820

76,640

66,618

55,252

Total revenues

810,640

767,058

681,745

575,492

482,119

Cost of services before reimbursable expenses

444,035

421,032

349,103

299,180

255,674

Reimbursable expenses

83,578

85,820

76,640

66,618

55,252

Total cost of services

527,613

506,852

425,743

365,798

310,926

General and administrative expenses

155,378

141,430

127,579

100,452

87,542

Depreciation expense

17,302

16,179

13,400

10,213

8,312

Amortization expense

16,386

17,494

9,959

8,538

3,562

Other operating costs:

Separation and severance costs

7,288

1,091

Office consolidation

5,207

6,750

Gain on sale of property

(2,201

Litigation charge

7,400

1,250

385

Operating income

88,754

73,266

97,664

89,241

70,301

Interest expense

20,146

15,438

4,915

3,976

2,481

Interest income

(1,182

(667

(402

(290

(330

Other income, net

(62

(43

(209

(403

(287

Income before income taxes

69,852

58,538

93,360

85,958

68,437

Income tax expense

29,795

25,142

40,386

36,102

28,062

Net income

40,057

33,396

52,974

49,856

40,375

Basic income per share

0.86

0.67

1.00

1.00

0.86

Shares used in computing income per basic share

46,601

49,511

52,990

50,011

47,187

Diluted income per share

0.83

0.66

0.97

0.95

0.80

Shares used in computing income per diluted share

48,285

50,757

54,703

52,390

50,247

As of December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents

23,134

11,656

11,745

14,871

36,897

Working capital

97,988

102,040

70,503

41,640

48,473

Total assets

792,393

778,697

652,358

542,863

418,807

Non-current liabilities

296,076

309,425

36,040

20,148

12,248

Total stockholders equity

365,758

342,753

486,576

384,448

288,674

18

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations relates to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements included in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are an independent specialty consulting firm combining deep
 industry expertise and integrated solutions to assist companies
 and their legal counsel in addressing the challenges of
 uncertainty and risk, and leveraging opportunities for overall
 business model improvement. Professional services include
 dispute, investigative, financial, operational and business
 advisory, risk management and regulatory advisory, strategy,
 economic analysis and transaction advisory solutions. We provide
 our services to government agencies, legal counsel and large
 companies facing the challenges of uncertainty, risk, distress
 and significant change. We focus on industries undergoing
 substantial regulatory or structural change and on the issues
 driving these transformations.

Our revenues, margins and profits will likely be impacted by a
 significant decline in the United States or world economy.
 Examples of other impacting events that may affect us are
 natural disasters, legislative and regulatory changes, capital
 market disruptions, reductions in discretionary consulting
 spending, crises in the energy, healthcare, financial services,
 insurance and other industries, and significant client specific
 events.

We derive our revenues from fees and reimbursable expenses for
 professional services. A majority of our revenues are generated
 under hourly or daily rates billed on a time and expense basis.
 Clients are typically invoiced on a monthly basis, with revenue
 recognized as the services are provided. There are also client
 engagements where we are paid a fixed amount for our services,
 often referred to as fixed fee billings. This may be one single
 amount covering the whole engagement or several amounts for
 various phases or functions. From time to time, we earn
 incremental revenues, in addition to hourly or fixed fee
 billings, which are contingent on the attainment of certain
 contractual milestones or objectives. Such incremental revenues
 may cause variations in quarterly revenues and operating results
 if all other revenues and expenses during the quarters remain
 the same.

Our most significant expense is cost of services before
 reimbursable expenses, which generally relates to costs
 associated with generating revenues, and includes consultant
 compensation and benefits, sales and marketing expenses, and the
 direct costs of recruiting and training the consulting staff.
 Consultant compensation consists of salaries, incentive
 compensation, stock compensation and benefits. Our most
 significant overhead expenses are administrative compensation
 and benefits and office related expenses. Administrative
 compensation includes payroll costs, incentive compensation,
 stock compensation and benefits for corporate management and
 administrative personnel, which are used to indirectly support
 client projects. Office related expenses primarily consist of
 rent for our offices.

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

The preparation of the financial statements requires management
 to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported
 therein. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
 various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
 judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
 that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
 conditions. We believe the following critical accounting
 policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates
 used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Revenue
 Recognition 

We recognize revenues as the related professional services are
 provided. In connection with recording revenues, estimates and
 assumptions are required in determining the expected conversion
 of the revenues to cash. We may provide multiple services under
 the terms of an arrangement and are required to assess whether
 one or more units of accounting are present. Usually we account
 for the fees as one unit of accounting as we

19

do not have fair value evidence for individual tasks or
 milestones. There are also client engagements where we are paid
 a fixed amount for our services. The recording of these fixed
 revenue amounts requires us to make an estimate of the total
 amount of work to be performed and revenues are then recognized
 as efforts are expended based on (i) objectively
 determinable output measures, (ii) input measures if output
 measures are not reliable, or (iii) the straight-line
 method over the term of the arrangement. From time to time, we
 also earn incremental revenues. These incremental revenue
 amounts are generally contingent on a specific event and the
 incremental revenues are recognized when the contingencies are
 resolved. Any taxes assessed on revenues relating to services
 provided to our clients are recorded on a net basis.

Accounts
 Receivable Realization 

We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
 losses resulting from our review and assessment of our
 clients ability to make required payments, and the
 estimated realization, in cash, by us of amounts due from our
 clients. If our clients financial condition was to
 deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make
 payments, additional allowances might be required.

Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of
 acquired companies and the related fair value of the net assets
 acquired, which is accounted for by the purchase method of
 accounting. We test goodwill annually for impairment. We also
 review long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible
 assets and goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes
 in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
 may not be recoverable. Our impairment testing and reviews may
 be impacted by, among other things, our expected operating
 performance, market valuation of comparable companies, ability
 to retain key personnel, changes in operating segments and
 competitive environment.

Considerable management judgment is required to estimate future
 cash flows. Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, such
 as forecasted growth rates and cost of capital, are consistent
 with internal projections and operating plans. We did not
 recognize any impairment charges for goodwill, indefinite-lived
 intangible assets or identifiable intangible assets subject to
 amortization during the periods presented.

Intangible assets consist of identifiable intangibles other than
 goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill
 include customer lists and relationships, employee non-compete
 agreements, employee training methodology and materials, backlog
 revenue and trade names. Intangible assets, other than goodwill,
 are amortized based on the period of consumption, ranging up to
 nine years.

In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 142 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 SFAS 142 goodwill is not amortized. Goodwill
 is subject to an impairment test annually and more frequently if
 events and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
 The impairment test is performed using a two step, fair-value
 based test. The first step compares the fair value of a
 reporting unit to its carrying value. The fair value is
 determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and a
 comparable company analysis. The second step is performed only
 if the carrying value exceeds the fair value determined in step
 one. The impairment test is considered for each reporting unit
 as defined in SFAS 142 which equates to our reporting
 segments.

We perform our annual test in the second quarter of each year.
 As discussed, in accordance with SFAS 142, we determined
 the fair value of each reporting unit. This test required us to
 estimate future cash flows and termination value. The fair value
 estimate also depended on interest rate, debt, and working
 capital requirements. Estimates can also be impacted by, among
 other things, expected performance, market valuation of
 comparable companies, ability to retain key personnel, changes
 in operating segments and competitive environment. Based on
 these results we did not recognize any impairment of goodwill
 and, as such, did not complete step two of the impairment test.

During our annual test of goodwill, we considered that each of
 the four reporting units has significant goodwill and intangible
 assets. The estimated fair value of the North American Business
 Consulting reporting unit and the North American Disputes and
 Investigations reporting unit were significantly in excess of
 their

20

net asset carrying value by approximately 50 and 40 ,
 respectively. The estimated fair value of the International
 Consulting Operations reporting unit exceeded its net asset
 carrying value by approximately 20 . Given the International
 Consulting Operations segment s lower size and higher
 expected growth rates, this excess may be more volatile. The
 Economic Consulting Services reporting unit was acquired
 concurrent with the annual test and thus its estimated value
 approximated the carrying value of its net assets.

We subsequently considered in each of the remaining two quarters
 of 2008 whether or not the fair value of each of the reporting
 units could have fallen below its carrying value. We considered
 the elements outlined in SFAS 142 and other factors
 including, but not limited to, changes in the business climate
 in which we operate, recent disruptions in the financial
 markets, our market capitalization in excess of our book value,
 our recent operating performance, the operating performance of
 the Economic Consulting Services reporting unit relative to our
 expectations at the time of acquisition, and our annual budget
 for 2009. As a result of this review we determined that no such
 event or condition existed that would cause us to perform an
 interim goodwill impairment test prior to our next annual test
 date. However, we continue to monitor these factors and we may
 be required to perform an additional impairment test in future
 periods if our operating performance or the overall economic
 conditions continue to deteriorate.

Our intangible assets are subject to changes in estimated fair
 market values which are determined in part based on our
 operating performance and expectations for the future. Our test
 for goodwill impairment is based on the estimated fair value of
 our reporting units. The estimated fair value of our reporting
 units is subject to, among other things, changes in our
 estimated business future growth rate, profit margin, long term
 outlook and weighted average cost of capital. Our International
 Consulting Operations and Economic Consulting Services segments
 are most sensitive to those changes as the excess of their fair
 value over their asset carrying value is generally lower.
 Additionally, our long term assets are subject to changes in
 events or circumstances that could impact their carrying value.
 A decline in the estimated fair value of our reporting units or
 other long term assets could result in an impairment charge.

Share-Based
 Payments 

We recognize the cost resulting from all share-based
 compensation arrangements, such as our stock option and
 restricted stock plans, in the financial statements based on
 their fair value. Management judgment is required in order to
 (i) estimate the fair value of certain share based
 payments, (ii) determine expected attribution period and
 (iii) assess expected future forfeitures. We treat our
 employee stock purchase plan as compensatory and record the
 purchase discount from market price of stock purchases by
 employees as share-based compensation expense.

Income
 Taxes 

We account for deferred income taxes utilizing an asset and
 liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities
 are recognized based on the tax effects of temporary differences
 between the financial statements and the tax bases of assets and
 liabilities, as measured by current enacted tax rates. When
 appropriate, we evaluate the need for a valuation allowance to
 reduce deferred tax assets. The evaluation of the need for a
 valuation allowance requires management judgment and could
 impact our effective tax rate.

We account for uncertainty in income taxes utilizing the
 Financial Accounting Standards Board s Interpretation
 No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
 Taxes an interpretation of FAS Statement
 No. 109 FIN 48 ). This
 interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
 income taxes recognized in an entity s financial statements
 in accordance with SFAS 109. It prescribes a recognition
 threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement
 disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken. This
 interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition,
 classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
 periods, and disclosures. The application of FIN 48
 requires management judgment related to the uncertainty in
 income taxes and could impact our effective tax rate.

21

Other
 Operating Costs 

We recorded expense and related liabilities associated with
 office closings and excess space reductions related to a plan to
 reduce office space as other operating costs. The expense
 consisted of rent obligations for the offices, net of expected
 sublease income, and the write down and accelerated depreciation
 of leasehold improvements reflecting the change in the estimated
 useful life of our abandoned offices. The expected sublease
 income is subject to market conditions and may be adjusted in
 future periods as necessary. The office closure obligations have
 been discounted to net present value. The determination of the
 expense and related liabilities requires management judgment and
 could impact our future financial results.

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements SFAS 157 ).
 SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for
 measuring fair value in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States, and expands disclosures
 about fair value measurements. We adopted SFAS 157 during
 the first quarter of 2008 and the implementation did not have a
 material impact on our financial condition, results of
 operations, or cash flows. We have deferred the adoption of
 SFAS 157 with respect to non-financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with the provisions of FSP
 FAS 157-2, 
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157. Such
 non financial assets and liabilities include goodwill and
 intangible assets with indefinite lives.

In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 159,
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities SFAS 159 ). SFAS 159
 allows entities the option to measure eligible financial
 instruments at fair value as of specified dates. Such election,
 which may be applied on an instrument by instrument basis, is
 typically irrevocable once elected. SFAS 159 is effective
 for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. We
 adopted SFAS 159 during the first quarter of 2008 and did
 not apply such election to any of our assets or liabilities.

In December 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 141(R),
 Business Combinations 
 SFAS 141(R) ). SFAS 141(R) establishes
 principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and
 measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets
 acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
 interest in the acquiree and recognizes and measures the
 goodwill acquired in the business combination or a gain from a
 bargain purchase. SFAS 141(R) also sets forth the
 disclosures required to be made in the financial statements to
 evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business
 combination. SFAS 141(R) applies prospectively to business
 combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the
 beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or
 after December 15, 2008. Accordingly, SFAS 141(R) will
 be applied by us to business combinations occurring on or after
 January 1, 2009.

In March 2008, the FASB issued Statement No. 161,
 Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
 Activities SFAS 161 which amends and
 expands the disclosure requirements of SFAS 133 to provide
 an enhanced understanding of an entity s use of derivative
 instruments, how they are accounted for and their effect on the
 entity s financial position, financial performance and cash
 flows. The provisions of SFAS 161 are effective as of the
 beginning of our 2009 fiscal year. We are currently evaluating
 the impact of adopting SFAS 161 on our financial statements.

Acquisitions 

2008
 Acquisitions 

On December 31, 2008, we acquired the assets of the The
 Bard Group, LLC Bard for 7.2 million, which
 consisted of 4.6 million in cash and 0.6 million of
 our common stock paid at closing and two deferred cash payments
 of 1.0 million each, due on the first and second
 anniversaries of closing. The common stock and deferred cash
 payments were recorded at fair value at closing for
 0.5 million and 1.9 million, respectively. We
 acquired assets of 0.7 million and assumed liabilities of
 0.7 million. As part of the purchase price allocation, we
 recorded 1.6 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 5.4 million in goodwill. Bard provided physician
 leadership and performance improvement services in the
 healthcare

22

industry. We acquired Bard to enhance our healthcare practice in
 the area of providing integration strategy, service line
 development, and performance excellence. Bard was comprised of
 25 consulting professionals located in Boston, Massachusetts at
 the time of acquisition and is included in North American
 Business Consulting Services Segment.

On May 1, 2008, we acquired the assets of Chicago Partners,
 LLC Chicago Partners for 73.0 million, which
 consisted of 50.0 million in cash paid at closing and
 23.0 million in our common stock (which was recorded at
 fair value for 21.0 million at closing). The common stock
 will be paid in four equal installments of 5.8 million,
 the first of which was paid on the six month anniversary of the
 closing and the remaining three of which will be paid on each of
 the first, second and third year anniversaries of the closing.
 We acquired assets of 16.7 million, including
 15.8 million in accounts receivable, net of an allowance
 for doubtful accounts, and assumed liabilities of
 7.0 million. We paid 0.5 million in
 acquisition-related costs. We recorded 2.3 million of
 liabilities for obligations related to lease exit costs for
 office space assumed in the acquisition. The obligation recorded
 for real estate lease exit costs is based on foregone rent
 payments for the remainder of the lease term less assumed
 sublease income. As of December 31, 2008, we have not
 secured subtenants to occupy the office space assumed in the
 acquisition. As part of the original purchase price allocation,
 we recorded 4.3 million in identifiable intangible assets
 and 61.1 million in goodwill. The purchase agreement
 provided for an adjustment of the purchase price for the
 difference in net assets acquired compared to the target net
 assets. The purchase price paid in cash at closing was funded
 under our credit facility.

We may pay up to 27.0 million of additional purchase
 consideration based on the Chicago Partners business
 achieving certain post-closing performance targets during the
 periods from closing to December 31, 2008 and in calendar
 years 2009, 2010 and 2011. If earned, the additional purchase
 consideration would be payable 75 percent in cash and
 25 percent in our common stock. The additional purchase
 price payments, if any, will be payable in March of the year
 following the year such performance targets are attained. Any
 additional purchase price consideration payments will be
 recorded as goodwill when the contingencies regarding attainment
 of performance targets are resolved. As of December 31,
 2008, we recorded a liability for additional purchase price
 payments of approximately 3.0 million associated with
 additional purchase consideration earned during 2008.

We acquired Chicago Partners to expand our product offerings to
 our clients. Chicago Partners provides economic and financial
 analyses of legal and business issues principally for law firms,
 corporations and government agencies. Chicago Partners had
 approximately 90 consultants at the time of acquisition. Chicago
 Partners is managed and resources are allocated based on its
 results and as such, in accordance with SFAS No. 131,
 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
 Information, operates under a fourth operating segment
 referred to as Economic Consulting Services. 

The allocation of purchase price for these acquisitions is
 materially complete; however, certain identifiable intangible
 assets valuations have not been finalized. The Company expects
 to finalize these items by the end of the first quarter of 2009.

2007
 Acquisitions 

On January 5, 2007, we acquired Abros Enterprise Limited
 Abros for 11.9 million, which consisted of
 9.9 million in cash, 1.0 million of our common stock
 paid at closing, and notes payable totaling 1.0 million
 (payable in two equal installments on the first and second
 anniversaries of the closing date). We acquired assets of
 3.3 million, including 1.8 million in cash, and
 assumed liabilities of 1.4 million. As part of the
 purchase price allocation, we recorded 4.0 million in
 identifiable intangible assets and 8.1 million in
 goodwill, which included 1.2 million of deferred income
 taxes. Additionally, we paid 0.4 million of
 acquisition-related costs. As part of the purchase agreement, we
 acquired an office lease agreement which we terminated. We
 recorded 0.2 million to goodwill and accrued liabilities
 for the additional acquisition-related costs to exit the lease
 of the acquired business. In addition, we paid 0.4 million
 related to adjustments to the net asset value acquired from
 Abros. Abros offered strategic planning, financial analysis and
 implementation advice for public sector infrastructure projects.
 We acquired Abros to strengthen our presence in the

23

United Kingdom public sector markets. Abros was comprised
 of 15 consulting professionals located in the United Kingdom at
 the time of acquisition and was included in the International
 Consulting Operations segment.

On June 8, 2007, we acquired Bluepress Limited, a holding
 company which conducts business through its wholly-owned
 subsidiary, Augmentis PLC Augmentis ), for
 16.2 million, which consisted of 15.3 million in
 cash paid at closing and 0.8 million of our common stock
 paid in July 2007. We acquired assets of 3.1 million and
 assumed liabilities of 7.0 million. In June 2007, as part
 of the purchase agreement, we received 4.0 million in cash
 as an adjustment to the purchase price consideration related to
 the assumption of debt at the closing date, which was paid off
 shortly thereafter. As part of the purchase price allocation, we
 recorded 6.8 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 11.8 million in goodwill, which included 2.0 million
 of deferred income taxes. Additionally, we paid
 0.4 million in acquisition-related costs. Augmentis
 provided program management consulting services to support
 public sector infrastructure projects. We acquired Augmentis to
 strengthen our presence in the United Kingdom public sector
 markets. Augmentis was comprised of 24 consulting professionals
 located in the United Kingdom at the time of acquisition and was
 included in the International Consulting Operations segment.

On June 19, 2007, we acquired the assets of AMDC
 Corporation AMDC for 16.6 million, which
 consisted of 13.0 million in cash and 1.6 million of
 our common stock paid at closing, and 2.0 million paid in
 cash on the first anniversary of the closing date. As part of
 the purchase price allocation, we recorded 4.9 million in
 identifiable intangible assets and 12.2 million in
 goodwill. We assumed certain liabilities aggregating
 1.1 million including deferred revenue and acquisition
 costs related to exiting an office lease acquired as part of the
 acquisition. AMDC provided strategy and implementation
 consulting services in relation to the development of hospital
 and healthcare facilities. We acquired AMDC to strengthen our
 healthcare business and leverage our construction consulting
 capabilities. AMDC was included in the North American
 Business Consulting Services segment and included 23 consulting
 professionals at the time of acquisition.

On July 30, 2007, we acquired Troika (UK) Limited
 Troika for 43.9 million, which consisted of
 30.8 million in cash paid at closing, 3.3 million of
 our common stock paid in September 2007, and notes payable
 totaling 9.8 million (payable in two equal installments on
 the first and second anniversaries of the closing date). We
 acquired assets of 10.3 million, including
 3.4 million in cash, and assumed liabilities of
 5.9 million. As part of the purchase price allocation, we
 recorded 14.2 million in identifiable intangible assets
 and 30.7 million in goodwill, which included
 4.0 million of deferred income taxes. We paid
 1.0 million related to adjustments to the net asset value
 acquired from Troika. Additionally, we paid 0.4 million of
 acquisition-related costs. Troika provided consultancy services
 to the financial services and insurance industry covering
 operations performance improvement; product and distribution
 strategies; organization, people and change; and IT
 effectiveness and transaction support. Troika was included in
 the International Consulting Operations segment and included 42
 consulting professionals located in the United Kingdom at the
 time of acquisition.

We acquired other businesses during the year ended
 December 31, 2007 for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately 8.1 million. As part of the purchase price
 allocations for these acquisitions, we recorded
 3.9 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 4.9 million in goodwill, which included 1.5 million
 of deferred income taxes. These acquisitions included 25
 consulting professionals, most of whom were located in Canada.

2006
 Acquisitions 

On March 23, 2006, we acquired Precept Programme Management
 Limited Precept for 54.7 million, which
 consisted of 38.4 million in cash and 12.0 million
 of our common stock paid at closing, and a 4.3 million
 note payable due March 2008. We acquired assets of
 11.3 million, including cash of 5.6 million, and
 assumed liabilities totaling 4.8 million from the Precept
 acquisition. The common stock issued at closing was recorded at
 fair value for 9.5 million. We did a purchase price
 allocation and recorded 41.1 million in goodwill and
 12.8 million in identifiable intangible assets as part of
 the purchase price allocation. Precept

24

was a leading independent dispute advisory and program
 management consulting firm in the United Kingdom, with
 particular expertise in the construction industry. We acquired
 Precept, which included approximately 35 consulting
 professionals at the time of acquisition, to strengthen our
 presence in the United Kingdom. Precept was included in the
 International Consulting Operations Services segment.

On November 30, 2006, we acquired HP3, Inc.
 HP3 for 17.6 million, which consisted of
 14.3 million in cash and 1.3 million of our common
 stock paid at closing, and 2.0 million in notes payable
 (payable in two equal installments on the first and second
 anniversaries of the closing date). We acquired assets of
 6.6 million and assumed liabilities totaling
 4.6 million from the acquisition. We did a purchase price
 allocation and recorded 12.3 million in goodwill and
 4.6 million in identifiable intangible assets as part of
 the purchase price allocation. HP3 was a nationally recognized
 healthcare consulting firm with a proven reputation in providing
 clinical documentation, coding, and data for improved
 reimbursements, compliance and patient care. We acquired HP3,
 which included approximately 100 consulting professionals at the
 time of acquisition, to strengthen our healthcare business. HP3
 was included in the North American Business Consulting Services
 segment.

We acquired several other businesses during the year ended
 December 31, 2006 for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately 15.4 million.

Accounting
 for Acquisitions 

All of our business acquisitions described above have been
 accounted for by the purchase method of accounting for business
 combinations and, accordingly, the results of operations have
 been included in our consolidated financial statements since the
 dates of the acquisition.

Results
 of Operations 

Annual
 Comparisons for the Years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and
 2006 

We manage our business in four operating segments 
 North American Dispute and Investigative Services, North
 American Business Consulting Services, International Consulting
 Operations, and Economic Consulting Services. The Economic
 Consulting Services segment was added in 2008 in connection with
 our acquisition of Chicago Partners on May 1, 2008. These
 segments are generally defined by the nature of their services
 and geography. The business is managed and resources allocated
 on the basis of the four operating segments.

25

The following table summarizes for comparative purposes certain
 financial and statistical data for the four segments for the
 years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 (dollar
 amounts are thousands, except bill rate).

2008 over 

2007 over 

2007 

2006 

Percent 

Percent 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Increase 

Increase 

Revenues before reimbursements

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

306,850

298,699

273,090

2.7

9.4

North American Business Consulting Services

314,677

327,511

307,580

(3.9

6.5

International Consulting Operations

69,793

55,028

24,435

26.8

125.2

Economic Consulting Services

35,742

Total Revenues before reimbursements

727,062

681,238

605,105

6.7

12.6

Total Revenues

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

338,230

324,734

296,066

4.2

9.7

North American Business Consulting Services

355,991

379,152

356,452

(6.1

6.4

International Consulting Operations

79,526

63,172

29,227

25.9

116.1

Economic Consulting Services

36,893

Total Revenues

810,640

767,058

681,745

5.7

12.5

Average FTE consultants

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

775

790

774

(1.9

2.1

North American Business Consulting Services

904

1,018

945

(11.2

7.7

International Consulting Operations

185

154

40

20.1

285.0

Economic Consulting Services

62

Total Company

1,926

1,962

1,759

(1.8

11.5

Average Utilization rates based on 1,850 hours

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

77

77

77

0.0

0.0

North American Business Consulting Services

80

78

79

2.6

(1.3

International Consulting Operations

72

75

97

(4.0

(22.7

Economic Consulting Services

96

Total Company

79

77

78

2.6

(1.3

Bill Rate(1)

North American Dispute and Investigative

290

277

255

4.7

8.6

North American Business Consulting

224

200

201

12.0

(0.5

International Consulting Operations

280

267

240

4.9

11.3

Economic Consulting Services

332

Total Company

260

236

226

10.2

4.4

(1) 

Excludes the impact of contingency based fees. 

26

Segment operating profit as a percentage of segment revenue
 before reimbursement:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

42.8

42.4

47.2

North American Business Consulting Services

40.4

37.8

40.2

International Consulting Operations

33.3

40.3

56.2

Economic Consulting Services

39.5

Total segment operating profit

40.7

40.0

44.0

Total Revenues before Reimbursements. Most
 revenues before reimbursements are earned from consultants 
 fee revenues that are primarily a function of billable hours,
 bill rates and consultant headcount. For the year ended
 December 31, 2008 revenues before reimbursements increased
 7 percent over 2007. The increase was due to a combination
 of recent acquisitions, increased bill rates and utilization,
 which was partially offset by the negative impact of a
 strengthened US dollar on the revenues of our UK and Canadian
 operations. Assuming recent acquisitions operated at historic
 run rates, substantially all of the year over year revenue
 increase would have been attributable to such acquisitions.
 Headcount decreased in 2008 from the prior year, reflecting
 realignment initiatives in the segments which were partially
 offset by increased headcount from acquisitions. Overall, the
 consultant utilization rates were 79 percent for 2008
 compared to 77 percent for 2007, primarily reflecting the
 impact of the lower headcount associated with the realignment
 initiatives in the segments near the end of 2007 and the
 addition of Economic Consulting Services segment in 2008. The
 increase in bill rate of 10 percent in 2008 over 2007 was
 mainly due to an overall larger mix of revenues from higher bill
 rate services and efforts to increase general billing rates.

For the year ended December 31, 2007, revenues before
 reimbursements increased 12.6 percent over 2006. This
 increase was mainly a result of our 2007 acquisitions in the
 International Consulting Operations segment and an increase in
 bill rates, which was slightly offset by lower utilization.
 Assuming the acquisitions made during 2007 and 2006 operated at
 historic run rates, approximately 8 percentage points of
 the year over year revenue increase would have been attributable
 to such acquisitions during 2007. The increase in bill rate of
 4 percent in 2007 over 2006 was mainly a result of higher
 bill rates associated with our 2007 acquisitions.

North American Dispute and Investigative
 Services. Total revenues for this segment
 increased 4 percent for the year ending December 31,
 2008 from the corresponding period in 2007. The increase was
 mainly due to a 5 percent increase in bill rate partially
 offset by a 2 percent decrease in headcount. The bill rate
 increase was mainly a result of a higher mix of more senior
 consultants and efforts to increase billing rates. Utilization
 for the full year of 2008 was consistent with 2007 as strong
 demand during the first half of 2008 was offset by a slower
 second half of the year, primarily associated with disruptions
 in the financial markets. Given the disruptions in the financial
 markets in the second half of 2008, many projects were delayed
 or cancelled as client decision making slowed. Total revenues
 for the year ending December 31, 2007 increased
 10 percent over the corresponding period in 2006. Assuming
 the acquisitions operated at historic run rates, approximately
 2 percentage points of the increase would have been
 attributable to such acquisitions. The remaining increase was
 the result of a 2 percent increase in headcount and a
 9 percent increase in bill rate. Utilization for 2007 was
 consistent with 2006.

North American Business Consulting
 Services. Total revenues for this segment
 decreased 6 percent for the year ended December 31,
 2008, over 2007. This was mainly due to an 11 percent
 decrease in headcount which was partially offset by a
 12 percent increase in bill rate and 3 percent
 increase in utilization. The decrease in headcount reflects the
 realignment initiatives in the segment occurring in the third
 and fourth quarters of 2007, which contributed to the increase
 in utilization. The bill rate increase in 2008 over 2007 was due
 to rate increases and a higher mix of senior level consultants.
 This segment was further impacted by recent disruptions in the
 financial markets, including decreased demand for our consulting
 services in the financial and insurance markets, as clients in
 these markets had limited discretionary consulting spending.
 Acquisitions in the segment did not have a significant impact on
 growth for 2008 compared to 2007, given

27

that the Bard acquisition was completed at the end of 2008 and
 the full year impact of the AMDC acquisition was not material.
 Projects which are contingent on the attainment of certain
 performance objectives accounted for approximately
 2 percentage points of the decrease in revenues. Total
 segment revenues increased 6 percent in 2007 over 2006.
 Assuming the acquisitions made during 2007 and 2006 operated at
 historic run rates, substantially all of the increase would have
 been attributable to such acquisitions. These acquisitions
 included HP3 in November 2006 and AMDC in June 2007. The
 remainder of the increase related to increased headcount,
 partially offset by lower utilization. Projects which are
 contingent on the attainment of certain performance objectives
 accounted for approximately 3 percentage points of the
 increase in segment revenues.

International Consulting Operations. Total
 revenues for this segment increased significantly for 2008
 compared to 2007 and 2007 compared to 2006. The increases were
 attributable to our recent acquisitions made during 2007 and
 2006, totaling approximately 130 million. The acquisitions
 during this period were Precept in March 2006, Abros in January
 2007, Augmentis in June 2007, and Troika in July 2007. These
 acquisitions added approximately 120 employees to our
 headcount over two years and accounted for approximately
 two-thirds and one-half of International Consulting Operations
 growth in 2008 over 2007 and 2007 over 2006, respectively. The
 remaining revenue growth was associated with increased headcount
 and bill rates. Additionally, the segment revenue increase in
 2008 over 2007 was offset by an approximate 6.5 million
 decrease in revenue due to the weakening of the UK Pound against
 the US dollar during 2008. The increase during 2007 included
 approximately 2.5 million from favorable exchange rates as
 the UK Pound strengthened against the US Dollar.

Economic Consulting Services. This segment
 commenced operations with our acquisition of Chicago Partners on
 May 1, 2008. Results of operations reflect the eight month
 period since acquisition and may not be indicative of
 performance over a full year.

Cost of Services before Reimbursable
 Expenses. Cost of services before reimbursable
 expenses increased 23.0 million, or 6 percent, to
 444.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2008
 compared to 2007, and increased 71.9 million, or
 21 percent, to 421.0 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 compared to 2006. As a percentage of
 revenues before reimbursements, cost of services before
 reimbursable expenses was 61 percent for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 compared to 62 percent for 2007, and
 58 percent for 2006. The increase in cost of services as a
 percentage of revenues before reimbursable expenses for 2007,
 compared to 2006 related primarily to lower utilization and
 higher compensation levels.

Cost of services before reimbursable expenses includes amounts
 related to consultant incentive compensation. Incentive
 compensation is structured to reward consultants based on the
 achieved business performance and under a compensation
 methodology approved by our management and the compensation
 committee of our board of directors. The consultant incentive
 compensation was higher in 2008 over 2007 mainly due to improved
 operating performance and increased wages due to a higher mix of
 senior level consultants in 2008. In addition, we entered into
 long-term incentive and retention agreements during the second
 and third quarters of 2008 (see the discussion of unsecured
 forgivable loans in Note 9 to the audited financial
 statements included elsewhere in this
 Form 10-K), 
 the amortization of which is included in consultant
 compensation. The increase in compensation expense related to
 the issuance of these long-term and retention agreements were
 partially offset by reduced share based compensation expense.
 The 2007 increase over 2006 was mainly a result of the increased
 employee headcount.

Segment Operating Profit Margin. The North
 American Dispute and Investigative Services segment operating
 profit as a percentage of revenue before reimbursement, or
 segment operating profit margin, was generally consistent
 between 2008 and 2007, as utilization remained consistent and
 higher bill rates were offset by higher compensation. The
 decrease in segment operating profit margin in 2007 compared to
 2006 was primarily the result of decreased utilization and
 higher compensation. The North American Business Consulting
 Services segment operating profit margin increased in 2008
 compared to 2007 due primarily to the increased utilization and
 realignment efforts completed during the third and fourth
 quarters of 2007. The decrease in North American Business
 Consulting Services segment operating profit margin in 2007
 compared to 2006 was due primarily to the lower utilization and
 bill rates during 2007. The decrease in International Consulting
 Operations segment operating profit margin during 2008 compared
 to 2007 was due primarily to a

28

change in mix and lower profit margins on acquired businesses.
 The International Consulting Operations segment operating profit
 margin in 2006 was unusually high due to a very low cost
 structure associated with a low number of highly utilized
 professionals.

General and Administrative Expenses. General
 and administrative expenses include facility-related costs,
 salaries and benefits costs of management and support personnel,
 bad debt costs for uncollectible billed amounts, professional
 and administrative services costs, and all other support costs.

General and administrative expenses increased
 13.9 million, or 10 percent, to 155.4 million
 during the year ended December 31, 2008, and
 13.9 million, or 11 percent, to 141.4 million
 in 2007. The increase in general and administrative expenses was
 primarily the result of an increase in allowances for doubtful
 accounts receivable of 10.8 million in 2008 over 2007. We
 provide services to and have receivables due from many financial
 and insurance clients in all four of our segments. The increase
 in the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable during 2008
 was attributable to the impact of recent disruptions in the
 financial markets, including bankruptcies. The increase in the
 allowance for doubtful accounts over prior periods reflects
 management s view of the likelihood of collection of
 receivables due from certain of our financial industry clients,
 as well as the impact of the financial market disruptions on a
 broad range of clients. Our allowance for doubtful accounts
 receivable is based on historical experience and management
 judgment and may change based on market conditions or specific
 client circumstances. Excluding the impact of the allowance for
 doubtful accounts receivable, general and administrative
 expenses increased 3.2 million, or 2 percent, during
 2008 compared to 2007. The remaining increase was attributable
 to incremental overhead costs related to professional fees
 including legal and information technology costs, which was
 partially offset by slightly lower administrative wage and
 benefit costs.

The increase in 2007 over 2006 was due to several factors
 including business acquisitions, as well as the support for
 additional consulting personnel. Increases in administrative
 headcount to support the additional consulting personnel
 contributed to an increase in total administrative payroll and
 benefit costs. The balance of the increase was attributed to
 expansion of existing facilities, facilities acquired through
 business acquisitions and certain investments made to our
 infrastructure in the areas of technology, business development
 and marketing.

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues
 before reimbursements was 21.4, 20.8 and 21.1 percent for
 the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
 respectively. General and administrative expenses as a
 percentage of revenues before reimbursements excluding allowance
 for doubtful accounts receivable was 18.6, 19.4 and
 19.4 percent for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006.

Other Operating Costs Office
 Consolidation. During the year ended
 December 31, 2008 we recorded 5.2 million of office
 closure related costs which consisted of adjustments to office
 closure obligations, the write down of leasehold improvements
 and accelerated depreciation on leasehold improvements in
 offices to be abandoned. During 2008, as a result of an
 assessment of our real estate needs subsequent to the
 acquisition of Chicago Partners, we decided to reoccupy a
 portion of certain property in Chicago, Illinois that had
 previously been abandoned. The impact of this change in estimate
 did not have a material impact on the financial statements.

During the third and fourth quarters of 2007, we began to
 eliminate duplicate facilities and consolidate and close certain
 offices. We recorded 6.8 million of expense associated
 with the office closings and excess space reductions completed
 during 2007. The expense consisted of rent obligations through
 March 2017 for the offices, net of expected sublease income, and
 approximately 3.4 million write down of leasehold
 improvements reflecting their estimated fair value.

We continue to monitor our estimates for office closure
 obligations and related expected sublease income. Such estimates
 are subject to market conditions and may be adjusted in future
 periods as necessary. Of the 4.0 million liability
 recorded at December 31, 2008, we expect to pay
 1.1 million in cash relating to these obligations during
 the next twelve months. The office closure obligations have been
 discounted to net present value.

29

We expect to record additional restructuring charges for real
 estate lease terminations as other initiatives are completed
 throughout 2009, including the relocation of our New York office
 that is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2009 and
 result in office closure related costs of 3.0 to
 4.0 million.

Other Operating Costs Separation and Severance
 Costs. During 2007, we recorded 7.3 million
 in separation and severance costs in connection with a plan to
 restructure our operations as part of a cost savings initiative.
 The restructuring of our operations included involuntary
 professional consulting and administrative staff headcount
 reductions. We offered severance packages to approximately 160
 consulting and administrative employees to reduce the capacity
 of our underperforming practices and to reduce the headcount of
 our administrative support staff.

Other Operating Costs Gain on Sale of
 Property. On September 28, 2007, we sold the
 property where our principal executive office was located for an
 aggregate gross purchase price of 4.5 million and recorded
 a 2.2 million gain on the sale of property.

Other Operating Costs Litigation
 Charge. During the quarter ended
 September 30, 2006, we recorded a litigation charge of
 9.3 million related to our dispute with City of Vernon,
 California. We subsequently settled the dispute during the
 fourth quarter of 2006 for 7.4 million.

Amortization Expense. Amortization expense
 primarily includes the amortization of intangible assets such as
 customer lists and relationships, and non-compete agreements
 related to certain business acquisitions.

Amortization expense was 16.4 million, 17.5 million,
 and 10.0 million for the years ended December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The decrease in amortization
 expense of 1.1 million for 2008 compared to 2007 related
 primarily to assets fully amortized in 2008. The increase of
 7.5 million in amortization expense for 2007 compared to
 2006 related primarily to the amortization of intangible assets
 which were acquired as part of the acquisitions made during 2007
 and 2006.

Interest Expense. Interest expense includes
 interest on borrowed amounts under our credit agreement,
 amortization of debt refinancing costs, and accretion of
 interest related to deferred purchase price obligations.

Interest expense was 20.1 million, 15.4 million and
 4.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006, respectively. The increase in 2008 over 2007 of
 4.7 million related primarily to increase in average
 borrowings for the year. The increase of 2007 over 2006 of
 10.5 million related primarily to increased average
 borrowings for the year and an increase in our effective
 borrowing rate. As described in the liquidity section below, we
 used the proceeds of these borrowings to finance certain
 acquisitions made during 2008 and 2007 and to repurchase shares
 of our common stock in June 2007.

During 2007, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement
 with a bank for a notional value of 165.0 million through
 June 30, 2010. See Item 7A.

For the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, our
 average borrowing rate under our credit agreement (including the
 impact of our interest rate swap agreement) was 6.5 , 6.6 and
 6.4 , respectively.

Income Tax Expense. The effective income tax
 rate for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006
 was 43 percent. The difference between the federal
 statutory rate and our effective income tax rate was related
 primarily to state income taxes and certain expenses that are
 not deductible for tax purposes.

2009
 Outlook 

Our business is not immune to the severe challenges of the
 global markets and consequently management is taking a cautious
 approach to 2009 until there is stabilization in the capital
 markets and the economy. We are also undertaking several cost
 initiatives designed to protect profitability. Actions will
 include selective staffing reductions, holding base salaries
 constant and tighter control over discretionary spending.

Unaudited
 Quarterly Results 

The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly
 financial information. The unaudited quarterly financial data
 has been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated
 financial statements contained

30

elsewhere in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 The data includes all normal recurring adjustments necessary for
 the fair presentation of the information for the periods
 presented, when read in conjunction with our consolidated
 financial statements and related notes thereto. Results for any
 quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for the full
 year or for any future quarter.

The amounts in the following table are in thousands, except for
 per share data:

Quarters Ended(1) 

Dec. 31, 

Sep. 30, 

Jun. 30, 

Mar. 31, 

Dec. 31, 

Sep. 30, 

Jun. 30, 

Mar. 31, 

2008 

2008 

2008 

2008 

2007 

2007 

2007 

2007 

Revenues:

Revenues before reimbursements

174,475

178,908

189,385

184,294

179,693

167,057

169,650

164,838

Reimbursements

19,526

19,184

22,023

22,845

23,595

23,790

19,983

18,452

Total revenues

194,001

198,092

211,408

207,139

203,288

190,847

189,633

183,290

Cost of services:

Cost of services before reimbursable expenses

107,027

110,083

113,852

113,073

109,544

104,405

105,849

101,234

Reimbursable expenses

19,526

19,184

22,023

22,845

23,595

23,790

19,983

18,452

Total costs of services

126,553

129,267

135,875

135,918

133,139

128,195

125,832

119,686

General and administrative expenses

34,877

41,417

41,071

38,013

37,203

35,680

34,144

34,403

Depreciation expense

4,426

4,330

4,381

4,165

4,274

4,189

3,995

3,721

Amortization expense

3,607

3,955

4,597

4,227

4,696

5,378

3,784

3,636

Other operating costs:

Separation and severance costs

2,663

3,348

1,277

Office consolidation

561

553

2,575

1,518

4,600

2,150

Gain on sale of property

(2,201

Operating income

23,977

18,570

22,909

23,298

16,713

14,108

21,878

20,567

Interest expense

4,756

5,170

5,618

4,602

5,977

6,021

2,469

971

Interest income

(305

(380

(225

(272

(236

(158

(144

(129

Other expense, net

(92

93

(68

5

7

58

(117

9

Income before income tax expense

19,618

13,687

17,584

18,963

10,965

8,187

19,670

19,716

Income tax expense

8,289

5,851

7,598

8,057

4,989

3,454

8,320

8,379

Net income

11,329

7,836

9,986

10,906

5,976

4,733

11,350

11,337

Net income per diluted share

0.23

0.16

0.21

0.23

0.13

0.10

0.21

0.20

Diluted shares

49,145

48,895

48,257

46,838

46,533

46,462

54,126

55,907

(1) 

The sum of quarterly net income per diluted share does not equal
 annual amounts in 2007 because of rounding and changes in the
 weighted average number of shares. 

Operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result
 of a number of factors, including the significance of client
 engagements commenced and completed during a quarter, the number
 of business days in a quarter, employee hiring and utilization
 rates. The timing of revenues varies from quarter to quarter due
 to various factors, such as the ability of clients to terminate
 engagements without penalty, attaining certain contractual
 objectives, the size and scope of assignments, and general
 economic conditions. Because a

31

significant percentage of our expenses are relatively fixed, a
 variation in the number of client assignments, or the timing of
 the initiation or the completion of client assignments, can
 cause significant variations in operating results from quarter
 to quarter. Operating results are also impacted by the other
 operating costs. In addition, interest expense and interest
 income fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of balance
 changes in cash and debt.

Human
 Capital Resources 

Our human capital resources include consulting professionals and
 administrative and management personnel. As a result of both
 recruiting activities and business acquisitions, we have a
 diverse pool of consultants and administrative support staff
 with various skills and experience. Recent acquisitions have
 broadened our international presence.

The following tables shows the employee data for the periods
 presented:

2008 

2007 

2006 

Number of FTE consultants as of December 31,

1,931

1,944

1,871

Average number of FTE consultants for the year

1,926

1,962

1,759

Average utilization of consultants, based on industry standard
 of 1,850 hours

79

77

78

Number of administrative and management personnel as of
 December 31,

577

525

502

The average number of FTE consultants is adjusted for part-time
 status and takes into consideration hiring and attrition which
 occur during the year.

In addition to the headcounts presented above, we hired project
 employees on a short-term basis or seasonal basis. We believe
 the practice of hiring these employees provides greater
 flexibility in adjusting consulting and administrative personnel
 levels in response to changes in demand for our professional
 services. The short-term or seasonal hires have been employed to
 supplement services on certain engagements or to provide
 additional administrative support to the consultants.

In connection with certain recruiting activities and business
 acquisitions, our policy is to obtain non-solicitation covenants
 from senior and mid-level consultants. Most of these covenants
 have restrictions that extend 12 months beyond termination.
 We utilize these contractual agreements and other agreements to
 reduce the risk of attrition and to safeguard our existing
 clients, staff and projects.

We continually review and adjust, if needed, our
 consultants total compensation, which includes salaries,
 annual cash incentive compensation, and other cash and equity
 incentives from certain programs, to ensure that the
 consultants compensation is competitive within the
 industry, is consistent with our performance and provides us the
 ability to achieve target profitability levels. Our compensation
 structure is reviewed and approved by the compensation committee
 of our board of directors. Our bill rates to clients are tiered
 in accordance with the experience and levels of the consulting
 staff. We monitor and adjust those bill rates according to
 then-current market conditions within the various segments we
 serve.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

We had 23.1 million in cash and cash equivalents at
 December 31, 2008 and 11.7 million at
 December 31, 2007. Our cash equivalents were primarily
 limited to A rated securities, with maturity dates
 of 90 days or less. As of December 31, 2008, we had
 total bank debt outstanding of 232.5 million under our
 credit agreement compared to 256.6 million as of
 December 31, 2007.

We calculate accounts receivable days sales outstanding
 DSO by dividing the accounts receivable balance,
 net of deferred revenue credits, at the end of the quarter, by
 daily net revenues. Daily net revenues are calculated by taking
 quarterly net revenues divided by 90 days, approximately
 equal to the number of days in a quarter. Calculated as such, we
 had DSO of 73 days at December 31, 2008 compared to
 77 days at December 31, 2007. The improvement was
 attributable to strong cash collections at the end of 2008.

32

Operating
 Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2008, net cash provided by
 operating activities was 91.7 million, compared to
 91.8 million and 87.9 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Net cash provided
 by operating activities during 2008 compared to 2007 decreased
 slightly due to a higher investment in working capital,
 partially offset by increased net income. The increase is
 working capital was mainly associated with separation and
 severance payments made in 2008, incentive loans (see the
 discussion of unsecured forgivable loans in Note 9 to the
 audited financial statements included elsewhere in this
 Form 10-K), 
 which was partially offset by increased accounts receivable
 collections during 2008. The net cash provided by operating
 activities during 2007 compared to 2006 increased
 3.9 million. The increase was related primarily to a lower
 investment in working capital, including increases in wages
 payable and accrued liabilities associated with 2007 separation
 and severance and real estate actions. This increase in net cash
 provided by operating activities in 2007 compared to 2006 was
 unfavorably impacted by lower net income associated with higher
 interest expense and other operating costs.

Investing
 Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended
 December 31, 2008 was 65.6 million, compared to
 93.4 million and 95.0 million for 2007 and 2006,
 respectively. The decrease in net cash used in investing
 activities for 2008 compared to 2007 mainly relates to a
 decrease in acquisitions and lower investment in technology and
 leasehold improvements, which was partially offset by proceeds
 from the sale of property in 2007. The slight decrease in net
 cash used in investing activities for 2007 compared to 2006 was
 primarily a result of proceeds from our sale of property in 2007.

Financing
 Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was 13.3 million in
 2008, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of
 1.3 million in 2007 and 3.4 million in 2006. During
 2008, we had net repayments of bank borrowings of
 13.7 million associated primarily with lower cash needs
 for investing activities. During 2007, we had net cash proceeds
 from bank borrowings of 219.4 million which were used
 primarily to fund a 218.4 million purchase of shares of
 our stock. In June 2007, we completed our modified Dutch
 Auction tender offer and purchased 10.6 million
 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 20.50 per
 share. We also recorded management and agent fees related to the
 tender offer as part of the costs of the purchase of our common
 stock.

Debt,
 Commitments and Capital 

On May 31, 2007, we amended and restated our bank borrowing
 credit agreement (the Credit Agreement to increase
 our revolving line of credit capacity from 200.0 million
 to 275.0 million (the Revolving Credit
 Facility and to obtain a 225.0 million unsecured
 term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility ). We have
 the option to increase the Revolving Credit Facility up to
 375.0 million. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit
 Facility are payable in May 2012. The Credit Agreement provides
 for borrowings in multiple currencies including US Dollars,
 Canadian Dollars, UK Pound Sterling and Euro.

At our option, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
 and the Term Loan Facility bear interest, in general, based at a
 variable rate equal to applicable base rate or London interbank
 offered rate LIBOR ), in each case plus an
 applicable margin. For LIBOR loans, the applicable margin will
 vary depending upon our consolidated leverage ratio (the ratio
 of total funded debt to adjusted EBITDA) and whether the loan is
 made under the Term Loan Facility or Revolving Credit Facility.
 As of December 31, 2008 the applicable margins on LIBOR
 loans under the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility
 were 1.25 and 1.0 , respectively. As of December 31, 2008,
 the applicable margins for base rate loans under the Term Loan
 Facility and Revolving Credit Facility were 0.25 and zero,
 respectively. For LIBOR loans, the applicable margin will vary
 between 0.50 to 1.75 depending upon our performance and
 financial condition. For the years ended December 31, 2008
 and 2007, our average borrowing rate under the Credit Agreement
 (including the impact of our interest rate swap agreement) was
 6.5 and 6.6 , respectively. As of December 31, 2008 we had
 256.7 million available to borrow under our Credit
 Agreement.

33

The Credit Agreement also includes certain financial covenants,
 including covenants that require us to maintain a consolidated
 leverage ratio of not greater than 3.25:1 and a consolidated
 fixed charge coverage ratio (the ratio of the sum of adjusted
 EBITDA and rental expense to the sum of cash interest expense
 and rental expense) not less than 2.0:1. At December 31,
 2008, under the definitions in the Credit Agreement, our
 consolidated leverage ratio was 1.8 and our consolidated fixed
 charge coverage ratio was 3.8. In addition to the financial
 covenants, the Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative
 and negative covenants and is subject to customary exceptions.
 These covenants will limit our ability to incur liens or other
 encumbrances or make investments, incur indebtedness, enter into
 mergers, consolidations and asset sales, pay dividends or other
 distributions, change the nature of our business and engage in
 transactions with affiliates. We were in compliance with the
 terms of the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2008 and
 2007.

As of December 31, 2008, we had aggregate borrowings of
 232.5 million compared to 256.6 million as of
 December 31, 2007. We had 221.6 million outstanding
 under the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2008.
 Included in the aggregate borrowings, we had 10.9 million
 and 32.7 million at December 31, 2008 and
 December 31, 2007, respectively, of UK Pounds Sterling
 borrowings under our line of credit. Such amounts are used to
 fund operations in the United Kingdom.

As of December 31, 2008, we had total commitments of
 390.1 million, which was comprised of 23.2 million
 in deferred business acquisition obligations, payable in cash
 and common stock, software license agreements of
 2.5 million, notes payable of 4.2 million, debt of
 232.5 million, and 127.8 million in lease
 commitments. As of December 31, 2008, we had no significant
 commitments for capital expenditures.

The following table shows the components of significant
 commitments as of December 31, 2008 and the scheduled years
 of payments due by period (shown in thousands):

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

2009 

2010 to 2011 

2012 to 2013 

Thereafter 

Deferred purchase price obligations

23,161

11,884

11,277

Software license agreements

2,472

984

1,488

Notes payable

4,173

4,173

Line of credit

10,854

10,854

Term loan

221,625

2,250

34,875

184,500

Lease commitments

127,818

28,227

46,954

28,310

24,327

390,103

47,518

94,594

223,664

24,327

During 2007, we began to eliminate duplicate facilities,
 consolidate and close certain offices. Of the
 127.8 million of lease commitments as of December 31,
 2008, 14.3 million of the lease commitments related to
 offices we have abandoned or reduced excess space within, which
 are available for sublease. Such sublease income, if any, would
 offset the cash outlays.

We adopted FIN 48 as of January 1, 2007. As of the
 date of the adoption, we had approximately 2.2 million of
 total gross unrecognized tax benefits which, if recognized,
 would affect the effective income tax rate in future periods.
 During 2008 and 2007, we reduced our reserve for uncertain tax
 positions related to such unrecognized tax benefits by
 approximately 0.2 million and 1.2 million,
 respectively, due to the settlement of tax positions with
 various tax authorities or by virtue of the statute of
 limitations expiring for the years with uncertain positions. As
 such, we had approximately 0.8 million of total gross
 unrecognized tax benefits which, if recognized, would affect the
 effective income tax rate in future periods. In the next twelve
 months, we expect to reduce the reserve for uncertain tax
 positions by approximately 0.2 million due to settlement
 of tax positions with various tax authorities or by virtue of
 the statute of limitations expiring for years with uncertain tax
 positions.

We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, future
 cash flows from operations and our Credit Agreement will provide
 adequate cash to fund anticipated short-term and long-term cash
 needs from normal operations. In the event we make significant
 cash expenditures in the future for major acquisitions or other
 non-operating activities, we might need additional debt or
 equity financing, as appropriate. Additionally, our

34

Credit Agreement is with a syndicate of several banks. These
 banks could be negatively impacted by the recent disruptions in
 the financial markets.

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements,
 transactions, obligations or other relationships with
 unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a
 material current or future impact on our financial condition or
 results of operations.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Our primary exposure to market risks relates to changes in
 interest rates and foreign currencies. The interest rate risk is
 associated with our borrowings under the line of credit, and our
 investment portfolio, classified as cash equivalents. Our
 general investment policy is to limit the risk of principal loss
 by limiting market and credit risks. The foreign currency risk
 is associated with our operations in foreign countries.

At December 31, 2008, our investments were primarily
 limited to A rated securities, with maturity dates
 of 90 days or less. These financial instruments are subject
 to interest rate risk and will decline in value if interest
 rates rise. Because of the short periods to maturity of these
 instruments, an increase in interest rates would not have a
 material effect on our financial position or results of
 operations.

On July 2, 2007, we entered into an interest rate swap
 agreement with a bank for a notional value of
 165.0 million through June 30, 2010. This agreement
 effectively fixed our LIBOR base rate for 165.0 million of
 our indebtedness at a rate of 5.30 during this period. We
 expect the interest rate derivative to be highly effective
 against changes in cash flows related to changes in interest
 rates and have recorded the derivative as a hedge. As a result,
 gains or losses related to fluctuations in fair value of the
 interest rate derivative are recorded as a component of
 accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified into
 interest expense as the variable interest expense on our
 indebtedness is recorded. There was no ineffectiveness related
 to this hedge for the year ended December 31, 2008. As of
 December 31, 2008, we had a 9.6 million liability
 related to this interest rate derivative and recorded a
 2.0 million unrealized loss, net of a tax benefit of
 1.6 million, to accumulated other comprehensive income
 during 2008.

Other than our previously disclosed contractual obligations of
 390.1 million and the 165.0 million interest rate
 swap agreement, we did not have, at December 31, 2008, any
 other short-term debt, long-term debt, interest rate
 derivatives, forward exchange agreements, firmly committed
 foreign currency sales transactions, or derivative commodity
 instruments.

Our market risk associated with the Credit Agreement relates to
 changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2008,
 borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, in general,
 based at a variable rate equal to an applicable base rate (equal
 to the higher of a reference prime rate or one half of one
 percent above the federal funds rate) or LIBOR, in each case
 plus an applicable margin. Based on borrowings under the Credit
 Agreement at December 31, 2008, each quarter point change
 in market interest rates would result in approximately a
 0.2 million change in annual interest expense, after
 considering the impact of our interest rate swap agreement.

We operate in foreign countries, which expose us to market risk
 associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. At
 December 31, 2008, we had net assets of approximately
 84.2 million with a functional currency of the UK Pounds
 Sterling and 32.5 million with a functional currency of
 the Canadian Dollar related to our operations in the United
 Kingdom and Canada, respectively. At December 31, 2008, we
 had net assets denominated in the non functional currency of
 approximately 5.1 million. As such, a ten percent change
 in the value of the local currency would result in a
 0.5 million currency gain or loss in our results of
 operations.

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are in this report as
 pages F-1 through F-37. An index to such information appears on
 page F-1. 

35

Item 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure. 

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures. 

(1) 

Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rule 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 that are designed to ensure that information required to be
 disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
 time frames specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and
 that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
 management, including our principal executive officer and
 principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
 decisions regarding required disclosure. Any system of controls
 and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
 provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
 control objectives.

Our management, with the participation of the principal
 executive officer and the principal financial officer, evaluated
 the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures as of December 31, 2008. Based on
 this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
 financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
 and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2008.

(2) 

Management s
 Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in
 Rule 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f) 
 under the Exchange Act). Because of its inherent limitations,
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
 detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
 may deteriorate.

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2008 based on the framework published by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission, Internal Control Integrated
 Framework . In the course of its evaluation, management
 concluded that we maintained effective control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2008.

KPMG LLP, the registered public accounting firm that audited the
 financial statements included in this annual report on
 Form 10-K, 
 has issued an attestation report on our internal control over
 financial reporting.

(3) 

Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over financial
 reporting during our fourth quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
 internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information. 

None.

36

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders

Navigant Consulting, Inc.:

We have audited Navigant Consulting, Inc. s (the
 Company internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (COSO). The Company s management is responsible
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial
 reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
 on the Company s internal control over financial reporting
 based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
 procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
 believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
 opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, Navigant Consulting, Inc. maintained, in all
 material respects, effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria
 established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of Navigant Consulting, Inc. and
 subsidiaries as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the
 related consolidated statements of income, stockholders 
 equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
 period ended December 31, 2008, and the financial statement
 schedule as listed in the accompanying index, and our report
 dated February 25, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on
 those consolidated financial statements and accompanying
 schedule.

/s/ KPMG
 LLP

Chicago, Illinois

February 25, 2009

37

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Information required in response to this Item is incorporated
 herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our
 annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on
 May 6, 2009, which proxy statement will be filed with the
 SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
 after the end of our year ended December 31, 2008.

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation. 

Information required in response to this Item is incorporated
 herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our
 annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on
 May 6, 2009, which proxy statement will be filed with the
 SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
 after the end of our year ended December 31, 2008.

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters. 

Information required in response to this Item is incorporated
 herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our
 annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on
 May 6, 2009, which proxy statement will be filed with the
 SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
 after the end of our year ended December 31, 2008.

Information required with respect to the securities authorized
 for issuance under our equity compensation plans, including
 plans that have previously been approved by our stockholders and
 plans that have not previously been approved by our
 stockholders, will be set forth in our definitive proxy
 statement for our annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be
 held on May 6, 2009, and such information is incorporated
 herein by reference.

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence. 

Information required in response to this Item is incorporated
 herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our
 annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on
 May 6, 2009, which proxy statement will be filed with the
 SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
 after the end of our year ended December 31, 2008.

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 

Information required in response to this Item is incorporated
 herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our
 annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on
 May 6, 2009, which proxy statement will be filed with the
 SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
 after the end of our year ended December 31, 2008.

38

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The consolidated financial statements and financial
 statement schedule filed as part of this report are listed in
 the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b) The exhibits filed as part of this report are listed
 below:

a. 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit 

No. 

Description 

2

.1

Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of April 18, 2008 among
 Navigant Consulting, Inc., Chicago Partners, L.L.C. and certain
 members of Chicago Partners, L.L.C. (Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)
 of Regulation S-K, the schedules and exhibits to this agreement
 are omitted but will be provided supplementally to the
 Commission upon request.) (Incorporated by reference from our
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2008).

3

.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-9019)
 filed with the SEC on July 26, 1996.)

3

.2

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-3
 (Registration No.
 333-40489) 
 filed with the SEC on November 18, 1997.)

3

.3

Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Form 8-A12B filed with the SEC on July 20,
 1999.)

3

.4

Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 quarterly period ended June 30, 2005.)

3

.5

Amended and Restated By laws of the Company as of July 25, 2007
 (Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated July 25, 2007.)

4

.1

Rights Agreement dated as of December 15, 1999 between Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust
 Company, as Rights Agent, (which includes the form of
 Certificate of Designations setting forth the terms of the
 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the
 form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of
 Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock as Exhibit C) (Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December
 17, 1999.)

4

.2

Substitution of Successor Rights Agent and Amendment No. 1 to
 Rights Agreement dated as of June 1, 2005 between Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. and LaSalle Bank, as Successor Rights Agent
 (Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2005.)

10

.1 

Long-Term Incentive Plan of Navigant Consulting, Inc.
 (Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2000.)

10

.2 

2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan of Navigant Consulting, Inc., as
 amended (Incorporated by reference from our Definitive Notice
 and Proxy Statement dated March 28, 2007.)

10

.3 

First Amendment of the Navigant Consulting, Inc. 2005 Long Term
 Incentive Plan, as amended, effective as of April 22, 2008
 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April 24, 2008).

10

.4 

2001 Supplemental Equity Incentive Plan of Navigant Consulting,
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement
 on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-81680) filed with the SEC on
 January 30, 2002.)

10

.5 

First Amendment of the Navigant Consulting, Inc. 2001
 Supplemental Equity Incentive Plan Third, effective as of April
 16, 2007 (Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on
 Form 8-K dated April 17, 2007.)

39

Exhibit 

No. 

Description 

10

.6 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Navigant Consulting, Inc.
 (Incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-53506) filed with the SEC on
 January 10, 2001.)

10

.7 

Amendment No. 1 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.)

10

.8 

Amendment No. 2 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.)

10

.9 

Amendment No. 3 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999.)

10

.10 

Amendment No. 4 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999.)

10

.11 

Amendment No. 5 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000.)

10

.12 

Navigant Consulting, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
 effective January 1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference from our
 Definitive Notice and Proxy Statement dated March 27, 2006.)

10

.13 

First Amendment to the Navigant Consulting, Inc. Employee Stock
 Purchase Plan. (Incorporated by reference from our Current
 Report on Form 8-K dated December 24, 2008.)

10

.14 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9,
 2007.)

10

.15 

Form Non-Qualified Stock Option Award. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9,
 2007.)

10

.16 

Navigant Consulting, Inc. Directors Deferred Fees Plan.
 (Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated March 9, 2007.)

10

.17 

Amendment Number One to the Navigant Consulting, Inc.
 Directors Deferred Fees Plan. (Incorporated by reference
 from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24, 2008.)

10

.18 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between William M.
 Goodyear and the Company, dated December 19, 2008. (Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December
 24, 2008.)

10

.19 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Julie M.
 Howard and the Company, dated December 19, 2008. (Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December
 24, 2008.)

10

.20 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between David E.
 Wartner and the Company, dated December 19, 2008. (Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December
 24, 2008.)

10

.21 

Employment Agreement dated July 24, 2006 between Navigant
 Consulting, Inc. and Richard X. Fischer. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 20,
 2006.)

10

.22 

Employment Agreement dated as of July 25, 2007 between the
 Company and Scott J. Krenz. (Incorporated by reference from our
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 6, 2007.)

10

.23 

Employment Agreement dated as of November 10, 2008 between the
 Company and Thomas A. Nardi. (Incorporated by reference from
 our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31, 2008.)

10

.24 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Thomas A. Nardi
 and the Company, dated December 19, 2008. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24,
 2008.)

10

.25 

Sign-On Incentive Recovery Agreement dated as of November 10,
 2008 between the Company and Thomas A. Nardi. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31,
 2008.)

10

.26 

Employment Agreement dated as of November 3, 2008 between the
 Company and Monica M. Weed. (Incorporated by reference from our
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 22, 2008.)

40

Exhibit 

No. 

Description 

10

.27 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Monica M. Weed
 and the Company, dated December 19, 2008. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24,
 2008.)

10

.28 

Sign-On Incentive Recovery Agreement dated as of September 24,
 2008 between the Company and Monica M. Weed. (Incorporated by
 reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 22,
 2008.)

10

.29

Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Navigant
 Consulting, Inc., the foreign borrowers identified therein,
 certain subsidiaries of Navigant Consulting, Inc. identified
 therein, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing
 Line Lender and L/C Issuer, LaSalle Bank National Association,
 as Syndication Agent and the other lenders party thereto
 (Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated May 31, 2007).

21

.1 

Significant Subsidiaries of Navigant Consulting, Inc.

23

.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

31

.1 

Certification of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer required
 by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

31

.2 

Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934.

32

.1 

Certification of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to
 Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States
 Code.

Indicates filed herewith. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or
 arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this
 Form 10-K. 

41

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

Navigant Consulting, Inc.

By: 

/s/ WILLIAM
 M. GOODYEAR

William M. Goodyear 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 25, 2009

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
 persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on
 the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ WILLIAM
 M. GOODYEAR 

William
 M. Goodyear 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal
 Executive Officer)

February 25, 2009

/s/ THOMAS
 A. NARDI 

Thomas
 A. Nardi 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
 Financial Officer)

February 25, 2009

/s/ DAVID
 E. WARTNER 

David
 E. Wartner 

Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)

February 25, 2009

/s/ THOMAS
 A. GILDEHAUS 

Thomas
 A. Gildehaus 

Director

February 25, 2009

/s/ PETER
 B. POND 

Peter
 B. Pond 

Director

February 25, 2009

/s/ SAMUEL
 K. SKINNER 

Samuel
 K. Skinner 

Director

February 25, 2009

/s/ GOVERNOR
 JAMES R. THOMPSON 

Governor
 James R. Thompson 

Director

February 25, 2009

/s/ STEPHAN
 A. JAMES 

Stephan
 A. James 

Director

February 25, 2009

42

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO
 THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2008
 and 2007, and for each of the years in the three-year period
 ended December 31, 2008:

Consolidated Balance Sheets

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Income

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-7

1. Description of Business

F-7

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

F-7

3. Acquisitions

F-11

4. Segment Information

F-14

5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net

F-17

6. Net Income per Share (EPS)

F-19

7. Stockholders Equity

F-20

8. Share-based Compensation Expense

F-21

9. Supplemental Consolidated Balance Sheet Information

F-27

10. Supplemental Consolidated Cash Flow Information

F-29

11. Comprehensive Income

F-30

12. Current and Long Term Bank Debt

F-31

13. Other Operating Costs

F-32

14. Lease Commitments

F-33

15. Income Taxes

F-34

16. Employee Benefits Plans

F-36

17. Related Party Transactions

F-37

18. Litigation and Settlements

F-37

Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

S-1

F-1

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders

Navigant Consulting, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Navigant Consulting, Inc. (the Company and
 subsidiaries as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the
 related consolidated statements of income, stockholders 
 equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
 period ended December 31, 2008. In connection with our
 audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have
 audited the financial statement schedule as listed in the
 accompanying index. These consolidated financial statements and
 financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on the consolidated financial statements and financial
 statement schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of Navigant Consulting, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
 December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of their
 operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the
 three-year period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity
 with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in
 our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
 considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial
 statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material
 respects, the information set forth therein.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2008, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 25, 2009
 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ KPMG
 LLP

Chicago, Illinois

February 25, 2009

F-2

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

23,134

11,656

Accounts receivable, net

170,464

189,616

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

13,455

11,827

Deferred income tax assets

21,494

15,460

Total current assets

228,547

228,559

Property and equipment, net

45,151

54,687

Intangible assets, net

38,108

57,755

Goodwill

463,058

430,768

Other assets

17,529

6,928

Total assets

792,393

778,697

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

8,511

7,547

Accrued liabilities

10,086

9,771

Accrued compensation-related costs

72,701

62,150

Income taxes payable

1,371

5,904

Notes payable

4,173

6,348

Term loan current

2,250

2,250

Other current liabilities

31,467

32,549

Total current liabilities

130,559

126,519

Non-current liabilities

Deferred income tax liabilities

28,511

29,756

Notes payable

5,348

Other non-current liabilities

37,336

19,955

Term loan non-current

219,375

221,625

Bank debt non-current

10,854

32,741

Total non-current liabilities

296,076

309,425

Total liabilities

426,635

435,944

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, .001 par value per share;
 3,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding

Common stock, .001 par value per share;
 150,000 shares authorized; 47,319 and 45,800 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2008 and 2007

59

58

Additional paid-in capital

555,737

546,870

Deferred stock issuance, net

985

2,847

Treasury stock

(231,071

(242,302

Retained earnings

69,239

29,182

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(29,191

6,098

Total stockholders equity

365,758

342,753

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

792,393

778,697

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

F-3

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Revenues before reimbursements

727,062

681,238

605,105

Reimbursements

83,578

85,820

76,640

Total revenues

810,640

767,058

681,745

Cost of services before reimbursable expenses

444,035

421,032

349,103

Reimbursable expenses

83,578

85,820

76,640

Total costs of services

527,613

506,852

425,743

General and administrative expenses

155,378

141,430

127,579

Depreciation expense

17,302

16,179

13,400

Amortization expense

16,386

17,494

9,959

Other operating costs:

Separation and severance costs

7,288

Office consolidation

5,207

6,750

Gain on sale of property

2,201

Litigation charge

7,400

Operating income

88,754

73,266

97,664

Interest expense

20,146

15,438

4,915

Interest income

(1,182

(667

(402

Other income, net

(62

(43

(209

Income before income tax expense

69,852

58,538

93,360

Income tax expense

29,795

25,142

40,386

Net income

40,057

33,396

52,974

Basic income per share

0.86

0.67

1.00

Shares used in computing income per basic share

46,601

49,511

52,990

Diluted income per share

0.83

0.66

0.97

Shares used in computing income per diluted share

48,285

50,757

54,703

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

F-4

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common 

Accumulated 

Retained 

Total 

Common 

Treasury 

Stock 

Additional 

Deferred 

Treasury 

Other 

Earnings 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Par 

Paid-In 

Stock 

Stock 

Comprehensive 

(Accumulated 

-holders 

Shares 

Shares 

Value 

Capital 

Issuance 

Cost 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit) 

Equity 

(In thousands) 

Balance at December 31, 2005

54,668

(4,067

55

479,826

16,473

(60,424

(68

(51,414

384,448

Cumulative effect of accounting change of SAB No. 108

(5,774

(5,774

Comprehensive income

3,242

52,974

56,216

Issuances of common stock related to business combinations

1,486

7,581

(10,566

20,949

17,964

Deferred purchase price commitments to issue stock

1,314

1,314

Other issuances of common stock

754

53

8,320

812

9,132

Tax benefit on stock options exercised and restricted stock
 vested

4,327

4,327

Issuances of restricted stock, net of forfeitures

987

1

6,437

(6,438

Grants of restricted stock awards

656

5,462

6,118

Share-based compensation

11,926

905

12,831

Balance at December 31, 2006

56,409

(2,528

56

519,073

7,150

(38,663

3,174

(4,214

486,576

Comprehensive income

2,924

33,396

36,320

Issuances of common stock related to business combinations

830

(1,472

(4,006

15,064

9,586

Other issuances of common stock

702

16

7,861

245

8,106

Tax benefit on stock options exercised and restricted stock
 vested

1,633

1,633

Issuances of restricted stock, net of forfeitures

995

2

4,829

(6,103

(1,272

Grants of restricted stock awards

221

5,546

5,767

Share-based compensation expense

14,725

260

14,985

Repurchases of common stock

(10,624

(218,948

(218,948

Balance at December 31, 2007

58,106

(12,306

58

546,870

2,847

(242,302

6,098

29,182

342,753

Comprehensive income

(35,289

40,057

4,768

Issuances of common stock related to business combinations

558

(2,003

(1,853

10,989

7,133

Fair value adjustment of shares issued in acquisitions

(6,844

(6,844

Other issuances of common stock

548

12

1

6,407

242

6,650

Tax benefits on stock options exercised and restricted stock
 vested, net of deficiencies

567

567

Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures

401

(1,350

(1,350

Share-based compensation expense

12,090

(9

12,081

Balance at December 31, 2008

59,055

(11,736

59

555,737

985

(231,071

(29,191

69,239

365,758

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

F-5

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

40,057

33,396

52,974

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities, net of acquisitions:

Depreciation expense

17,302

16,179

13,400

Depreciation expense-office consolidation

2,534

Amortization expense

16,386

17,494

9,959

Share-based compensation expense

11,839

15,410

13,661

Accretion of interest expense

996

794

780

Deferred income taxes

(4,461

(982

3,444

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable

20,292

9,518

10,015

Gain on sale of property, net

(2,201

Other, net

934

62

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

4,280

(19,627

(20,462

Prepaid expenses and other assets

(12,708

(3,139

(751

Accounts payable

1,442

(5,620

(932

Accrued liabilities

(159

3,004

(3,182

Accrued compensation-related costs

5,268

15,375

7,223

Income taxes payable

(2,621

(2,395

(2,421

Other current liabilities

(8,744

13,703

4,142

Net cash provided by operating activities

91,703

91,843

87,912

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property and equipment

(7,398

(24,080

(23,771

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired

(54,222

(65,250

(56,326

Payments of acquisition liabilities

(3,154

(4,518

(13,365

Proceeds from sale of property

4,088

Other, net

(865

(3,682

(1,571

Net cash used in investing activities

(65,639

(93,442

(95,033

Cash flows from financing activities:

Issuances of common stock

6,650

7,512

9,132

Payments of notes payable

(5,976

(6,978

Repayments to banks, net of borrowings

(11,456

(2,105

(10,495

Payments of bank borrowings assumed from business acquisitions

(2,420

Term loan proceeds

225,000

Payments of term loan installments

(2,250

(1,125

Repurchases of common stock

(218,429

Other, net

(283

(179

4,738

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(13,315

1,276

3,375

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

(1,271

234

620

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

11,478

(89

(3,126

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

11,656

11,745

14,871

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year

23,134

11,656

11,745

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

F-6

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

DESCRIPTION
 OF BUSINESS 

We are an independent specialty consulting firm combining deep
 industry expertise and integrated solutions to assist companies
 and their legal counsel in addressing the challenges of
 uncertainty and risk, and leveraging opportunities for overall
 business model improvement. Professional services include
 dispute, investigative, financial, operational and business
 advisory, risk management and regulatory advisory, strategy,
 economic analysis and transaction advisory solutions. We provide
 our services. to government agencies, legal counsel and large
 companies facing the challenges of uncertainty, risk, distress
 and significant change. We focus on industries undergoing
 substantial regulatory or structural change and on the issues
 driving these transformations.

We are headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and have offices in
 various cities within the United States, as well as offices in
 Canada, Asia, and the United Kingdom. Our non
 U.S. subsidiaries, in the aggregate, represented
 approximately 17 percent of our total revenues in 2008,
 approximately 14 percent in 2007 and less than
 9 percent in 2006.

2. 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles
 of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and
 those of our subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
 transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of
 Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
 statements and the related notes. Actual results could differ
 from those estimates and may affect future results of operations
 and cash flows.

Reclassifications 

Certain amounts in prior years consolidated financial
 statements have been reclassified to conform to the current
 year s presentation including the reclassification of the
 effect of exchange rate changes on cash of 234,000 and 620,000
 to a separate line on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 from cash used in investing activities for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

Cash equivalents are comprised of liquid instruments with
 original maturity dates of 90 days or less.

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

We consider the recorded value of our financial assets and
 liabilities, which consist primarily of cash and cash
 equivalents, accounts receivable, bank borrowings, and accounts
 payable, to approximate the fair value of the respective assets
 and liabilities at December 31, 2008 and 2007 based upon
 the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. As noted
 below, we maintain an interest rate derivative which is recorded
 at fair value.

Accounts
 Receivable Realization 

We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
 losses resulting from our review and assessment of our
 clients ability to make required payments, and the
 estimated realization, in cash, by us of amounts due from our
 clients. If our clients financial condition were to
 deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make
 payment, additional allowances might be required.

F-7

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is
 computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated
 useful lives of three to seven years for furniture, fixtures and
 equipment, and three years for software. Amortization of
 leasehold improvements is computed over the shorter of the
 remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset
 which is up to ten years.

Operating
 Leases 

We lease office space under operating leases. Some of the lease
 agreements contain one or more of the following provisions or
 clauses: tenant allowances, rent holidays, lease premiums, and
 rent escalation clauses. For the purpose of recognizing these
 provisions on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
 leases, we use the date of initial possession to begin
 amortization, which is generally when we enter the space and
 begin to make improvements in preparation of intended use.

For tenant allowances and rent holidays, we record a deferred
 rent liability and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of
 the leases as reductions to rent expense. For scheduled rent
 escalation clauses during the lease term or for rental payments
 commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy,
 we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over
 the terms of the leases.

Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of
 acquired companies and the related fair value of the net assets
 acquired, which is accounted for by the purchase method of
 accounting. We test goodwill assets annually for impairment.
 This annual test is performed in the second quarter of each year
 by comparing the financial statement carrying value of each
 reporting unit to its fair value. We also review long-lived
 assets, including identifiable intangible assets and goodwill,
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
 recoverable. Our impairment testing and review may be impacted
 by, among other things, our expected operating performance,
 ability to retain key personnel, changes in operating segments
 and competitive environment.

Considerable management judgment is required to estimate future
 cash flows. Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, such
 as forecasted growth rates and cost of capital, are consistent
 with internal projections and operating plans. We did not
 recognize any impairment charges for goodwill, indefinite-lived
 intangible assets or identifiable intangible assets subject to
 amortization during the periods presented.

Intangible assets consist of identifiable intangibles other than
 goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill
 include customer lists and relationships, employee non-compete
 agreements, employee training methodology and materials, backlog
 revenue, and trade names. Intangible assets, other than
 goodwill, are amortized based on the period of consumption,
 ranging up to nine years.

In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 142 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 SFAS 142 goodwill is not amortized. Goodwill
 is subject to an impairment test annually and more frequently if
 events and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
 The impairment test is performed using a two step, fair-value
 based test. The first step compares the fair value of a
 reporting unit to its carrying value. The fair value is
 determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and a
 comparable company analysis. The second step is performed only
 if the carrying value exceeds the fair value determined in step
 one. The impairment test is considered for each reporting unit
 as defined in SFAS 142 which equates to our reporting
 segments.

We perform our annual test in the second quarter of each year.
 As discussed, in accordance with SFAS 142, we determined
 the fair value of each reporting unit. This test required us to
 estimate future cash flows and termination value. The fair value
 estimate also depended on interest rate, debt, and working
 capital

F-8

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

requirements. Estimates can also be impacted by, among other
 things, expected performance, market valuation of comparable
 companies, ability to retain key personnel, changes in operating
 segments and competitive environment. Based on these results we
 did not recognize any impairment of goodwill and, as such, did
 not complete step two of the impairment test.

During our annual test of goodwill, we considered that each of
 the four reporting units has significant goodwill and intangible
 assets. The estimated fair value of the North American Business
 Consulting reporting unit and the North American Disputes and
 Investigations reporting unit were significantly in excess of
 their net asset carrying value by approximately 50 and 40 ,
 respectively. The estimated fair value of the International
 Consulting Operations reporting unit exceeded its net asset
 carrying value by approximately 20 . Given the International
 Consulting Operations segment s lower size and higher
 expected growth rates, this excess may be more volatile. The
 Economic Consulting Services reporting unit was acquired
 concurrent with the annual test and thus its estimated value
 approximated the carrying value of its net assets.

We subsequently considered in each of the remaining two quarters
 of 2008 whether or not the fair value of each of the reporting
 units could have fallen below its carrying value. We considered
 the elements outlined in SFAS 142 and other factors
 including, but not limited to, changes in the business climate
 in which we operate, recent disruptions in the financial
 markets, our market capitalization in excess of our book value,
 our recent operating performance, the operating performance of
 the Economic Consulting Services reporting unit relative to our
 expectations at the time of acquisition, and our annual budget
 for 2009. As a result of this review we determined that no such
 event or condition existed that would cause us to perform an
 interim goodwill impairment test prior to our next annual test
 date. However, we continue to monitor these factors and we may
 be required to perform an additional impairment test in future
 periods if our operating performance or the overall economic
 conditions continue to deteriorate.

Our intangible assets are subject to changes in estimated fair
 market values which are determined in part based on our
 operating performance and expectations for the future. Our test
 for goodwill impairment is based on the estimated fair value of
 our reporting units. The estimated fair value of our reporting
 units is subject to, among other things, changes in our
 estimated business future growth rate, profit margin, long term
 outlook and weighted average cost of capital. Our International
 Consulting Operations and Economic Consulting Services segments
 are most sensitive to those changes as the excess of their fair
 value over their asset carrying value is generally lower.
 Additionally, our long term assets are subject to changes in
 events or circumstances that could impact their carrying value.
 A decline in the estimated fair value of our reporting units or
 other long term assets could result in an impairment charge.

Revenue
 Recognition 

We recognize revenues as the related professional services are
 provided. In connection with recording revenues, estimates and
 assumptions are required in determining the expected conversion
 of the revenues to cash. We may provide multiple services under
 the terms of an arrangement and are required to assess whether
 one or more units of accounting are present. Usually we account
 for the fees as one unit of accounting as we do not have fair
 value evidence for individual tasks or milestones. There are
 also client engagements where we are paid a fixed amount for our
 services. The recording of these fixed revenue amounts requires
 us to make an estimate of the total amount of work to be
 performed and revenues are then recognized as efforts are
 expended based on (i) objectively determinable output
 measures, (ii) input measures if output measures are not
 reliable, or (iii) the straight-line method over the term
 of the arrangement. From time to time, we also earn incremental
 revenues. These incremental revenue amounts are generally
 contingent on a specific event, and the incremental revenues are
 recognized when the contingencies are resolved. Any taxes
 assessed on revenues relating to services provided to our
 clients are recorded on a net basis.

F-9

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Legal 

We record legal expenses as incurred. Potential exposures
 related to unfavorable outcomes of legal matters are accrued for
 when they become probable and reasonably estimable.

Share-Based
 Payments SFAS No. 123(R) 

Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment, which replaces
 SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-based
 Compensation, and supersedes the Accounting Principles
 Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
 Employees. SFAS No. 123(R) requires that the
 cost resulting from all share-based compensation arrangements,
 such as our stock option and restricted stock plans, be
 recognized in the financial statements based on their grant date
 fair value. We adopted SFAS No. 123(R) using the
 modified prospective application method. Under the modified
 prospective application method, prior periods are not revised
 for comparative purposes. The valuation provisions of
 SFAS No. 123(R) apply to new awards and to unvested
 awards that are outstanding on the effective date
 (January 1, 2006) or subsequently modified or
 cancelled.

Accounting
 for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both
 Liabilities and Equity 
 SFAS No. 150 

In connection with certain acquisitions, we are contractually
 obligated to issue a fixed dollar amount of shares of our common
 stock. The number of shares to be issued is based on the trading
 price of our common stock at the time of issuance. In accordance
 with SFAS No. 150, Accounting for Certain
 Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities
 and Equity, we recorded such obligations as current and
 non-current liabilities based on the due dates of the
 obligations.

Income
 Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with the asset and
 liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
 differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
 existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
 tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
 which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
 or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of
 a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
 includes the enactment date. We record interest and penalties as
 a component of our income tax provision. Such amounts were not
 material during 2008, 2007 or 2006.

As of January 1, 2007, we adopted FASB Interpretation
 No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
 Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement
 No. 109 FIN 48 ). This
 interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
 income taxes recognized in an entity s financial statements
 in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for
 Income Taxes. It prescribes a recognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for financial statement disclosure of tax
 positions taken or expected to be taken. This interpretation
 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
 interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, and
 related disclosures. The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a
 material impact on our recognition or measurement of uncertain
 tax positions.

Treasury
 Stock 

Treasury stock transactions are recorded at cost.

F-10

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign
 Currency Translation 

The balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries are translated
 into United States dollars using the period-end exchange rates,
 and revenues and expenses are translated using the average
 exchange rates for each period. The resulting translation gains
 or losses are recorded in stockholders equity as a
 component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Gains and
 losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are recorded
 in the consolidated statements of income. Such amounts were not
 significant during the periods presented.

Interest
 Rate Derivative 

We maintain an interest rate swap that is designated as a cash
 flow hedge to manage the market risk from changes in interest
 rates on a portion of our variable rate term loans. We recognize
 derivative instruments which are cash flow hedges as assets or
 liabilities at fair value, with the related gain or loss
 reflected within stockholders equity as a component of
 accumulated other comprehensive income. Such instruments are
 recorded at fair value, and at December 31, 2008, the net
 fair value approximated a liability of 9.6 million which
 was included in other non-current liabilities. Changes in fair
 value, as calculated in accordance with Statement No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements SFAS 157 ),
 are recorded in other comprehensive income (see
 Note 11) only to the extent of effectiveness. Any
 ineffectiveness on the instrument would be recognized in the
 consolidated statements of income. The differentials to be
 received or paid under the instrument are recognized in income
 over the life of the contract as adjustments to interest
 expense. During 2008, we recorded no gain or loss due to
 ineffectiveness and recorded 3.0 million in interest
 expense associated with differentials paid under the instrument.
 Based on the net fair value at December 31, 2008, we expect
 approximately 6.4 million will impact earnings in 2009.

Comprehensive
 Income 

Comprehensive income consists of net income, foreign currency
 translation adjustments and unrealized net loss on the interest
 rate derivative. It is presented in the consolidated statements
 of stockholders equity.

3. 

ACQUISITIONS 

2008
 Acquisitions 

On December 31, 2008, we acquired the assets of The Bard
 Group, LLC Bard for 7.2 million, which
 consisted of 4.6 million in cash and 0.6 million of
 our common stock paid at closing and two deferred cash payments
 of 1.0 million each, due on the first and second
 anniversaries of closing. The common stock and deferred cash
 payments were recorded at fair value at closing for
 0.5 million and 1.9 million, respectively. We
 acquired assets of 0.7 million and assumed liabilities of
 0.7 million. As part of the purchase price allocation, we
 recorded 1.6 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 5.4 million in goodwill. Bard provided physician
 leadership and performance improvement services in the
 healthcare industry. We acquired Bard to enhance our healthcare
 practice in the area of providing integration strategy, service
 line development, and performance excellence. Bard was comprised
 of 25 consulting professionals located in Boston, Massachusetts
 at the time of acquisition and is included in North American
 Business Consulting Services segment.

On May 1, 2008, we acquired the assets of Chicago Partners,
 LLC Chicago Partners for 73.0 million, which
 consisted of 50.0 million in cash paid at closing and
 23.0 million in our common stock (which was recorded at
 fair value for 21.0 million at closing). The common stock
 will be paid in four equal installments of 5.8 million,
 the first of which was paid on the six month anniversary of the
 closing and the remaining three of which will be paid on each of
 the first, second and third year anniversaries of the closing.
 We acquired assets of 16.7 million, including
 15.8 million in accounts receivable, net of an allowance
 for doubtful accounts, and assumed liabilities of
 7.0 million. We paid 0.5 million in
 acquisition-related costs. We recorded 2.3 million of
 liabilities for obligations related to lease exit costs for
 office space assumed in

F-11

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

the acquisition. The obligation recorded for real estate lease
 exit costs is based on foregone rent payments for the remainder
 of the lease term less assumed sublease income. As of
 December 31, 2008, we have not secured subtenants to occupy
 the office space assumed in the acquisition. As part of the
 original purchase price allocation, we recorded
 4.3 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 61.1 million in goodwill. The purchase agreement provided
 for an adjustment of the purchase price for the difference in
 net assets acquired compared to the target net assets. The
 purchase price paid in cash at closing was funded under our
 credit facility.

We may pay up to 27.0 million of additional purchase
 consideration based on the Chicago Partners business
 achieving certain post-closing performance targets during the
 periods from closing to December 31, 2008 and in calendar
 years 2009, 2010 and 2011. If earned, the additional purchase
 consideration would be payable 75 percent in cash and
 25 percent in our common stock. The additional purchase
 price payments, if any, will be payable in March of the year
 following the year such performance targets are attained. Any
 additional purchase price consideration payments will be
 recorded as goodwill when the contingencies regarding attainment
 of performance targets are resolved. As of December 31,
 2008, we recorded a liability for additional purchase price
 payments of approximately 3.0 million associated with
 additional purchase consideration earned during 2008.

We acquired Chicago Partners to expand our product offerings to
 our clients. Chicago Partners provides economic and financial
 analyses of legal and business issues principally for law firms,
 corporations and government agencies. Chicago Partners had
 approximately 90 consultants at the time of acquisition. Chicago
 Partners is managed and resources are allocated based on its
 results and as such, in accordance with SFAS No. 131,
 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
 Information, operates under a fourth operating segment
 referred to as Economic Consulting Services. 

The allocation of purchase price for these acquisitions is
 materially complete; however, certain identifiable intangible
 assets valuations have not been finalized. The Company expects
 to finalize these items by the end of the first quarter of 2009.

2007
 Acquisitions 

On January 5, 2007, we acquired Abros Enterprise Limited
 Abros for 11.9 million, which consisted of
 9.9 million in cash, 1.0 million of our common stock
 paid at closing, and notes payable totaling 1.0 million
 (payable in two equal installments on the first and second
 anniversaries of the closing date). We acquired assets of
 3.3 million, including 1.8 million in cash, and
 assumed liabilities of 1.4 million. As part of the
 purchase price allocation, we recorded 4.0 million in
 identifiable intangible assets and 8.1 million in
 goodwill, which included 1.2 million of deferred income
 taxes. Additionally, we paid 0.4 million of
 acquisition-related costs. As part of the purchase agreement, we
 acquired an office lease agreement which we terminated. We
 recorded 0.2 million to goodwill and accrued liabilities
 for the additional acquisition-related costs to exit the lease
 of the acquired business. In addition, we paid 0.4 million
 related to adjustments to the net asset value acquired from
 Abros. Abros offered strategic planning, financial analysis and
 implementation advice for public sector infrastructure projects.
 We acquired Abros to strengthen our presence in the
 United Kingdom public sector markets. Abros was comprised
 of 15 consulting professionals located in the United Kingdom at
 the time of acquisition and was included in the International
 Consulting Operations segment.

On June 8, 2007, we acquired Bluepress Limited, a holding
 company which conducts business through its wholly-owned
 subsidiary, Augmentis PLC Augmentis ), for
 16.2 million, which consisted of 15.3 million in
 cash paid at closing and 0.8 million of our common stock
 paid in July 2007. We acquired assets of 3.1 million and
 assumed liabilities of 7.0 million. In June 2007, as part
 of the purchase agreement, we received 4.0 million in cash
 as an adjustment to the purchase price consideration related to
 the assumption of debt at the closing date, which was paid off
 shortly thereafter. As part of the purchase price allocation, we

F-12

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

recorded 6.8 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 11.8 million in goodwill, which included 2.0 million
 of deferred income taxes. Additionally, we paid
 0.4 million in acquisition-related costs. Augmentis
 provided program management consulting services to support
 public sector infrastructure projects. We acquired Augmentis to
 strengthen our presence in the United Kingdom public sector
 markets. Augmentis was comprised of 24 consulting professionals
 located in the United Kingdom at the time of acquisition and was
 included in the International Consulting Operations segment.

On June 19, 2007, we acquired the assets of AMDC
 Corporation AMDC for 16.6 million, which
 consisted of 13.0 million in cash and 1.6 million of
 our common stock paid at closing, and 2.0 million paid in
 cash on the first anniversary of the closing date. As part of
 the purchase price allocation, we recorded 4.9 million in
 identifiable intangible assets and 12.2 million in
 goodwill. We assumed certain liabilities aggregating
 1.1 million including deferred revenue and acquisition
 costs related to exiting an office lease acquired as part of the
 acquisition. AMDC provided strategy and implementation
 consulting services in relation to the development of hospital
 and healthcare facilities. We acquired AMDC to strengthen our
 healthcare business and leverage our construction consulting
 capabilities. AMDC was included in the North American Business
 Consulting Services segment and included 23 consulting
 professionals at the time of acquisition.

On July 30, 2007, we acquired Troika (UK) Limited
 Troika for 43.9 million, which consisted of
 30.8 million in cash paid at closing, 3.3 million of
 our common stock paid in September 2007, and notes payable
 totaling 9.8 million (payable in two equal installments on
 the first and second anniversaries of the closing date). We
 acquired assets of 10.3 million, including
 3.4 million in cash, and assumed liabilities of
 5.9 million. As part of the purchase price allocation, we
 recorded 14.2 million in identifiable intangible assets
 and 30.7 million in goodwill, which included
 4.0 million of deferred income taxes. We paid
 1.0 million related to adjustments to the net asset value
 acquired from Troika. Additionally, we paid 0.4 million of
 acquisition-related costs. Troika provided consultancy services
 to the financial services and insurance industry covering
 operations performance improvement; product and distribution
 strategies; organization, people and change; and IT
 effectiveness and transaction support. Troika was included in
 the International Consulting Operations segment and included 42
 consulting professionals located in the United Kingdom at
 the time of acquisition.

We acquired other businesses during the year ended
 December 31, 2007 for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately 8.1 million. As part of the purchase price
 allocations for these acquisitions, we recorded
 3.9 million in identifiable intangible assets and
 4.9 million in goodwill, which included 1.5 million
 of deferred income taxes. These acquisitions included 25
 consulting professionals, most of whom were located in Canada.

2006
 Acquisitions 

On March 23, 2006, we acquired Precept Programme Management
 Limited Precept for 54.7 million, which
 consisted of 38.4 million in cash and 12.0 million
 of our common stock paid at closing, and a 4.3 million
 note payable due March 2008. We acquired assets of
 11.3 million, including cash of 5.6 million, and
 assumed liabilities totaling 4.8 million from the Precept
 acquisition. The common stock issued at closing was recorded at
 fair value for 9.5 million. We did a purchase price
 allocation and recorded 41.1 million in goodwill and
 12.8 million in identifiable intangible assets as part of
 the purchase price allocation. Precept was a leading independent
 dispute advisory and program management consulting firm in the
 United Kingdom, with particular expertise in the construction
 industry. We acquired Precept, which included approximately 35
 consulting professionals at the time of acquisition, to
 strengthen our presence in the United Kingdom. Precept was
 included in the International Consulting Operations segment.

On November 30, 2006, we acquired HP3, Inc.
 HP3 for 17.6 million, which consisted of
 14.3 million in cash and 1.3 million of our common
 stock paid at closing, and 2.0 million in notes payable
 (payable

F-13

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

in two equal installments on the first and second anniversaries
 of the closing date). We acquired tangible assets of
 6.6 million and assumed liabilities totaling
 4.6 million from the acquisition. We did a purchase price
 allocation and recorded 12.3 million in goodwill and
 4.6 million in identifiable intangible assets as part of
 the purchase price allocation. HP3 was a nationally recognized
 healthcare consulting firm with a proven reputation in providing
 clinical documentation, coding, and data for improved
 reimbursements, compliance and patient care. We acquired HP3,
 which included approximately 100 consulting professionals at the
 time of acquisition, to strengthen our healthcare business. HP3
 was included in the North American Business Consulting Services
 segment.

We acquired several other businesses during the year ended
 December 31, 2006 for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately 15.4 million.

Accounting
 for Acquisitions 

All of our business acquisitions described above have been
 accounted for by the purchase method of accounting for business
 combinations and, accordingly, the results of operations have
 been included in our consolidated financial statements since the
 dates of the acquisition.

Pro
 Forma Information 

The following table summarizes certain supplemental unaudited
 pro forma financial information which was prepared as if the
 2007 and 2008 acquisitions noted above had occurred as of the
 beginning of the periods presented. The unaudited pro forma
 financial information was prepared for comparative purposes only
 and does not purport to be indicative of what would have
 occurred had the acquisitions been made at that time or of
 results which may occur in the future.

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Total revenues

828,324

838,480

Net income

41,371

33,559

Basic net income per share

0.86

0.66

Diluted net income per share

0.84

0.64

4. 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION 

We manage our business in four segments North
 American Dispute and Investigative Services, North American
 Business Consulting Services, International Consulting
 Operations, and Economic Consulting Services. The Economic
 Consulting Services segment was added in 2008 in connection with
 our acquisition of Chicago Partners on May 1, 2008 (see
 Acquisitions). These segments are generally defined by the
 nature of their services and geography. The business is managed
 and resources are allocated on the basis of the four operating
 segments.

The North American Dispute and Investigative Services segment
 provides a wide range of services to clients facing the
 challenges of disputes, litigation, forensic investigation,
 discovery, and regulatory compliance. The clients of this
 segment are principally law firms, corporate general counsels,
 and corporate boards.

The North American Business Consulting Services segment provides
 strategic, operational, financial, regulatory and technical
 management consulting services to clients. Services are sold
 principally through vertical industry practices such as energy,
 healthcare, financial and insurance. The clients are principally
 C suite and corporate management, government
 entities, and law firms.

F-14

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The International Consulting Operations segment provides a mix
 of dispute and business consulting services to clients
 predominately outside North America with headquarters in London,
 England.

The Economic Consulting Services segment provides economic and
 financial analyses of complex legal and business issues
 principally for law firms, corporations and government agencies.
 Expertise includes areas such as antitrust, corporate finance
 and governance, bankruptcy, forensic accounting, intellectual
 property, investment banking, labor market discrimination and
 compensation, corporate valuation, and securities litigation.

In accordance with the disclosure requirements of
 SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an
 Enterprise and Related Information, we identified the
 above four operating segments as reportable segments.

Information on the segment operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 have been summarized as
 follows (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

2006 

Total revenues:

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

338,230

324,734

296,066

North American Business Consulting Services

355,991

379,152

356,452

International Consulting Operations

79,526

63,172

29,227

Economic Consulting Services

36,893

Total revenues

810,640

767,058

681,745

Segment operating profit:

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

131,440

126,529

128,858

North American Business Consulting Services

127,065

123,764

123,669

International Consulting Operations

23,251

22,160

13,740

Economic Consulting Services

14,121

Total combined segment operating profit

295,877

272,453

266,267

Segment reconciliation to income before income tax expense:

Unallocated:

General and administrative expenses

155,378

141,430

127,579

Depreciation expense

17,302

16,179

13,400

Amortization expense

16,386

17,494

9,959

Long term compensation expense related to consulting personnel
 (including share based compensation)

12,850

12,247

10,265

Other operating expenses

5,207

11,837

7,400

Other expense, net

18,902

14,728

4,304

Total unallocated expenses, net

226,025

213,915

172,907

Income before income tax expense

69,852

58,538

93,360

We recorded other operating costs of 5.2 million,
 11.8 million and 7.4 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively (see
 Note 13 for a description of such costs), which were not
 allocated to segment operating costs.

The information presented does not necessarily reflect the
 results of segment operations that would have occurred had the
 segments been stand-alone businesses. Certain unallocated
 expense amounts, related to specific reporting segments, have
 been excluded from the segment operating profit to be consistent
 with the

F-15

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

information used by management to evaluate segment performance.
 We record accounts receivable, and goodwill and intangible
 assets, net on a segment basis. Other balance sheet amounts are
 not maintained on a segment basis.

Total assets by segment were as follows (shown in thousands):

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

North American Dispute and Investigative Services

287,225

325,426

North American Business Consulting Services

236,419

246,656

International Consulting Operations

73,897

106,058

Economic Consulting Services

74,089

Unallocated assets

120,763

100,557

Total assets

792,393

778,697

Geographic
 data 

Total revenue and assets by geographic region were as follows
 (shown in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Total revenue:

United States

676,610

658,325

619,899

United Kingdom

93,567

79,831

36,064

All other

40,463

28,902

25,782

Total

810,640

767,058

681,745

December 31, 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Total assets:

United States

639,048

569,406

United Kingdom

110,966

163,562

All other

42,379

45,729

Total

792,393

778,697

F-16

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. 

GOODWILL
 AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 

As of December 31, goodwill and other intangible assets
 consisted of (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Goodwill

468,483

436,193

Less accumulated amortization

(5,425

(5,425

Goodwill, net

463,058

430,768

Intangible assets:

Customer lists and relationships

58,834

65,705

Non-compete agreements

18,878

21,082

Other

17,470

16,840

Intangible assets, at cost

95,182

103,627

Less: accumulated amortization

(57,074

(45,872

Intangible assets, net

38,108

57,755

Goodwill and intangible assets, net

501,166

488,523

In accordance with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and
 Other Intangible Assets, we are required to perform an
 annual goodwill impairment test. During the second quarter of
 2008, we completed an annual impairment test for our goodwill
 balances as of May 31, 2008. There was no indication of
 impairment based on our analysis. We reviewed the net book
 values and estimated useful lives by class of our intangible
 assets and considered facts and circumstances that could be an
 indication of impairment.

As prescribed by SFAS No. 144, Accounting for
 the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, we review our
 intangible asset values on a periodic basis. We had
 38.1 million in intangible assets, net of accumulated
 amortization as of December 31, 2008. Of the
 38.1 million balance, 28.0 million related to
 customer lists and relationships, 5.4 million related to
 non-compete agreements and 4.7 million related to other
 intangible assets. As of December 31, 2008, the weighted
 average remaining life for customer lists and relationships,
 non-compete agreements and other intangible assets was
 4.7 years, 2.8 years and 3.7 years, respectively.
 We have reviewed the estimated period of consumption for our
 intangible assets. As of December 31, 2008, there was no
 indication of impairment related to our intangible assets. Our
 intangible assets have estimated useful lives which range up to
 nine years. We will amortize the remaining net book values of
 intangible assets over their remaining useful lives. At
 December 31, 2008, the weighted average remaining life for
 our intangible assets in total was 4.3 years.

F-17

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The changes in carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets
 (shown in thousands) during the years ended December 31,
 2008 and December 31, 2007 are as follows:

2008 

2007 

Balance as of the beginning of the period Goodwill,
 net

430,768

359,705

Goodwill acquired during the period

69,801

66,059

Adjustments to goodwill

(6,905

Foreign currency translation goodwill

(30,606

5,004

Balance as of the end of the period Total

463,058

430,768

Balance as of the beginning of the period Intangible
 assets, net

57,755

38,416

Intangible assets acquired during the period

5,894

34,388

Foreign currency translation intangible assets, net

(9,155

2,445

Less amortization expense

(16,386

(17,494

Balance as of the end of the period Total

38,108

57,755

For the businesses acquired during the year ended
 December 31, 2008, we have allocated the purchase prices,
 including amounts assigned to goodwill and intangible assets,
 and made estimates of their related useful lives. The amounts
 assigned to intangible assets for the businesses acquired
 include non-compete agreements, client lists and relationships,
 backlog revenue, and trade names.

During the quarter ended March 31, 2008, we recorded a
 reduction to goodwill and a related reduction to
 paid-in-capital 
 of 6.8 million to reflect a discount for lack of
 marketability on common stock with transfer restrictions issued
 in connection with acquisition purchase agreements. The fair
 value of the discount for lack of marketability was determined
 using a protective put approach that considered entity-specific
 assumptions, including the duration of the transfer restriction
 periods for the share issuances and applicable volatility of our
 common stock for those periods. In addition, we recorded a
 reduction to goodwill and a related reduction to deferred income
 taxes of 0.5 million to reflect the tax impact of such
 adjustments. Also, we recorded 0.4 million of goodwill
 related to purchase price adjustments related to certain 2007
 acquisitions.

As of December 31, 2008, goodwill and intangible assets,
 net of amortization, was 214.4 million for our North
 American Dispute and Investigative Services segment,
 171.4 million for our North American Business Consulting
 Services segment, 55.8 million for our International
 Consulting Operations segment and 59.5 million for our
 Economics Consulting Operations segment. As of December 31,
 2007, goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, was
 236.4 million for our North American Dispute and
 Investigative Services segment, 168.6 million for our
 North American Business Consulting Services segment and
 83.5 million for our International Consulting Operations
 segment.

F-18

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total amortization expense for 2008 was 16.4 million,
 compared with 17.5 million and 10.0 million for 2007
 and 2006, respectively. Below is the estimated annual aggregate
 amortization expense to be recorded in future years related to
 intangible assets at December 31, 2008 (shown in thousands):

Year Ending December 31, 

Amount 

2009

13,091

2010

8,861

2011

7,365

2012

4,146

2013

3,336

Thereafter

1,309

Total

38,108

We have intangible assets that are expected to be fully
 amortized at various dates through 2015.

6. 

NET
 INCOME PER SHARE (EPS) 

Basic net income per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net
 income by the number of basic shares. Basic shares are the total
 of the common stock outstanding and the equivalent shares from
 obligations presumed payable in common stock, both weighted for
 the average days outstanding for the period. Basic shares
 exclude the dilutive effect of common stock that could
 potentially be issued due to the exercise of stock options,
 vesting of restricted shares, or satisfaction of necessary
 conditions for contingently issuable shares. Diluted EPS is
 computed by dividing net income by the number of diluted shares,
 which are the total of the basic shares outstanding and all
 potentially issuable shares, based on the weighted average days
 outstanding for the period.

For the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
 components of basic and diluted shares (shown in thousands and
 based on the weighted average days outstanding for the periods)
 are as follows:

2008 

2007 

2006 

Common shares outstanding

46,522

49,236

52,561

Business combination obligations payable in a fixed number of
 shares

79

275

429

Basic shares

46,601

49,511

52,990

Employee stock options

446

577

728

Restricted shares and stock units

375

439

558

Business combination obligations payable in a fixed dollar
 amount of shares

846

132

252

Contingently issuable shares

17

98

175

Diluted shares

48,285

50,757

54,703

For the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, we
 had outstanding stock options of approximately 394,000, 402,000
 and 319,000, respectively, which were excluded from the
 computation of diluted shares. The shares were excluded from the
 diluted share computation because these shares had exercise
 prices greater than the average market price and the impact of
 including these options in the diluted share calculation would
 have been antidilutive.

In connection with certain business acquisitions, we are
 obligated to issue a certain number of shares of our common
 stock. Obligations to issue a fixed number of shares are
 included in the basic earnings per share

F-19

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

calculation. Obligations to issue a fixed dollar amount of
 shares where the number of shares is based on the trading price
 of our shares at the time of issuance are included in the
 diluted earnings per share calculation.

In accordance with SFAS No. 128, Earnings per
 Share, we use the treasury stock method to calculate the
 dilutive effect of our common stock equivalents should they
 vest. The exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted
 shares and restricted stock unit shares triggers excess tax
 benefits or tax deficiencies that reduce or increase the
 dilutive effect of such shares being issued. The excess tax
 benefits or deficiencies are based on the difference between the
 market price of our common stock on the date the equity award is
 exercised or vested and the cumulative compensation cost of the
 stock options, restricted shares and restricted stock units.
 These excess tax benefits are recorded as a component of
 additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated
 balance sheets and, as a component of financing cash flows in
 the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.

7. 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2008 

As part of the acquisitions consummated during 2008, we issued
 384,000 shares of our common stock valued at
 6.2 million, in aggregate. During the year ended
 December 31, 2008, we issued 174,000 shares of our
 common stock in connection with deferred purchase price
 obligations relating to prior year acquisitions.

For
 the year ended December 31, 2007 

In June 2007, we completed our modified Dutch
 Auction tender offer and purchased 10.6 million
 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 20.50 per
 share. Additionally, we recorded management and agent fees
 related to the tender offer as part of the costs of the purchase
 of our common stock. We account for treasury stock transactions
 using the cost method.

As part of the annual bonus incentive compensation for 2006, we
 granted approximately 310,000 shares of restricted stock,
 in lieu of cash bonus, to our employees during the first quarter
 2007. These shares, which had an aggregate value of
 5.7 million based on the market value of our common stock
 price at the grant date, vested six months from the grant date.

As part of the acquisitions consummated during 2007, we issued
 500,000 shares of our common stock valued at
 7.8 million, in aggregate. During the year ended
 December 31, 2007, we issued 330,000 shares of our
 common stock in connection with deferred purchase price
 obligations relating to prior year acquisitions.

For
 the year ended December 31, 2006 

As part of the acquisitions consummated during 2006, we issued
 813,000 shares of our common stock valued at
 17.5 million, in aggregate. During the year ended
 December 31, 2006, we issued 673,000 shares of our
 common stock in connection with deferred purchase price
 obligations relating to prior year acquisitions.

As part of the annual bonus incentive compensation for 2005, we
 granted approximately 265,000 shares of restricted stock,
 in lieu of cash bonus, to our employees during the first quarter
 2006. These shares, which had an aggregate value of
 5.2 million based on the market value of our common stock
 price at the grant date, vested six months from the grant date.

In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 108 SAB 108 ).
 SAB 108 was issued to provide interpretive guidance on how
 the effects of the carryover or reversal of prior year
 misstatements should be considered in quantifying a current year
 misstatement. The provisions of SAB 108 were effective for
 our December 31, 2006 year-end. We adopted
 SAB 108 during the fourth quarter of 2006 and accordingly,
 we recorded a 5.8 million, net of tax, cumulative effect
 of accounting change to accumulated deficit as of
 January 1, 2006. The 5.8 million cumulative effect of
 accounting change related to certain payments in

F-20

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

connection with previously disclosed acquisitions and revenue
 recognition related to a long-term claims processing engagement.
 The cumulative effect of accounting change related to payments
 in connection with previously disclosed acquisitions aggregated
 4.4 million. We have determined that such payments
 previously determined to be purchase price were compensatory in
 nature. The net income impact of the additional compensation
 expense would have been 0.2 million in 2002,
 1.3 million in 2003, 1.5 million in 2004, and
 1.4 million in 2005. The cumulative effect of the
 accounting change related to the revenue recognition of a
 long-term claims processing engagement was 1.4 million. If
 revenue had been recorded correctly, net income would have been
 reduced by 0.8 million in 2004 and 0.6 million in
 2005. The error related to an inadvertent acceleration of
 revenue based on billing terms.

Stockholder
 Rights Plan 

On December 15, 1999, our board of directors adopted a
 stockholders rights plan and declared a dividend distribution of
 one right for each outstanding share of common stock, to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on
 December 27, 1999. The description and terms of those
 rights are set forth in a rights agreement between us and Bank
 of America (formerly LaSalle Bank), as successor rights agent.
 Each right will entitle its holder, under certain circumstances
 described in the rights agreement, to purchase from us one
 one-thousandth of a share of our Series A Junior
 Participating Preferred Stock, .001 par value, at an
 exercise price of 75 per right, subject to adjustment. The
 rights are not exercisable until the distribution date (as
 defined in our rights agreement) and will expire at the close of
 business on December 15, 2009, unless earlier redeemed or
 exchanged by us.

Other
 Information 

We did not have any preferred stock transactions during the
 years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 or 2006.

8. 

SHARE-BASED
 COMPENSATION EXPENSE 

Summary 

On June 30, 1996, we adopted a long-term incentive plan
 that provides for common stock, common stock-based and other
 performance incentives to our employees, consultants, directors,
 advisors and independent contractors. On May 4, 2005, our
 shareholders approved, at the 2005 annual meeting of
 shareholders, an additional long-term incentive plan. The
 long-term incentive plan adopted in 2005 provided for an
 additional 5.25 million shares of our common stock
 available to be issued under the plan. In November 2001, we
 adopted a supplemental equity incentive plan to retain and
 recruit certain middle and senior-level employees and to
 optimize shareholder value. Our supplemental equity incentive
 plan only provides for the grant of nonqualified stock options.
 The supplemental equity incentive plan did not require
 shareholder approval; therefore, it was not voted on or approved
 by our stockholders.

The purposes of the plans are to (1) align the interests of
 our shareholders and recipients of awards under the plan,
 (2) attract and retain officers, other employees,
 non-employee directors, consultants, independent contractors and
 agents, and (3) motivate such persons to act in the
 long-term best interests of our shareholders. The incentives
 offered by us under the plans are an important component of the
 compensation for the recipients.

Share-based
 Compensation Plans 

The share-based compensation plans use restricted stock, stock
 options, and an employee stock purchase plan to provide
 incentives to our employees.

F-21

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted
 Stock Outstanding 

As of December 31, 2008, we had 1.7 million restricted
 stock and equivalent units outstanding at a weighted average
 measurement price of 19.00 per share. The measurement price is
 the market price of our common stock at the date of grant of the
 restricted stock awards and equivalent units. The restricted
 stock and equivalent units were granted out of our long-term
 incentive plan.

During the year ended December 31, 2007, we issued
 2.0 million shares of restricted stock related to annual
 bonus incentive compensation, performance incentive initiatives,
 and recruiting efforts. During the first quarter 2007, as part
 of the annual bonus incentive compensation, we granted
 approximately 310,000 shares of restricted stock, in lieu
 of cash bonus, to our employees. We also granted approximately
 110,000 shares of restricted stock to our employees as a
 match for the annual bonus received in shares of restricted
 stock in lieu of cash. These shares vest in three equal
 installments over 18 months from the grant dates.

On March 13, 2007 and April 30, 2007, we issued a
 total of 1.2 million shares of restricted stock, with an
 aggregate market value of 22.6 million based on the market
 value of our common stock price at the grant date, to key senior
 consultants and senior management as part of an incentive
 program. The restricted stock awards will vest seven years from
 the grant date, with the opportunity for accelerated vesting
 over five years based upon the achievement of certain targets
 related to our consolidated operating performance. The
 compensation associated with these awards is being recognized
 over the probable period in which the restricted stock awards
 will vest. We review the likelihood of required performance
 achievements on a periodic basis and adjust compensation expense
 on a prospective basis to reflect any change in estimate to
 properly reflect compensation expense over the remaining balance
 of the service or performance period. As of December 31,
 2008, approximately 0.9 million of these restricted stock
 awards remain outstanding and no shares have vested.

During the fourth quarter 2008, based on operating performance,
 we changed our estimate and lengthened the amount of time
 expected for performance achievement of 20 percent of the
 awards outstanding. During the fourth quarter 2008, the
 compensation committee of the board of directors approved a
 20 percent accelerated vest to occur in March 2009 based on
 adjusted performance target achievement. As such, compensation
 expense was adjusted prospectively to reflect these changes.
 Compensation for the remaining 60 percent restricted stock
 awards outstanding will commence once the explicit performance
 period begins or the intrinsic service period starts.

Except for the awards issued in connection with the annual bonus
 incentive compensation and the key leader incentive program, the
 remaining awards outstanding at December 31, 2008 vest over
 four years, generally in 25 percent annual installments
 from the grant date.

F-22

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table summarizes restricted stock activity for the
 years ended December 31,

2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Number 

Average 

Number 

Average 

Number 

Average 

of Shares 

Measurement 

of Shares 

Measurement 

of Shares 

Measurement 

(000s) 

Date Price 

(000s) 

Date Price 

(000s) 

Date Price 

Restricted stock and equivalents outstanding at beginning of year

2,264

19.45

1,963

19.07

1,562

16.45

Granted

172

17.72

1,986

18.71

1,602

19.73

Vested

(479

20.02

(1,054

17.50

(985

15.79

Forfeited

(279

19.43

(631

19.20

(216

19.33

Restricted stock and equivalents outstanding at end of year

1,678

19.00

2,264

19.45

1,963

19.07

As of December 31, 2008, we had 17.6 million of total
 compensation costs related to the outstanding or unvested
 restricted stock that have not been recognized as share-based
 compensation expense. The compensation costs will be recognized
 as expense over the remaining vesting periods. The
 weighted-average remaining vesting period is approximately four
 years. During the first quarter of 2008, the compensation
 committee of the board of directors suspended, for 2008, the
 policy to grant shares of the restricted stock in lieu of cash
 bonus to our employees. Accordingly, 2007 bonus incentive
 compensation was paid in cash during the first quarter of 2008.

The following table summarizes information regarding restricted
 stock outstanding:

December 31, 2008 

December 31, 2007 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Outstanding 

Average 

Outstanding 

Average 

Shares 

Measurement 

Shares 

Measurement 

Range of Measurement Date Prices 

(000s) 

Date Price 

(000s) 

Date Price 

0.00 17.99

135

16.05

41

16.96

18.00 18.99

820

18.56

1,067

18.55

19.00 20.99

641

19.56

958

19.59

21.00 24.99

45

22.26

107

22.54

25.00 and above

37

25.97

91

26.00

Total

1,678

19.00

2,264

19.45

The median measurement price of outstanding restricted shares as
 of December 31, 2008 and 2007 was 19.57 and 19.82,
 respectively.

Stock
 Options Outstanding 

As of December 31, 2008, we had 1.3 million stock
 options outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of
 9.24 per share. As of December 31, 2008, 1.2 million
 stock options were exercisable at a weighted average exercise
 price of 8.23 per share. As of December 31, 2008, the
 intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding and stock
 options exercisable was 10.9 million, based on a market
 price of 15.87 for our common stock at December 31, 2008.

F-23

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table summarizes stock option activity for the
 years ended December 31,

2008 

2007 

2006 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Number 

Average 

Number 

Average 

Number 

Average 

of Shares 

Exercise 

of Shares 

Exercise 

of Shares 

Exercise 

(000s) 

Price 

(000s) 

Price 

(000s) 

Price 

Options outstanding at beginning of year

1,679

10.10

1,917

9.13

2,395

8.21

Granted

10

16.68

109

18.86

82

19.73

Exercised

(221

5.33

(310

6.02

(520

6.03

Forfeited or exchanged

(139

26.39

(37

21.32

(40

16.25

Options outstanding at end of year

1,329

9.24

1,679

10.10

1,917

9.13

Options exercisable at end of year

1,212

8.23

1,492

8.87

1,737

8.03

The following table summarizes information regarding stock
 options outstanding:

December 31, 2008 

December 31, 2007 

Weighted 

Remaining 

Weighted 

Remaining 

Outstanding 

Average 

Exercise 

Outstanding 

Average 

Exercise 

Shares 

Exercise 

Period 

Shares 

Exercise 

Period 

Range of Exercise Prices 

(000s) 

Price 

(Years) 

(000s) 

Price 

(Years) 

0.00 to 3.74

183

3.68

2.6

199

3.68

3.7

3.75 to 4.99

482

3.94

1.7

614

3.94

2.5

5.00 to 9.99

292

6.09

3.7

355

6.17

4.6

10.00 to 19.99

217

18.53

4.0

245

18.46

4.9

20.00 and above

155

25.22

1.8

266

26.65

2.0

Total

1,329

9.24

2.6

1,679

10.10

3.4

The following table summarizes information regarding stock
 options exercisable at December 31, 2008:

Weighted 

Remaining 

Outstanding 

Average 

Exercise 

Shares 

Exercise 

Period 

Range of Exercise Prices 

(000s) 

Price 

(Years) 

0.00 to 3.74

183

3.68

2.6

3.75 to 4.99

482

3.94

1.7

5.00 to 9.99

292

6.09

3.7

10.00 to 19.99

111

18.06

3.8

20.00 and above

144

25.18

1.8

Total

1,212

8.23

2.5

F-24

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table summarizes the information regarding stock
 options outstanding by each plan as of December 31, 2008:

Shares 

Remaining 

Weighted 

Available 

Outstanding 

Average 

for Future 

Shares 

Exercise 

Issuances 

Plan Category 

(000s) 

Price 

(000s) 

Long-Term Incentive Plan

1,215

8.95

3,666

Supplemental Equity Incentive Plan

114

12.30

217

Total

1,329

9.24

3,883

Shares issued from our long-term incentive plan are new shares,
 and shares issued from our supplemental equity incentive plan
 are issued from treasury.

Stock
 Options Grants 

For purposes of calculating compensation cost under
 SFAS No. 123R, the fair value of each option grant is
 estimated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton
 option-pricing model. The weighted average fair value of options
 granted and the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton
 option pricing model were as follows:

2008 

2007 

2006 

Fair value of options granted

8.69

10.00

10.52

Expected volatility

60

61

64

Risk free interest rate

2.9

4.7

4.3

Forfeiture rate

0

0

0

Dividend yield

0

0

0

Contractual or expected lives (years)

4.5

4.5

4.2

We estimated a zero forfeiture rate for these stock option
 grants as the awards have short vesting terms or have a low
 probability of forfeiture based on recipient.

Share-based
 Compensation Expense 

Share-based compensation expense is recorded for restricted
 stock awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting term
 based on the fair value at grant date. The agreements for
 certain restricted stock awards outstanding at December 31,
 2008 contain provisions that allow for an acceleration of
 vesting if we achieve a certain level of financial performance.
 Accordingly, we may accelerate the unamortized compensation
 expense related to those awards and, therefore, we may
 experience variations in share-based compensation expense from
 period to period.

In addition, share-based compensation expense is recorded for
 certain stock options subject to SFAS 123(R) accounting
 recognition and certain stock options that are subject to
 variable accounting treatment. As of December 31, 2008, we
 had less than 16,000 shares that were subject to variable
 accounting treatment. Compensation expense (or credit) for these
 variable accounting awards is recorded, on a cumulative basis,
 for the increase (or decrease) in our stock price above the
 grant date fair value.

F-25

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total share-based compensation expense consisted of the
 following (shown in thousands):

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Amortization of restricted stock awards

10,372

13,244

10,894

Amortization of stock option awards

697

860

1,089

Fair value adjustment for variable accounting awards

62

(130

(61

Discount given on employee stock purchase transactions through
 our Employee Stock Purchase Plan

950

1,011

909

Other share-based compensation expense

(242

425

830

Total share-based compensation expense

11,839

15,410

13,661

We estimate the number of restricted stock awards granted that
 would not vest due to employee forfeiture and accordingly record
 a reduction of compensation expense for these awards over the
 amortization period. We review our estimates of allowance for
 forfeiture on a periodic basis. During the fourth quarter 2007,
 we changed our estimate of expected forfeiture from
 5 percent to 8 percent and accordingly recorded a
 cumulative credit adjustment of 1.2 million to share-based
 compensation expense. The forfeiture rate did not change
 materially in 2008.

Share-based compensation expense attributable to consultants was
 included in cost of services before reimbursable expenses.
 Share-based compensation expense attributable to corporate
 management and support personnel was included in general and
 administrative expenses.

The following table shows the amounts attributable to each
 category:

2008 

2007 

2006 

Cost of services

9,087

12,247

10,265

General and administrative expenses

2,752

3,163

3,396

Total share-based compensation expense

11,839

15,410

13,661

Income tax benefits recorded in the accompanying statements of
 income related to share-based compensation expense for the years
 ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 was
 5.0 million, 6.6 million, and 5.9 million,
 respectively, assuming an effective income tax rate of
 43 percent.

During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006,
 we received 6.6 million, 8.3 million, and
 9.1 million of cash from employee stock option exercises
 and employee stock purchases. Additionally, during the years
 ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, we generated
 excess tax benefits of 1.1 million, 2.4 million, and
 4.7 million, respectively, related to employee stock
 option exercises transactions.

Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan 

During 1996, we implemented an employee stock purchase plan,
 which was subsequently replaced at our annual stockholders
 meeting on May 3, 2006. At that meeting, our stockholders
 approved a new employee stock purchase plan that became
 effective on January 1, 2007. The employee stock purchase
 plan permits employees to purchase shares of our common stock
 each quarter at 85 percent of the market value. Effective
 April 1, 2009, the purchase price has changed to
 90 percent of the market value. The market value of shares
 purchased for this purpose is determined to be the closing
 market price on the last day of each calendar quarter. During
 the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, we
 issued 340,000, 410,000 and 287,000 shares, respectively,
 of our common stock related to employee stock purchases under
 that employee stock purchase plan. The plan is considered
 compensatory under SFAS 123(R) and, as such, the purchase
 discount from market price purchased by employees is recorded as
 compensation expense.

F-26

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The maximum number of shares of our common stock that can be
 issued under the employee stock purchase plan is
 2.5 million shares, subject to certain adjustments. The
 employee stock purchase plan will expire on the date that all of
 the shares available under it are issued to employees.

9. 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 

Accounts
 Receivable 

The components of accounts receivable as of December 31 were as
 follows (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Billed amounts

142,503

150,792

Engagements in process

49,319

51,498

Allowance for uncollectible accounts

(21,358

(12,674

170,464

189,616

Receivables attributable to engagements in process represent
 balances for services that have been performed and earned but
 have not been billed to the client. Billings are generally done
 on a monthly basis for the prior month s services. We
 provide services to and have receivables due from many financial
 and insurance clients in all four of our segments. The increase
 in the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable during 2008
 was attributable primarily to the impact of recent disruptions
 in the financial markets, including bankruptcies. The increase
 in the allowance for doubtful accounts over prior periods
 reflects primarily management s view of the likelihood of
 collection of receivables due from certain of our financial
 industry clients, as well as the impact of the financial market
 disruptions on a broad range of clients. Our allowance for
 doubtful accounts receivable is based on historical experience
 and management judgment and may change based on market
 conditions or specific client circumstances.

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

The components of prepaid expenses and other current assets as
 of December 31 were as follows (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Notes receivable current

4,595

Other prepaid expenses and other current assets

8,860

11,827

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

13,455

11,827

Other
 assets 

The components of other assets as of December 31 were as follows
 (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Notes receivable non-current

13,905

Prepaid expenses and other non-current assets

3,624

6,928

Other assets

17,529

6,928

During 2008, we issued unsecured forgivable loans with terms of
 four to five years aggregating 21.6 million to certain
 senior consultants. The loans were issued to retain and motivate
 highly-skilled professionals. The principal amount and accrued
 interest is expected to be forgiven by us over the term of the
 loans, so long as the professionals continue employment and
 comply with certain contractual requirements.

F-27

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Certain events such as death or disability, termination by us
 for cause or voluntarily by the employee will result in earlier
 repayment of any unforgiven loan amounts. The expense associated
 with the forgiveness of the principal amount of the loan is
 recorded as compensation expense over the service period, which
 is consistent with the term of the loans. The accrued interest
 is calculated based on the loan s effective interest rate
 (approximately 5.25 percent per year) and is recorded as
 interest income. The forgiveness of such accrued interest is
 recorded as compensation expense, which aggregated
 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2008.

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment as of December 31 consisted of (shown in
 thousands):

2008 

2007 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

49,668

52,994

Software

24,056

20,754

Leasehold improvements

40,159

39,510

113,883

113,258

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization

(68,732

(58,571

Property and equipment, net

45,151

54,687

Other
 Current Liabilities 

The components of other current liabilities as of December 31
 were as follows (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Deferred business acquisition obligations

10,899

5,132

Deferred revenue

13,685

16,521

Deferred rent

2,470

2,136

Commitments on abandoned real estate (see Note 13)

1,112

3,445

Other liabilities

3,301

5,315

31,467

32,549

The deferred business acquisition obligations of
 10.9 million at December 31, 2008 consisted of cash
 obligations and fixed monetary obligations payable in shares of
 our common stock. As of December 31, 2008, we were
 obligated to issue shares of common stock amounting to
 7.2 million. The number of shares to be issued is based on
 the trading price of our common stock for a period of time prior
 to the issuance dates. The deferred business acquisition
 obligations of 5.1 million at December 31, 2007
 consisted of cash obligations and fixed monetary obligations
 payable in shares of our common stock. The liability for
 deferred business acquisition obligations has been discounted to
 net present value.

The current portion of deferred rent relates to rent allowances
 and incentives on lease arrangements for our office facilities
 that expire at various dates through 2017. The expected sublease
 income is subject to market conditions and may be adjusted in
 future periods as necessary.

Deferred revenue represents advance billings to our clients, for
 services that have not been performed and earned.

F-28

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other
 Non-Current Liabilities 

The components of other non-current liabilities as of December
 31 were as follows (shown in thousands):

2008 

2007 

Deferred business acquisition obligations

11,277

465

Deferred rent long-term

9,995

10,873

Commitments on abandoned real estate (see Note 13)

2,884

1,767

Interest rate swap liability (see Note 11)

9,585

6,030

Other non-current liabilities

3,595

820

37,336

19,955

The deferred business acquisition obligations of
 11.3 million at December 31, 2008 consisted primarily
 of fixed monetary obligations payable in shares of our common
 stock. The liability amounts for deferred business acquisition
 obligations have been discounted to net present value. Included
 in the 11.3 million balance were obligations totaling
 10.4 million as of December 31, 2008, which will be
 settled by the issuances of shares of our common stock. The
 number of shares to be issued will be based on the trading price
 of our common stock for a period of time prior to the issuance
 dates. The long-term portion of deferred rent is primarily rent
 allowances and incentives related to leasehold improvements on
 lease arrangements for our office facilities that expire at
 various dates through 2017.

Notes
 Payable Current and Non-Current 

As of December 31, 2008, as part of the purchase price
 agreements for acquired businesses, we recorded
 4.2 million in current notes payable. The notes bear
 interest at annual interest rates of 5.7 percent to
 7.2 percent. As of December 31, 2008, there was no
 accrued interest on the notes payable.

Current notes payable were as follows (shown in thousands) as of
 December 31,

2008 

2007 

Note related to the HP3 acquisition

1,000

Note related to the Abros acquisition

362

499

Note related to the Troika acquisition

3,811

4,849

Total current notes payable

4,173

6,348

Non-current notes payable were as follows (shown in thousands)
 as of December 31,

2008 

2007 

Note related to the Abros acquisition

499

Note related to the Troika acquisition

4,849

Total non-current notes payable

5,348

10. 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

2008
 Non-Cash Transactions 

During the year ended December 31, 2008, as part of the
 purchase price agreements for acquired businesses during the
 year, we entered into commitments totaling 1.9 million of
 deferred cash payments and

F-29

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

21.0 million of deferred stock issuances. We also entered
 into software license commitments for 2.5 million related
 to a future enterprise resource planning system.

2007
 Non-Cash Transactions 

During the year ended December 31, 2007, as part of the
 purchase price agreements for acquired businesses during the
 year, we entered into commitments totaling 3.1 million of
 deferred cash payments, 1.0 million of deferred stock
 issuances and 10.8 million of notes payable.

2006
 Non-Cash Transactions 

During the year ended December 31, 2006, as part of the
 purchase price agreements for acquired businesses during the
 year, we entered into commitments totaling 1.9 million of
 deferred cash payments, 1.7 million of deferred stock
 issuances and 6.3 million of notes payable.

Other
 Information 

Total interest paid during the years ended December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006 was 19.7 million, 14.0 million
 and 4.3 million, respectively. Total income taxes paid
 during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006
 were 32.9 million, 27.3 million, and
 35.4 million, respectively.

11. 

COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME 

Comprehensive income, which consists of net income, foreign
 currency translation adjustments and unrealized gain or loss on
 our interest rate swap agreement, was as follows (shown in
 thousands) for the year ended December 31,

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net income

40,057

33,396

52,974

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(33,321

6,391

3,242

Unrealized net loss on interest rate derivative, net of income
 tax benefits

(1,968

(3,467

Comprehensive income

4,768

36,320

56,216

On July 2, 2007, we entered into an interest rate swap
 agreement with a bank for a notional value of
 165.0 million through June 30, 2010. This agreement
 effectively fixed our LIBOR base rate for 165.0 million of
 our indebtedness at a rate of 5.30 during this period. We
 expect the interest rate derivative to be highly effective
 against changes in cash flows related to changes in interest
 rates and have recorded the derivative as a hedge. As a result,
 gains or losses related to fluctuations in fair value of the
 interest rate derivative are recorded as a component of
 accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified into
 interest expense as the variable interest expense on our
 indebtedness is recorded. There was no ineffectiveness related
 to this hedge for the years ended December 31, 2008 and
 2007. As of December 31, 2008, we have a 9.6 million
 liability related to this interest rate derivative and recorded
 a 2.0 million unrealized loss, which is net of a tax
 benefit of 1.6 million, to accumulated other comprehensive
 income for the year ended December 31, 2008. As of
 December 31, 2008, accumulated other comprehensive income
 is comprised of foreign currency translation loss of
 23.8 million and unrealized net loss on interest rate
 derivative of 5.4 million. As of December 31, 2007,
 accumulated comprehensive income is comprised of foreign
 currency translation gains of 9.5 million and unrealized
 net loss on interest rate derivative of 3.5 million.

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements SFAS 157 ).
 SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for
 measuring fair value in accordance with accounting

F-30

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

principles generally accepted in the United States, and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. We adopted
 SFAS 157 during the first quarter of 2008 and the
 implementation did not have a material impact on our financial
 condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We have
 deferred the adoption of SFAS 157 with respect to
 non-financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the
 provisions of FSP
 FAS 157-2, 
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157. Such
 non-financial assets and liabilities include goodwill, and
 intangible assets with indefinite lives.

SFAS 157 defines fair value as the price that would be
 received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
 orderly transaction between market participants at the
 measurement date (exit price). SFAS 157 classifies the
 inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy:

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active
 markets for identical assets or liabilities

Level 2 Unadjusted quoted prices in active
 markets for similar assets or liabilities, or unadjusted quoted
 prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
 that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are
 observable for the asset or liability

Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or
 liability

We endeavor to utilize the best available information in
 measuring fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are
 classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input
 that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our interest
 rate swap liability was valued using counterparty quotations in
 over-the counter markets. In addition, we incorporate credit
 valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own
 nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s
 nonperformance risk. The credit valuation adjustments associated
 with our derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as
 estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood
 of default by ourselves and our counterparties. However, as of
 December 31, 2008, we have assessed the significance of the
 impact on the overall valuation and believe that these
 adjustments are not significant. As such, our derivative
 instrument is classified within level 2.

12. 

CURRENT
 AND LONG TERM BANK DEBT 

On May 31, 2007, we amended and restated our bank borrowing
 credit agreement (the Credit Agreement to increase
 our revolving line of credit capacity from 200.0 million
 to 275.0 million (the Revolving Credit
 Facility and to obtain a 225.0 million unsecured
 term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility ). We have
 the option to increase the Revolving Credit Facility up to
 375.0 million. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit
 Facility are payable in May 2012. The Credit Agreement provides
 for borrowings in multiple currencies including US Dollars,
 Canadian Dollars, UK Pound Sterling and Euro.

At our option, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
 and the Term Loan Facility bear interest, in general, based at a
 variable rate equal to applicable base rate or LIBOR, in each
 case plus an applicable margin. For LIBOR loans, the applicable
 margin will vary depending upon our consolidated leverage ratio
 (the ratio of total funded debt to adjusted EBITDA) and whether
 the loan is made under the Term Loan Facility or Revolving
 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2008 the applicable
 margins on LIBOR loans under the Term Loan Facility and
 Revolving Credit Facility were 1.25 and 1.0 , respectively. As
 of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the applicable margins for
 base rate loans under the Term Loan Facility and Revolving
 Credit Facility were 0.25 and zero, respectively. For LIBOR
 loans, the applicable margin will vary between 0.50 to 1.75 
 depending upon our performance and financial condition. For the
 years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, our average
 borrowing rate under the Credit Agreement (including the impact
 of our interest rate swap agreement) was 6.5 and 6.6 ,
 respectively.

The Credit Agreement also includes certain financial covenants,
 including covenants that require us to maintain a consolidated
 leverage ratio of not greater than 3.25:1 and a consolidated
 fixed charge coverage ratio (the ratio of the sum of adjusted
 EBITDA and rental expense to the sum of cash interest expense
 and

F-31

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

rental expense) not less than 2.0:1. At December 31, 2008,
 under the definitions in the Credit Agreement, our consolidated
 leverage ratio was 1.8 and our consolidated fixed charge
 coverage ratio was 3.8. In addition to the financial covenants,
 the Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative
 covenants and is subject to customary exceptions. These
 covenants will limit our ability to incur liens or other
 encumbrances or make investments, incur indebtedness, enter into
 mergers, consolidations and asset sales, pay dividends or other
 distributions, change the nature of our business and engage in
 transactions with affiliates. We were in compliance with the
 terms of the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2008 and
 2007. As of December 31, 2008 we had 256.7 million
 available to borrow under our Credit Agreement.

As of December 31, 2008, we had aggregate borrowings of
 232.5 million compared to 256.6 million as of
 December 31, 2007. We had 221.6 million outstanding
 under the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2008.
 Included in the aggregate borrowings, we had 10.9 million
 and 32.7 million at December 31, 2008 and
 December 31, 2007, respectively, of UK Pounds Sterling
 borrowings under our line of credit. Such amounts are used to
 fund our operations in the United Kingdom. The table below lists
 the maturities of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2008.

Amount 

2009

2,250

2010

12,375

2011

22,500

2012, through May 31

195,354

Total

232,479

We used the cash proceeds from the Term Loan Facility to fund
 operations and repurchase shares of our common stock (see
 Note 7).

13. 

OTHER
 OPERATING COSTS 

Other operating costs for the years ended December 31,
 2008, 2007 and 2006 consisted of the following (shown in
 thousands):

2008 

2007 

2006 

Separation costs and severance

7,288

Adjustments to office closures obligations, discounted and net
 of expected sublease income

2,173

3,346

Write down of leasehold improvements

500

3,404

Gain on sale of property

(2,201

Accelerated depreciation on leasehold improvements due to
 expected office closures

2,534

Litigation charge

7,400

Other operating costs

5,207

11,837

7,400

During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded
 5.2 million of office closure related costs, which
 consisted of adjustments to office closure obligations, the
 write down of leasehold improvements and accelerated
 depreciation on leasehold improvements in offices to be
 abandoned.

During the third and fourth quarters of 2007, we began to
 eliminate duplicate facilities and consolidate and close certain
 offices. We recorded 6.8 million of expense associated
 with the office closings and excess space reductions completed
 during 2007. The expense consisted of rent obligations through
 March 2017 for

F-32

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

the offices, net of expected sublease income, and approximately
 3.4 million write down of leasehold improvements
 reflecting their estimated fair value.

We continue to monitor our estimates for office closure
 obligations and related expected sublease income. Such estimates
 are subject to market conditions and may be adjusted in future
 periods as necessary. During 2008, as a result of an assessment
 of our real estate needs subsequent to the acquisition of
 Chicago Partners, we decided to reoccupy a portion of certain
 property in Chicago, Illinois that had previously been
 abandoned. The impact of this change in estimate did not have a
 material impact on the financial statements. Of the
 4.0 million liability recorded at December 31, 2008,
 we expect to pay 1.1 million in cash relating to these
 obligations during the next twelve months. The office closure
 obligations have been discounted to net present value.

We expect to record additional restructuring charges for real
 estate lease terminations as other initiatives are completed
 throughout 2009 including the relocation of our New York office
 that is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2009 and
 result in office closure related costs of 3.0 to
 4.0 million.

On September 28, 2007, we sold the property where our
 principal executive office was located for an aggregate gross
 purchase price of 4.5 million and recorded a
 2.2 million gain on the sale of property.

During 2007, we recorded 7.3 million in separation and
 severance costs in connection with a plan to restructure our
 operations as part of a cost savings initiative. The
 restructuring of our operations included involuntary
 professional consulting and administrative staff headcount
 reductions. We offered severance packages to approximately 160
 consulting and administrative employees to reduce the capacity
 of our underperforming practices and to reduce the headcount of
 our administrative support staff.

The current and non-current liability activity related to the
 above are as follows:

Office 

Space 

Workforce 

Reductions 

Reductions 

Charges to operations during the year ended December 31,
 2007

6,750

7,288

Utilized during the year ended December 31, 2007

(1,538

(6,089

Balance at December 31, 2007

5,212

1,199

Charges to operations during the year ended December 31,
 2008

2,673

Utilized during the year ended December 31, 2008

(3,889

(1,199

Balance at December 31, 2008

3,996

During the quarter ended September 30, 2006, we recorded a
 litigation charge of 9.3 million related to our dispute
 with City of Vernon, California. We subsequently settled the
 dispute during the fourth quarter of 2006 for 7.4 million.

Office space reduction is not allocated to our individual
 business segments. Had we allocated cumulative amounts relating
 to workforce reduction costs recorded in 2007 to our segments,
 we would have recorded 2.6 million to our North American
 Dispute and Investigative Services segment, 2.9 million to
 our North American Business Consulting Services segment,
 zero to our International Consulting Operations segment, and
 zero to our Economic Consulting Services segment.

14. 

LEASE
 COMMITMENTS 

We lease office facilities under operating lease arrangements
 that expire at various dates through 2017. We lease office
 facilities under non-cancelable operating leases that include
 fixed or minimum payments plus, in some cases, scheduled base
 rent increases over the terms of the leases and additional rents
 based on the

F-33

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Consumer Price Index. Certain leases provide for monthly
 payments of real estate taxes, insurance and other operating
 expenses applicable to the property. Some of our leases contain
 renewal provisions.

Future minimum annual lease payments for the years subsequent to
 December 31, 2008 and in the aggregate are as follows
 (shown in thousands):

Year Ending December 31, 

Amount 

2009

28,227

2010

25,426

2011

21,528

2012

16,152

2013

12,158

Thereafter

24,327

127,818

During 2007, we began to eliminate duplicate facilities,
 consolidate and close certain offices. Of the
 127.8 million lease commitments as of December 31,
 2008, 14.3 million of the lease commitments relate to
 offices we have abandoned or reduced excess space within, which
 are available for sublease. Such sublease income, if any, would
 offset the cash outlays. The lease commitments extend through
 2017. We intend to secure subtenants for these leases to offset
 the rent payments and will seek to exercise termination clauses,
 if any, to shorten the term of the lease commitments.

Rent expense for operating leases was 25.6 million,
 25.8 million and 25.6 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

15. 

INCOME
 TAXES 

Income tax expense, shown in thousands, consists of the
 following:

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Federal:

Current

23,548

19,122

27,290

Deferred

(1,093

1,930

3,322

Total

22,455

21,052

30,612

State:

Current

6,002

4,946

6,850

Deferred

(279

493

847

Total

5,723

5,439

7,697

Foreign:

Current

4,706

2,056

2,802

Deferred

(3,089

(3,405

(725

Total

1,617

(1,349

2,077

Total federal, state and foreign income tax expense

29,795

25,142

40,386

F-34

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Income tax expense differs from the amounts estimated by
 applying the statutory income tax rates to income before income
 taxes as follows:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Federal tax expense at the statutory rate

35.0

35.0

35.0

State tax expense at the statutory rate, net of federal tax
 benefits

5.3

6.0

5.5

Foreign taxes

0.8

0.5

1.4

Effect of non-deductible meals and entertainment expense

1.2

1.3

0.7

Effect of enacted tax rate changes

(1.3

Effect of other transactions, net

0.4

1.5

0.7

42.7

43.0

43.3

The excess tax benefits associated with restricted stock,
 nonqualified stock options and disqualifying dispositions of
 incentive stock options reduced taxes payable by
 0.6 million, 1.6 million, and 4.3 million in
 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Such benefits were recorded
 as an increase to additional paid-in capital in each year.

Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between
 years in the recognition of certain expense items for income tax
 and financial reporting purposes. The source and income tax
 effects of these differences (shown in thousands) are as follows:

December 31, 

2008 

2007 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) attributable to:

Allowance for uncollectible receivables

8,558

5,184

Deferred revenue

3,330

3,648

Accrued compensation

5,151

3,556

Interest rate derivative

4,150

2,563

Depreciation and amortization

1,850

1,199

Share-based compensation

4,977

4,791

Forgiveable loans

1,318

Tax credits and capital loss carry forward

396

130

Other

1,028

1,336

Deferred tax assets

30,758

22,407

Acquisition costs domestic acquisitions

(29,907

(23,183

Acquisition costs foreign acquisitions

(7,427

(12,637

Change in accounting method

(441

(883

Deferred tax liabilities

(37,775

(36,703

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

(7,017

(14,296

During 2008 and 2007, we increased our valuation allowance by
 approximately 274,000 and 477,000 related to certain foreign
 operating loss carry forwards. We have not recorded a valuation
 allowance against any of our other deferred tax assets, because
 we believe it is more likely than not that such deferred tax
 assets are recoverable from future results of operations. During
 2006, we recorded a valuation allowance of approximately
 500,000 related to certain capital loss carry forwards that
 expired as of December 31, 2006.

F-35

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

We do not provide for U.S. federal income and foreign
 withholding taxes on the portion of undistributed earnings of
 foreign subsidiaries that are intended to be permanently
 reinvested. The cumulative amount of such undistributed earnings
 totaled approximately 18.8 million as of December 31,
 2008. These earnings would become taxable in the United States
 upon the sale or liquidation of these foreign subsidiaries or
 upon the remittance of dividends. It is not practicable to
 estimate the amount of the deferred tax liability on such
 earnings.

Adoption
 of FASB Interpretation No. 48 

We adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
 interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 
 FIN 48 on January 1, 2007. This
 interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
 income taxes recognized in an entity s financial statements
 in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for
 Income Taxes. It prescribes a recognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for financial statement disclosure of tax
 positions taken or expected to be taken. This interpretation
 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
 interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, and
 disclosures. The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material
 impact on our financial statements. A reconciliation of the
 beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
 follows:

Amount 

(In thousands) 

Balance at January 1, 2008

1,079

Additions based on tax positions of the current year

Additions based on tax positions of prior years

97

Reductions based on tax positions of prior years

(681

Settlements

323

Balance at December 31, 2008

818

Included in the balance at December 31, 2008 were
 0.1 million of tax positions for which the ultimate
 deductibility is highly certain but for which there is
 uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. Because of
 the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and
 penalties, the disallowance of the shorter deductibility period
 would not affect the annual effective tax rate, but would
 accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing authority to an
 earlier period. We recognize interest accrued related to
 unrecognized tax benefits and penalties in income tax expense
 which were not material in 2008, 2007 and 2006.

Included in the balance at December 31, 2008 were
 0.7 million of tax positions for which the ultimate
 deductibility is uncertain and so we did not recognize any
 income tax benefit for financial accounting purposes. We believe
 that only a specific resolution of the matters with the taxing
 authorities or the expiration of the statute of limitations
 would provide sufficient evidence for management to conclude
 that the deductibility is more likely than not sustainable.

We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income
 tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has
 substantially concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters
 for years through 2003. Substantially all material state and
 local and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for
 years through 2003. U.S. federal income tax returns for
 2004 through 2007 are currently open for examination. As of
 December 31, 2008 there is no current examination of the
 federal tax returns by the IRS.

16. 

EMPLOYEE
 BENEFIT PLANS 

We have a 401k plan and match an amount equal to
 100 percent of the employee s current contributions,
 up to a maximum of 3 percent of the employee s total
 eligible compensation and limited to 5,100 per participant per
 year. We, as sponsor of the plan, use independent third parties
 to provide administrative

F-36

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

services to the plan. We have the right to terminate the plans
 at any time. Our contributions were 6.0 million,
 6.0 million and 5.6 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

We have other retirement plans for our foreign
 subsidiaries participants. During the year ended
 December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, we paid
 4.4 million, 2.8 million and 1.3 million,
 respectively for retirement savings related plans.

17. 

RELATED
 PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

We lease office space from Equity Office Properties. William M.
 Goodyear was a trustee on the board of trustees at Equity Office
 Properties. Mr. Goodyear resigned as a trustee of Equity
 Office Properties during February 2007. During the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, we paid 2.8 million and
 2.5 million, respectively, to Equity Office Properties in
 connection with such space. These leases were executed at market
 terms.

18. 

LITIGATION
 AND SETTLEMENTS 

On November 28, 2006, we reached an agreement with the City
 of Vernon, California to settle for 7.4 million all claims
 related to an arbitrator s interim award against us in an
 arbitration proceeding relating to a dispute with the City. The
 dispute related to certain electric distribution maintenance
 services that we provided to the City prior to November 30,
 2003. Since then, we no longer provide electric distribution
 maintenance services. During 2006, we paid the 7.4 million
 settlement and recorded such payment as a litigation charge.

From time to time, we are party to various other lawsuits and
 claims in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of
 those lawsuits or claims cannot be predicted with certainty,
 except as otherwise described above, we do not believe that any
 of those additional lawsuits or claims will have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
 operations.

F-37

SCHEDULE II 

NAVIGANT
 CONSULTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 Years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

Balance at 

Balance at 

Beginning of 

Charged to 

End of 

Description 

Year 

Expenses 

Deductions(1) 

Year 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2008

Allowance for doubtful accounts

12,674

20,292

(11,608

21,358

Year ended December 31, 2007

Allowance for doubtful accounts

11,970

9,518

(8,814

12,674

Year ended December 31, 2006

Allowance for doubtful accounts

10,586

10,015

(8,631

11,970

(1) 

Represents write-offs. 

See accompanying report of independent registered public
 accounting firm.

S-1

<EX-21.1>
 2
 c49325exv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 

Significant
 Subsidiaries of Navigant Consulting, Inc. 

Jurisdiction of 

Name 

Incorporation 

Doing Business as 

Peterson Consulting, LLC

Illinois

Navigant Consulting, Inc.

Navigant Consulting (Europe) Ltd. 

United Kingdom

Navigant Consulting Europe

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 c49325exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors

Navigant Consulting, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration
 statements on
 Form S-8 
 (Nos.
 333-81680, 
 333-30267, 
 333-103405, 
 333-127988, 
 333-135022 
 and
 333-141256) 
 of Navigant Consulting, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) of
 our reports dated February 25, 2009 relating to the
 consolidated balance sheets of Navigant Consulting, Inc. and
 subsidiaries as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the
 related consolidated statements of income, stockholders 
 equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
 period ended December 31, 2008, the related financial
 statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control
 over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, which
 reports appear in the December 31, 2008 annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Navigant Consulting, Inc.

/s/ KPMG
 LLP

KPMG LLP

Chicago, Illinois

February 25, 2009

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 c49325exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, William M. Goodyear, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Navigant Consulting, Inc., the registrant;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
 fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly
 present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
 and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
 are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f)) 
 for the registrant and have:

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
 under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
 being prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
 our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
 the design or operation of internal control over financial
 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ WILLIAM
 M. GOODYEAR

WILLIAM M. GOODYEAR

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

February 25, 2009

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 c49325exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas A. Nardi, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Navigant Consulting, Inc., the registrant;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
 fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly
 present, in all material respects, the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
 and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
 are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f)) 
 for the registrant and have:

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
 under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
 being prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
 our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
 the design or operation of internal control over financial
 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ THOMAS
 A. NARDI

Thomas A. Nardi

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

February 25, 2009

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 c49325exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted by Section 906
 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Each of the undersigned, William M. Goodyear, Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (the
 Company and Thomas A. Nardi, Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, has
 executed this certification in connection with the filing with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 (the
 Report ).

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

/s/ WILLIAM
 M. GOODYEAR

William M. Goodyear

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

February 25, 2009

/s/ THOMAS
 A. NARDI

Thomas A. Nardi

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

February 25, 2009

</EX-32.1>

