<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100312_10-K_edgar_data_864233_0000864233-10-000002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2988067</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>395898</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>22694</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2370186</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000864233-10-000002.hdr.sgml : 20100312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100311190525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000864233-10-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091227
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			O CHARLEYS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000864233
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				621192475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18629
		FILM NUMBER:		10675434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3038 SIDCO DR
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6152568500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3038 SIDEO DR
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BHe59WfNleXfi91hcXBJX2SMzeueeWLBpC9rq8oHjWRB+w/7odQkdmy0YH/quB5R
 CiMtB9Ep2xbDIYvXsDReCg==

 0000864233-10-000002.txt : 20100312

10-K
 1
 form10-k2009.htm
 O'CHARLEY'S INC. FORM 10-K

form10-k2009.htm 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

x 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 27, 2009 

Commission file number 0-18629 

 O CHARLEY S INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Tennessee 

62-1192475 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 

Identification No.) 

3038 Sidco Drive 

Nashville, Tennessee 

37204 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code : 

(615) 256-8500 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Common Stock, no par 

Series A Junior Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

(Title of Each Class) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

NASDAQ Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes o No o 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large
accelerated filer o Accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately 141.9 million. For purposes of this calculation, shares held by non-affiliates excludes only those shares beneficially owned
by officers, directors and shareholders beneficially owning 10 or more of the outstanding common stock. 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding on February 25, 2010 was 21,596,927. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part of Form 10-K 

Documents from which portions are 

 incorporated by reference 

Part III 

Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 12, 2010 

INDEX 

PART I 

3 

Item 1. Business 

3 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

11 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

16 

Item 2. Properties 

16 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

17 

Item 4. (Removed and Reserved) 

17 

PART II 

17 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

17 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

20 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

22 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

38 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

39 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

73 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

73 

Item 9B. Other Information 

75 

PART III 

75 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

75 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

75 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

75 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

75 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

75 

PART IV 

76 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

76 

SIGNATURES 

80 

EX-10.2 AMENDMENT TO CHUX OWNERSHIP PLAN 

EX-10.27 SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 

EX-10.28 O CHARLEY S INC. DEFERRED COMPANSATION PLAN 

EX-21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

EX-23 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP 

EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO 

EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO 

EX-32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO 

EX-32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO 

2 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

We are a multi-concept restaurant company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. We own and operate three restaurant concepts under the O Charley s, Ninety Nine and Stoney River Legendary Steaks trade names. As of December 27, 2009, we operated 235 O Charley s company-owned
restaurants in 17 states in the East, Southeast and Midwest, 116 Ninety Nine restaurants in nine states throughout New England and the Mid-Atlantic, and 11 Stoney River restaurants in six states in the East, Southeast and Midwest. As of December 27, 2009, we had ten franchised O Charley s restaurants in five states in the East and Southeast. 

The following description of our business should be read in conjunction with the information in Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Our Restaurant Concepts 

O Charley s 

We acquired the original O Charley s restaurant in Nashville, Tennessee in May 1984. O Charley s is a casual dining restaurant concept whose strategy is to differentiate its restaurants by serving high-quality, freshly prepared food at moderate prices and with attentive guest service. O Charley s restaurants
are intended to appeal to a broad spectrum of guests from a diverse income base, including mid-scale, upscale and value oriented guests. The O Charley s menu is mainstream, but innovative and distinctive in taste. The O Charley s menu features a variety of items, including USDA Choice hand-cut and aged steaks, baby-back ribs basted with our own tangy BBQ sauce, fresh salmon, a variety of seafood, salads with special recipe salad dressings and O Charley s signature caramel pie.
All entr es are cooked to order and feature a selection of side items in addition to our hot, freshly baked yeast rolls. We believe the large number of freshly prepared items on the O Charley s menu helps differentiate our O Charley s concept from other casual dining restaurants. 

O Charley s restaurants are open seven days a week and serve lunch, dinner and weekend brunch and offer full bar service. Specialty menu items include limited time only promotions, O Charley s lunch combos and a special kids menu. We are continually developing new menu items for our O Charley s
restaurants to respond to changing guest tastes and preferences. Lunch entr es start at 5.99, with dinner entr es ranging from 7.49 to 17.99. The average check per guest, including beverages, was 12.85 in 2009, 12.99 in 2008, and 12.65 in 2007. 

We seek to create a casual, neighborhood atmosphere in our O Charley s restaurants through an open layout and by tailoring the decor of our restaurants to the local community. The interior typically is open, casual and well lighted. Additionally, the interior features warm woods, exposed brick and hand-painted murals depicting
local history, people, places and events. The prototypical O Charley s restaurant is a free-standing building of approximately 6,000 square feet with seating for approximately 225 guests, including approximately 17 bar seats. 

Historically, we have grown the O Charley s concept through opening new restaurants. As part of our strategic planning process, our focus on improving results in existing restaurants, and the current economic environment, we did not open any new company-owned restaurants during 2009; however, three former joint venture restaurants
were acquired during fiscal 2009. In 2010, we do not plan to open any company-owned restaurants. Our re-branding initiative in the recent past focused on our overall brand design to enhance the guest experience, as well as improve our profitability. Re-brandings included the remodeling and re-imaging of the restaurants, staff training, and the introduction of new service standards, plateware and uniforms. During 2009 we did not re-brand any O Charley s restaurants; however we
did introduce the new service standards, plateware, and uniforms throughout the O Charley s brand. As of December 27, 2009, we have re-branded a total of 62 O Charley s restaurants since the inception of this initiative. 

Ninety Nine 

In January 2003, we acquired Ninety Nine Restaurants Ninety Nine ), a Woburn, Massachusetts-based casual dining concept that began in 1952 with its initial location at 99 State Street in downtown Boston, Massachusetts. Ninety Nine restaurants are casual dining restaurants that we believe have earned a reputation as friendly,
comfortable places to gather and enjoy great American food and drink at a terrific price. Ninety Nine restaurants are intended to appeal to mainstream casual dining and value-oriented guests. The Ninety Nine menu features a wide selection of appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, beef, chicken and seafood entr es and desserts. Ninety Nine restaurants offer full bar service, including a wide selection of imported and domestic beers, wines and specialty drinks. 

Ninety Nine restaurants are open seven days a week and serve lunch and dinner and offer full bar service. Lunch entr es start at 5.99, with dinner entr es ranging from 7.99 to 17.99. The average check per guest, including beverages, was 14.61 in 2009, 14.97 in 2008, and 14.64 in 2007. 

3 

Ninety Nine restaurants seek to provide a warm and friendly neighborhood pub atmosphere. Signature elements of the prototypical Ninety Nine restaurant include an open view kitchen, booth seating and a centrally located rectangular bar. The prototypical Ninety Nine restaurant is a free-standing building of approximately 6,300 square feet
in size with seating for approximately 190 guests, including approximately 25 bar seats. Ninety Nine has grown through remodeling traditional and non-traditional restaurant locations as well as through developing new restaurants in the style of our prototype restaurant. We do not plan to open any new restaurants during 2010. Our re-branding initiative in the recent past focused on our overall brand design to enhance the guest experience, as well as improve our profitability. Re-brandings included the
remodeling and re-imaging of the restaurants, staff training, and the introduction of new service standards, plateware and uniforms. During 2009, we did not re-brand any Ninety Nine restaurants; however we did introduce the new service standards, plateware, and uniforms throughout the Ninety Nine brand. As of December 27, 2009 we have re-branded a total of 62 Ninety Nine restaurants. 

Stoney River Legendary Steaks 

We acquired Stoney River Legendary Steaks Stoney River in May 2000. Stoney River restaurants are steakhouses that appeal to both upscale casual-dining and fine-dining guests by offering the high-quality food and attentive guest service typical of high-end steakhouses at more moderate prices. Stoney River restaurants have
an upscale mountain lodge design with a large stone fireplace and rich woods that are intended to make the interior of the restaurant inviting and comfortable. During 2009, we began repositioning Stoney River to provide the same great guest experience with lower menu prices, new menu offerings, and a new menu format. During 2009, we reduced the prices of certain menu offerings and added new menu items to appeal to the upscale casual-dining guests. As of December 27, 2009, we began the
repositioning at all 11 Stoney River restaurants. The Stoney River menu features several offerings of premium Midwestern beef, fresh seafood and a variety of other gourmet entr es. An extensive assortment of freshly prepared salads, side dishes, several specialty appetizers and desserts are also available. Stoney River restaurants offer full bar service, including an extensive selection of wines. The dinner price range of entr es is 11.99 to 33.99. The average check per guest, including beverages,
was 41.20 in 2009, 47.72 in 2008, and 44.62 in 2007. 

Support Operations 

Supply Chain Management. Our supply chain management offers a systematic approach to managing the acquisition of goods and services that achieves the lowest total cost of ownership and matches internal customers needs with marketplace capabilities. During 2009, we
completed the sale of our distribution operations in Bellingham, Massachusetts and now outsource all product distribution to our Ninety Nine restaurants. This transaction concludes the outsourcing of our food preparation and distribution functions that began with our Nashville, Tennessee commissary in June 2007. The supply chain team focuses on three key areas that include strategic sourcing, quality assurance and supply chain operations. Descriptions of these functions are as follows: 

Strategic sourcing: manages and facilitates enterprise-wide sourcing activities, including the development of sourcing strategies, supplier negotiation and selection, and supplier performance management for specified expenditure areas. 

Quality assurance: designs, implements, and measures strategic programs for both quality assurance and food safety that ensures we achieve, sustain, and continue to improve best of class programs for food quality and food safety for all our concepts. 

Supply chain operations: ensures uninterrupted, timely flow of goods to our concepts, and monitors compliance with all sourcing and distribution agreements. 

We believe that our supply chain management team, as a result of these changes, is better positioned to focus upon improving the quality, cost, and delivery of our products. 

Human Resources. We maintain a human resources department that supports restaurant operations, our restaurant support center, our financial services center, and our Ninety Nine service center through the design and implementation of policies, programs, procedures and benefits for
our team members. The human resources department is responsible for all customary human resource functions, including assisting in the selection, on-boarding, benefits and team member relations, including use of the Open Door Policy, a confidential toll free 800 number, and an alternative dispute resolution process. The human resources department is also responsible for all training and development of new hourly team members and managers, as well as, new product rollouts and the continuing training
and development of the restaurant teams. 

Guest Relations. Our guests perceptions and experiences are measured through the Guest Satisfaction Index GSI ). GSI is a survey-based tool designed to measure guest satisfaction levels at each O Charley s, Ninety Nine, and Stoney River
restaurant, providing immediate feedback to all levels of the organization. Guests are issued an invitation on a random basis through our point-of-sale system to take a telephone survey or an internet survey. Primary focus is placed on identification and improvement of top box predictors of a highly satisfied guest experience. Our ability to continuously monitor service levels and satisfaction at the restaurant level, while providing guests with a convenient, brief, unbiased, and user-friendly way to share their
comments, allows us to focus on converting satisfied guests to highly satisfied or loyal guests. In addition to measuring and communicating guest satisfaction results, our guest relations team receives direct calls and written correspondence from O Charley s, Ninety Nine, and Stoney River guests, ensuring timely and accurate response to all communications. 

4 

Advertising and Marketing . We have an ongoing advertising and marketing plan for each of our restaurant concepts that utilizes television, radio, internet, outdoor and print advertising. We also support our restaurants with point of purchase materials, menus and local restaurant
marketing programs. We focus our marketing efforts on limited time promotional products, the quality and freshness of our products, the types of guests that typically visit us and the restaurant setting. We conduct or subscribe to studies of food trends, changes in guest tastes and preferences and are continually evaluating the quality of our menu offerings. In addition to advertising, we encourage restaurant level team members to become active in their communities through local charities and other
organizations and sponsorships. 

Restaurant Reporting and Back-Office Support. Our use of technology and management information systems is essential for the management oversight needed to improve our operating results. We maintain theoretical food, labor, and beverage cost systems in each of our restaurants through
which we closely monitor and control restaurant operating costs. We also maintain operational and financial controls in each restaurant, including management information systems that monitor sales, inventory, and labor and that provide reports and data to our restaurant support center. The management accounting system polls data from our restaurants and generates daily reports of sales, sales mix, guest counts, average check, cash, labor and food cost. Management utilizes this data to monitor the effectiveness
of controls and to prepare periodic financial and management reports. We also utilize these systems for financial and budgetary analysis, including analyses of sales by restaurant, product mix and labor utilization. Our internal audit department audits a sample of our restaurants to measure compliance within our operational systems, procedures and controls. Our Financial Services Center is located in Brentwood, Tennessee and has been designed to consolidate and integrate our accounting functions. In
addition, a centralized call line is available to restaurant management for questions or comments relating to their financial reports or employee benefits. We believe that consolidating the accounting function of our three concepts provides a structure that creates consistency and provides more centralized control over our accounting and financial reporting function while also promoting continuous process improvement and savings. 

Real Estate and Construction . We maintain an in-house real estate and construction department to assist in the site selection process, secure real estate, develop architectural and engineering plans, and oversee new construction and remodeling of existing restaurants. We analyze potential
sites against our site criteria in order to target the best possible locations. Once a site is selected, our real estate department oversees the acquisition process, while our construction department obtains zoning and all other required governmental approvals, develops detailed building plans and specifications and constructs and equips the restaurants. During 2009, the real estate and construction department focused on the repair and maintenance of our existing restaurants and renegotiating leases as they came
up for renewal. 

5 

Restaurant Locations 

The following table sets forth the markets in which our company-owned O Charley s, Ninety Nine and Stoney River restaurants were located at December 27, 2009, including the number of restaurants in each market. 

O Charley s Restaurants 

Alabama (21) 

Kentucky (20) 

Ohio (19) 

Birmingham (6) 

Ashland 

Cincinnati (8) 

Decatur 

Bowling Green 

Cleveland 

Dothan 

Cold Spring 

Columbus (7) 

Florence 

Danville 

Dayton (3) 

Guntersville 

Elizabethtown 

Huntsville (2) 

Florence 

South Carolina (12) 

Mobile (4) 

Frankfort 

Aiken 

Montgomery (2) 

Hopkinsville 

Anderson 

Opelika 

Lexington (4) 

Charleston (2) 

Oxford 

Louisville (5) 

Columbia (3) 

Tuscaloosa 

Owensboro 

Greenwood 

Paducah 

Rock Hill 

Arkansas (2) 

Richmond 

Simpsonville 

Jonesboro 

Spartanburg 

Rogers 

Louisiana (3) 

Summerville 

Lafayette 

Florida (6) 

Lake Charles 

Tennessee (40) 

Destin 

Monroe 

Chattanooga (2) 

Jacksonville (3) 

Clarksville (2) 

Panama City 

Mississippi (8) 

Cleveland 

Pensacola 

Gulfport 

Columbia 

Hattiesburg 

Cookeville 

Georgia (28) 

Meridian 

Dickson 

Atlanta (20) 

Olive Branch 

Jackson 

Augusta 

Pearl 

Johnson City 

Columbus 

Ridgeland 

Kingsport 

Dalton 

Southaven 

Knoxville (5) 

Ft. Oglethorpe 

Tupelo 

Manchester 

Gainesville 

Memphis (4) 

Griffin 

Missouri (10) 

Morristown 

Macon (2) 

Cape Girardeau 

Murfreesboro (2) 

Kansas City (2) 

Nashville (13) 

Illinois (5) 

St. Louis (7) 

Pigeon Forge 

Champaign 

Spring Hill 

Marion 

North Carolina (25) 

Springfield 

O Fallon 

Asheville 

Springfield (2) 

Burlington 

Virginia (12) 

Charlotte (9) 

Bristol 

Indiana (21) 

Fayetteville 

Fredericksburg 

Bloomington 

Greensboro 

Harrisonburg 

Clarksville 

Greenville 

Lynchburg 

Corydon 

Hendersonville 

Roanoke (2) 

Evansville (2) 

Hickory 

Richmond (6) 

Fort Wayne (2) 

Jacksonville 

Greenfield 

Raleigh (3) 

West Virginia (2) 

Indianapolis (11) 

Wake Forest 

Charleston (2) 

Lafayette 

Wilmington (2) 

Richmond 

Winston-Salem (2) 

Wisconsin (1) 

Grand Chute 

6 

Ninety Nine Restaurants 

Connecticut (16) 

New Hampshire (14) 

Massachusetts (61) 

Dayville 

Concord 

Auburn 

Enfield 

Dover 

Boston (36) 

Groton 

Hooksett 

Centerville 

Hartford (6) 

Keene 

Chicopee 

Manchester 

Littleton 

Fairhaven 

New Haven (2) 

Londonderry 

Fall River 

Norwich 

Manchester 

Fitchburg 

Stratford 

Nashua 

Franklin 

Torrington 

North Conway 

Greenfield 

Waterbury 

Portsmouth 

Holyoke 

Salem 

Marlboro 

Maine (5) 

Seabrook 

Mashpee 

Auburn 

Tilton 

North Attleboro 

Augusta 

West Lebanon 

North Dartmouth 

Bangor 

Pittsfield 

Portland (2) 

New York (9) 

Plymouth 

Albany (2) 

Seekonk 

Rhode Island (3) 

Clifton Park 

Springfield (4) 

Cranston 

Kingston 

Tewksbury 

Newport 

Plattsburgh 

West Yarmouth 

Westerly 

Queensbury 

Worcester (3) 

Rotterdam 

Vermont (3) 

Saratoga Springs 

Brattleboro 

Utica 

Rutland 

Williston 

Pennsylvania (4) 

Audubon 

New Jersey (1) 

Philadelphia 

Deptford 

Trevose (Bensalem) 

Warrington 

Stoney River Restaurants 

Georgia (3) 

Kentucky (1) 

Maryland (2) 

Missouri (1) 

Atlanta (3) 

Louisville 

Annapolis 

St. Louis 

Towson 

Illinois (2) 

Tennessee (2) 

Chicago (2) 

Nashville (2) 

In addition to the above company-owned locations, the table below sets forth our franchised locations as of December 27, 2009. 

Franchised Restaurants 

Florida (1) 

Michigan (4) 

Ohio (3) 

Pennsylvania (1) 

Orlando 

Belleville 

Boardman 

Erie 

Chesterfield 

Cuyahoga Falls 

Grand Rapids 

Niles 

Tennessee (1) 

Holland 

Nashville 

7 

Franchising 

We have entered into and continue to seek to enter into, exclusive multi-unit development agreements with third-party franchisees to open and operate O Charley s restaurants. Franchisees are required to comply with our specifications as to restaurant space, design and d cor, menu items, principal food ingredients, team
member training and day-to-day operations. The following table illustrates the various agreements that we have executed with our franchisees along with the contracted markets, the number of restaurants operated by each franchisee as of December 27, 2009 and the number of restaurants they are contractually required to develop and open: 

Franchise Entity 

Open 

 Restaurants 

Total 

 Restaurants 

 Contracted for 

 Development 

Markets 

O Candall Group, Inc. 

5 

50 

Tampa and Orlando Florida, Western Pennsylvania, Northwest West Virginia and Northern Ohio 

Meritage Hospitality Group, Inc. 

4 

15 

Michigan 

Delaware North Companies Travel Hospitality Services 

1 

1 

Tennessee (Nashville International Airport) 

Competition 

The restaurant industry is extremely competitive. Restaurants compete across numerous areas, including food quality, price, service quality, location, design, and attractiveness. To remain competitive, we must constantly monitor changing consumer tastes, national and regional economic conditions, the effectiveness of our advertising and
many other factors. We compete within each market with national and regional chains and locally-owned restaurants for consumers, management and hourly personnel and suitable locations. We also face growing competition from the supermarket industry, which offers convenient meals in the form of improved entr es and side dishes from the deli section. We expect intense competition to continue in these areas. 

Service Marks 

The name O Charley s and its logo, the name Stoney River Legendary Steaks, and the Ninety Nine restaurants logo are registered service marks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We also have other service marks that are registered in the states in which we operate. We are aware of names
and marks similar to our service marks used by third parties in certain geographical areas. Use of our service marks by third parties may prevent us from licensing the use of our service marks for restaurants in those areas. We intend to protect our service marks by appropriate legal action whenever we deem it appropriate and necessary. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting our business. In addition, each of our restaurants are subject to licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which may include alcoholic beverage control, health, safety, sanitation, building and fire agencies in the state or municipality
in which the restaurant is located. Most municipalities in which our restaurants are located require local business licenses. Difficulties in obtaining or failures to obtain the required licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the development of a new restaurant in a particular area. We are also subject to federal and state environmental regulations, but those regulations have not had a material effect on our operations to date. 

Approximately 11.7 percent of restaurant sales in 2009 were attributable to the sale of alcoholic beverages. Each restaurant, where permitted by local law, has appropriate licenses from regulatory authorities allowing it to sell liquor, beer and wine, and in some states or localities, to provide service for extended hours and on Sunday.
In addition, some states require, or are considering requiring, us to disclose nutritional information on our menus. Each restaurant has food service licenses from local health authorities. Similar licenses would be required for each new restaurant. The failure of a restaurant to obtain or retain liquor or food service licenses could adversely affect its operations or, in an extreme case, cause us to close the restaurant. We have established standardized procedures for our restaurants designed to assure compliance
with applicable codes and regulations. 

We are subject, in most states in which we operate restaurants, to dram-shop statutes or judicial interpretations, which generally provide a person injured by an intoxicated person the right to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated person. 

Many of our markets are seeing changes in laws regarding smoking inside of buildings. These laws can negatively affect our bar business, with ancillary effects on our dining room business. 

8 

The federal Americans with Disabilities Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in public accommodations and employment. We design our restaurants to be accessible to the disabled and believe that we are in substantial compliance with all current applicable regulations relating to restaurant accommodations for the disabled. 

The development and construction of our restaurants are subject to compliance with applicable zoning, land use and environmental regulations. Our restaurant operations are also subject to federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws governing matters such as working conditions, citizenship requirements, overtime and tip credits. In
the event a proposal is adopted that materially increases the applicable minimum wage or changes the allowable tip credit, any such changes would likely result in an increase in payroll and benefits expense. 

Seasonality 

Our sales volumes fluctuate seasonally. Our first fiscal quarter is a 16-week quarter, while our second through fourth fiscal quarters are each 12 weeks. Historically, average weekly sales per restaurant are typically higher in the first quarter than in subsequent quarters, and we typically generate a disproportionate share of our income
from operations in the first quarter. Holidays, severe weather and similar conditions may impact sales volumes seasonally in some operating regions. Because of the seasonality of our business, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 

Purchasing 

Our ability to maintain consistent quality throughout each of our restaurant brands depends upon acquiring products from reliable sources. Our pre-approved suppliers and our restaurants are required to adhere to strict product and safety specifications established through our quality assurance
and culinary programs. These requirements ensure that high quality products are served in each of our restaurants. We strategically negotiate directly with major suppliers to obtain competitive prices. We also use purchase commitment contracts when appropriate to stabilize the potentially volatile pricing associated with certain commodity items. All essential products are available from pre-qualified distributors to be delivered to any of our restaurant brands. Additionally, as a purchaser of a variety of protein
products, we do require our vendors to adhere to humane processing standards for their respective industries and encourage them to evaluate new technologies for food safety and humane processing improvements. Because of the relatively rapid turnover of perishable food products, inventories in the restaurants, consisting primarily of food, beverages and supplies, have a modest aggregate dollar value in relation to revenues. 

Team Members 

As of December 27, 2009, we employed approximately 24,000 team members, approximately 22,000 of whom represented our hourly workforce within our restaurants. None of our team members are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have an alternative dispute resolution program in which all team members are required to participate as
a condition of employment. We consider our team member relations to be good. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Our executive officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers. 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Jeffrey D. Warne 

49 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Lawrence E. Hyatt 

55 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Wilson L. Craft 

56 

Concept President-O Charley s 

John R. Grady 

57 

Concept President-Ninety Nine Restaurants 

Anthony J. Halligan III 

51 

Concept President-Stoney River Legendary Steaks 

Colin M. Daly 

38 

General Counsel, Secretary and Compliance Officer 

Michael K. Ellis 

47 

Chief Development Officer 

Lawrence D. Taylor 

52 

Chief Supply Chain Officer 

Robert F. Luz 

49 

Vice President of Human Resources 

Leon De Wet 

48 

Chief Information Officer 

R. Jeffrey Williams 

43 

Principal Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller, and Assistant Secretary 

The following is a brief summary of the business experience of each of our executive officers. 

9 

Jeffrey D. Warne has served as Chief Executive Officer and President since June 2009. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer and President, Mr. Warne served as our Concept President for O Charley s from February 2006 to June 2009. Prior to joining our company he
was with Carlson Companies, Inc., a global travel, hospitality, restaurant and marketing company. During his tenure at Carlson Companies, Inc. he served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Pick Up Stix from 2005 to 2006 and the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TGI Friday s International from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Warne s earlier experience at Carlson includes serving as Chief Financial Officer of Carlson Restaurants Worldwide from 1998 to 2002,
Vice President of Business Planning from 1994 to 1998, and Director of Corporate Audit from 1990 to 1994. 

Lawrence E. Hyatt has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since November 2004. Mr. Hyatt served as our Interim President and Chief Executive Officer from February 2009 to June 2009. Prior to joining our company, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Cole National Corporation from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Hyatt was the Chief Financial and Restructuring Officer of PSINet, Inc. from 2000 to 2002; in 2001 PSINet, Inc. and certain affiliated entities filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. Mr. Hyatt has also served at HMS Host Corporation as Chief Financial Officer from 1999 to 2000; and with Sodexho Marriott Services, Inc. and its predecessor
company as Chief Financial Officer from 1989 to 1999. 

Wilson L. Craft was named Concept President O Charley s in October 2009. Prior to joining our company, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Famous Dave s of America, an owner, operator, and franchisor of restaurants, from April 2008 to September
2008. Mr. Craft served as Executive Vice President of Operations for Longhorn Steakhouse, a casual dining restaurant company, subsequent to its acquisition by Darden Restaurants from October 2007 to April 2008. Mr. Craft served as Senior Vice President of Operations for Rare Hospitality International, Inc., an owner, operator and franchisor of restaurants from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Craft spent 21 years with Brinker International where he served as President of Chili s Grill and Bar, President of Big Bowl Asian
Kitchen and was also in a number of other senior operating positions. 

John R. Grady has served as Concept President Ninety Nine Restaurants since April 2004. Mr. Grady joined Ninety Nine Restaurants in March 1975. Prior to being named President, Mr. Grady was Executive Vice President and has also served in various capacities in the Operations,
Training and Real Estate Departments for Ninety Nine Restaurants over the years. 

Anthony J. Halligan III was named Concept President Stoney River Legendary Steaks in February 2006. Prior to being named President, Mr. Halligan served in the capacity of Vice President from 2000 until 2006. Prior to his tenure with Stoney River, Mr. Halligan served in various
capacities for companies in the restaurant and retail industries. 

Colin M. Daly, Esq. has served as Secretary since March 2009 and General Counsel since February 2008. Prior to being named General Counsel, Mr. Daly served as the company s Senior Corporate Counsel from April 2006 to January 2008. Prior to joining our company,
Mr. Daly served as an Assistant General Counsel for ARAMARK Corporation, a diversified management services company, from 2003 to 2006. Prior to ARAMARK, Mr. Daly practiced law with law firms in Nashville, Tennessee and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

Michael K. Ellis has served as Chief Development Officer since April 2007. Mr. Ellis served as Vice President Asset Management for BP Products North America, an oil and national gas company and subsidiary of BP p.l.c., from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Ellis served as the Senior Vice
President of Development at Carlson Restaurants Worldwide, an owner and operator of casual dining restaurants worldwide, from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Ellis served as the Chief Development Officer for Burger King Corporation from 2003 to 2004. Prior to that Mr. Ellis has held other various roles of increasing responsibility at Darden Restaurants Inc. and DF R Restaurants, Inc.. 

Lawrence D. Taylor has served as Chief Supply Chain Officer since May 2006. Prior to joining our company, he was the Chief Procurement Officer for Carlson Companies, Inc., a global travel, hospitality, restaurant and marketing company, from 2003 to 2006. Mr.
Taylor was Vice President, Supply Chain Management for Carlson Restaurants from 2001 to 2003. Mr. Taylor s earlier experience included senior procurement and supply chain management positions with Taco Bell Corporation, Burger King, Inc., and Perseco. Mr. Taylor was also an owner-operator of a franchised McDonald s restaurant. 

Robert F. Luz has served as Vice President of Human Resources since October 2007. Mr. Luz joined Ninety Nine Restaurants in 1999. Prior to being named Vice President of Human Resources, Mr. Luz served as the company s Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Training
for Ninety Nine Restaurants. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Luz was Executive Director of Human Resources for Applebee s International, Inc., a casual dining restaurant company, from 1993 to 1999. Mr. Luz served as Vice President of Human Resources for Back Bay Restaurant Group, a casual dining restaurant company, from 1991 to 1993. Mr. Luz served as Vice President of Operations from 1986 to 1991 for Hotel and Restaurant Personnel of America, a national executive recruitment firm specializing
in senior hospitality management positions. 

Leon De Wet has served as Chief Information Officer since September 2006. Prior to joining our company he was with Brinker International, a casual dining restaurant company, from 1992 to 2006 and served as the Vice President, Business Intelligence
and Strategic Systems, from 2002 to 2006. His previous roles at Brinker International include Senior Member of Technical Staff, Director of Store Systems and Development Manager. Mr. De Wet s earlier experiences included management and analyst roles in charge of retail systems at various companies including Michael s Stores Inc. 

10 

R. Jeffrey Williams has served as Chief Accounting Officer since February 2006 and as Corporate Controller since February 2003. Mr. Williams served as Controller for the O Charley s Concept from July 2001 to February 2003. Mr. Williams served as Controller of The Krystal
Company from 2000 to 2001. Mr. Williams served as Director of Financial Planning and Analysis for Cracker Barrel Old Country Store from 1999 to 2000 and as Accounting Manager for Cracker Barrel Old Country Store from 1996 to 1999. Mr. Williams is a certified public accountant. 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.ocharleysinc.com . Please note that our website address is provided as an inactive textual reference only. We make available free of charge through our website the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 

We have posted our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct and Business Ethics Policy for directors, officers and team members, and the charters of our Audit, Compensation and Human Resources and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of the board of directors on our website at www.ocharleysinc.com . 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risk Factors 

Some of the statements we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of the words anticipate, will, believe, estimate, expect, plan, intend, seek 
or similar expressions and are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical statements of fact and those regarding our intent, belief, plans or expectations such as statements concerning our operating and growth strategy, projections of revenue, income or loss, information regarding future restaurant openings and capital expenditures, potential increases in food and other operating
costs, and our development, expansion, franchising and joint venture plans and future operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results in future periods to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Those risks and uncertainties include, among others, the continued deterioration in the United States economy and the related adverse effect on our sales of decreases in consumer spending; our ability to achieve
our internal forecast of sales and profitability, our ability to comply with the terms and conditions of our financing agreements; our ability to maintain or increase same store sales and operating margins at our restaurants; the effect that increases in food, labor, energy, interest costs and other expenses have on our results of operations; the effect of increased competition; our ability to successfully implement changes to our supply chain; our ability to sell closed restaurants and other surplus assets;
our ability to successfully implement and realize projected benefits of our turnaround and transformation process, including our re-brandings and other initiatives; the resolutions of outstanding legal proceedings; and the risks and uncertainties discussed below. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, you should not regard the inclusion of such information as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events and circumstances occurring after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. 

The current economic situation could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The significant slowdown and volatility in the U.S. economy has and is expected to continue to negatively affect our business. For instance, the soft housing market, tightening credit and increasing unemployment have led to lack of consumer confidence, particularly for consumers that frequent casual dining chains. Continuing weakness in
the spending of those consumers has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Since our business depends upon consumer discretionary spending, further deepening of job losses and home values and tighter access to consumer credit would place additional pressure on our guest counts and reduce our profitability. There can be no assurance that the macroeconomic environment will improve significantly or that the federal government's stimulus efforts will restore consumer
confidence, increase liquidity and the availability of credit, or result in lower unemployment. In response to current economic conditions, many of our competitors have increased discounting activities in markets in which we operate. Our response or failure to respond, to such discounting could negatively impact our restaurant sales. In addition, some of our suppliers could experience serious cash flow problems due to the credit market crisis. As a result, they may attempt to increase their
prices, pass through increased costs or alter payment terms. Our suppliers may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could have a material adverse affect on our business. We do not expect that the difficult economic conditions are likely to improve significantly in the near future, and any continuation or worsening of the credit crisis, or even the fear of such a development, could intensify the adverse effects of these difficult market
conditions on our results of operations. 

11 

Changing consumer preferences and discretionary spending patterns could force us to modify our concepts and menus and could result in a reduction in our revenues. 

Our O Charley s and Ninety Nine restaurants are casual-dining restaurants that feature menus intended to appeal to a broad spectrum of guests. Our Stoney River restaurants are upscale casual-dining steakhouses that feature steaks, fresh seafood and other gourmet entr es. Our continued success depends, in part, upon the
popularity of these foods and these styles of dining. Shifts in consumer preferences away from this cuisine or dining style could materially adversely affect our future operating results. The restaurant industry is characterized by the continual introduction of new concepts and is subject to rapidly changing consumer preferences, tastes and eating and purchasing habits. Our success will depend in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes in consumer preferences, as well as other factors affecting
the restaurant industry, including new market entrants and demographic changes. We may be forced to make changes in our concepts and menus in order to respond to changes in consumer tastes or dining patterns. If we change a restaurant concept or menu, we may lose guests who do not prefer the new concept or menu, and may not be able to attract a sufficient new guest base to produce the revenue needed to make the restaurant profitable. In addition, consumer preferences could be affected by health concerns about
the consumption of beef, the primary item on our Stoney River menu, food born illnesses or other diseases or by specific events such as E. coli food poisoning or outbreaks of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (mad cow disease) or other diseases. 

Our success is also dependent to a significant extent on numerous factors affecting discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions, disposable consumer income and consumer confidence. A continued deterioration in consumer confidence and these other factors could continue to reduce guest traffic and impose pressures on pricing,
harming our results of operations. 

Our restaurants may not be able to compete successfully with other restaurants, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The restaurant industry is intensely competitive with respect to price, service, location, nutritional and dietary trends and food quality, and there are many well-established competitors with substantially greater financial and other resources than us, including a large number of national and regional restaurant chains. Some of our competitors
have been in existence for a substantially longer period than us and may be better established in the markets where our restaurants are or may be located. Some of our competitors advertise on national television, which may provide them with greater awareness and name recognition than we can achieve through our advertising efforts. Our success to drive incremental sales or maintain sales levels is dependent upon our operational execution and marketing. If our marketing promotions fail to achieve a competitive
advantage we may lose market share. Additionally, we face increasing competition from the convergence of restaurant, deli and grocery services, as supermarkets and grocery stores offer convenient meals in the form of improved entr es and side dishes in their deli sections. If our restaurants are unable to compete successfully in new and existing markets, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

To the extent that we open restaurants in larger cities and metropolitan areas, we expect competition to be more intense in those markets. We also compete with other restaurants for experienced management personnel and hourly team members and with other restaurants and retail establishments for quality sites. 

The effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs could have a material effect on our operating results. 

Our revenues are heavily influenced by brand marketing and advertising. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be successful, which may lead us to fail to attract new guests and retain existing guests. If our marketing and advertising programs are unsuccessful, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that
the current economic environment and the competitive landscape in the casual dining restaurant industry have made our customers more value-conscious, and that we must respond to new market conditions and consumers' demand for superior value for the money and quality. This strategy is reflected in, among other things, our O Charley s and Ninety Nine restaurants, menu offerings and our value-oriented pricing and menu changes at our Stoney River restaurants. If we are unable to successfully execute this
strategy, our operating margins and financial results could be adversely affected. 

We may incur costs or liabilities and lose revenue as the result of existing or proposed government laws or regulation. 

Our restaurants are subject to extensive federal, state and local government laws and regulation, including regulations related to the preparation and sale of food (such as regulations regarding labeling, allergens content, trans fat content and other menu information regarding nutrition), the sale of alcoholic beverages, employment matters
(such as minimum wage, employee health insurance, organizing and collective bargaining, fair employment practices, and employee health and safety), zoning and building codes and other health, sanitation and safety matters. All of these regulations impact not only our current restaurant operations but also our ability to open new restaurants. We will be required to comply with applicable state and local regulations in any new locations into which we expand. Any difficulties, delays or failures in obtaining licenses,
permits or approvals in such new locations could delay or prevent the opening of a restaurant in a particular area or reduce operations at an existing location, either of which could materially and adversely affect our growth and results of operations. 

The revenues and costs of operating our restaurants may be adversely effected if there are changes in laws governing minimum hourly wages or tip credits, labor or collective bargaining laws, nutritional labeling, workers compensation insurance rates, employee health insurance, unemployment tax rates, sales taxes, corporate income
tax or other laws and regulations, such as the federal Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family Medical Leave Act. If any of the above costs increase, we cannot assure that we will be able to offset the increase by increasing our menu prices or by other means, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

12 

If we are unable to comply with our financial covenants, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

At December 27, 2009, we had a total of 131.9 million in debt and capitalized lease obligations, which includes 125.0 million pursuant to our subordinated notes due 2013. We had no amounts outstanding on our revolving credit facility at December 27, 2009. 

Our credit facility contains customary restrictive covenants, including limitations on dividends, repurchases of capital stock, sale leaseback transactions, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and mergers, acquisitions and asset sales. In addition, our credit facility contains certain financial covenants, including an adjusted
debt to EBITDAR ratio, a senior secured leverage ratio, a fixed-charge coverage ratio and capital expenditures ratio. As of the end of our 2009 fiscal year, there were no defaults under our credit facility and we were in compliance with all covenants. Although we currently project that we will remain in compliance with these covenants there can be no assurance that we will remain in compliance with these covenants. 

Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009, we entered into our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to enhance our financial flexibility. See Note 26 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to this matter. 

If we were to violate any of our covenants under our credit facility there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining amendments or waivers on acceptable terms. Any waiver or amendment may result in future increases in the interest costs and possible additional restrictions under our credit facility. If we were
unable to obtain a waiver or negotiate an amendment on acceptable terms and a default were to occur under our credit facility, such default would also constitute a default under certain conditions under the indenture governing our senior subordinated notes. 

In addition, we have four separate lease agreements that cover lease arrangements for an aggregate of 30 of our Ninety Nine restaurants, each of which contains a fixed charge covenant calculation. Each of the four restaurant groups are subject to an annual fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.50 to 1.00. The fixed charge coverage ratio for
one of the leases, which includes six Ninety Nine restaurants, was 1.48 to 1.00, which was below the required 1.50 to 1.00 minimum. In order to remain in compliance, we were required to make a rent prepayment of approximately 111,000. The other three leases covering the remaining 24 restaurants exceeded the 1.50 to 1.00 minimum. Failure to remain in compliance with these lease covenants could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our support centers could experience a natural or man-made disaster, resulting in a loss of data and information, and disruption of our business. 

Successful operation of our restaurants depends upon the oversight, information systems and administrative support that they receive from our three support centers. For example, our information systems provide point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, management of our supply chain, financial reporting, various other processes and transactions
and maintaining operational efficiencies. We have developed and tested a Disaster Recovery Plan to respond to the loss of information systems and administrative support in the event of natural and man-made disasters. This plan allows us to fully restore our systems in a remote location within three business days. If the Disaster Recovery Plan were to fail, the loss of data and other capabilities could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and the reliability of our financial information. 

We may experience higher operating costs, which would adversely affect our operating results, if we cannot increase menu prices to cover them. 

Our operating results are significantly dependent on our ability to anticipate and react to increases in food, labor, team member benefits, energy and other costs. Various factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, governmental regulation, production, availability, recalls of food products and seasonality may affect
our food costs or cause a disruption in our supply chain. We cannot predict whether we will be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting our purchasing practices and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, because the pricing strategy at our O Charley s and Ninety Nine restaurants is intended to provide an attractive price-to-value relationship, we may not be able to pass along price increases to our guests without adversely
impacting our guest counts. 

We compete with other restaurants for experienced management personnel and hourly team members. Each of our concepts offers medical benefits to hourly team members. Increases in health care costs, changes in state or federal minimum wage laws, or changes in legal requirements relating to employee benefits would likely cause an
increase in our labor costs. We cannot assure that we will be able to offset increased wage and benefit costs through our purchasing and hiring practices or menu price increases, particularly over the short term. As a result, increases in wages and benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

13 

In addition, the current premiums that we pay for our insurance (including workers compensation, general liability, property, health, and directors and officers liability) may increase annually, thereby further increasing our costs. The dollar amount of claims that we actually experience under our workers compensation
and general liability insurance, for which we carry high per-claim deductibles, may also increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. Further, the decreased availability of property and liability insurance has the potential to negatively impact the cost of premiums and the magnitude of uninsured losses, particularly if the insurance carriers themselves became financially unstable. 

We outsource certain business processes to third-party vendors that subject us to risks, including disruptions in business and increased costs. 

Some business processes that are dependent on technology are outsourced to third parties. Such processes include gift card tracking and authorization, credit card authorization and processing, certain payroll processes and benefit administrators. We make a diligent effort to ensure that
all providers of outsourced services are observing proper internal control practices, including secure data transfers between us and the third-party vendor; however, there are no guarantees that failures will not occur. Failure of third parties to provide adequate services could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or ability to accomplish our financial and management reporting. 

Failure to protect the integrity and security of individually identifiable data of our guests and teammates could expose us to litigation and damage our reputation. 

We receive and maintain certain personal information about our guests and teammates both internally and with third party vendors. The use of this information by us is regulated at the federal and state levels, as well as by certain third party contracts. If our security and information systems
are compromised or our business associates fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could adversely affect our reputation, as well as operations, results of operations and financial condition, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, or changes are imposed by our business partners, we may incur additional costs to ensure it
remains in compliance. 

We may incur costs or liabilities as a result of litigation and publicity concerning food quality, health and other issues that can also cause guests to avoid our restaurants. 

We are subject to complaints or litigation from time to time from guests alleging illness, injury or other food quality or health concerns. Litigation or adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may materially adversely affect our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are liable. We
are subject to litigation under dram shop laws that allow a person to sue us based on any injury or death caused by an intoxicated person who was wrongfully served alcoholic beverages at one of our restaurants. While we maintain insurance for lawsuits under a dram shop law or alleging illness or injury from food, we have significant deductibles under such insurance and any such litigation may result in a verdict in excess of our liability insurance policy limits, which could
result in substantial liability for us and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We are a defendant from time to time in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including claims relating to injury; claims relating to workplace and employment matters, including wage and hour disputes, discrimination claims and similar matters; claims resulting from slip and fall accidents;
claims relating to lease and contractual obligations; claims relating to our joint venture or franchising initiatives; and claims from guests or employees alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health or operational concerns. 

We do not believe that any of the legal proceedings pending against us as of the date of this report will have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or financial condition. We may incur liabilities, receive benefits, settle disputes, sustain judgments, or accrue expenses relating to legal proceedings in a particular fiscal quarter
which may adversely affect our results of operations, or on occasion, receive settlements that favorably affect results of operations. 

Our continued growth depends on our ability to open new restaurants and operate our new restaurants profitably, which in turn depends upon our continued access to capital. 

A significant portion of our historical growth has been due to opening new restaurants. We have substantially reduced our new restaurant growth over the past several years as we formulated our turnaround plan and more recently due to the deteriorating economic environment. We opened one new Ninety Nine restaurant and one new Stoney River
restaurant in 2009. We do not plan to open any new restaurants in 2010. Our ability to operate new restaurants successfully depends on a number of factors, such as: 

the macroeconomic environment, including consumer confidence and discretionary spending; 

the selection and availability of quality restaurant sites; 

our ability to negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms; 

14 

our ability to hire, train and retain the skilled management and other personnel necessary to open, manage and operate new restaurants; 

our ability to secure the governmental permits and approvals required to open new restaurants; 

our ability to manage the amount of time and money required to build and open new restaurants, including the possibility that adverse weather conditions may delay construction and the opening of new restaurants; and 

the availability of adequate financing. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control. In addition, we have historically generated insufficient cash flow from operations to fund our working capital and capital expenditures and, accordingly, our ability to open new restaurants and our ability to grow, as well as our ability to meet other anticipated capital needs, may be dependent
on our continued access to external financing, including borrowings under our credit facility and financing obtained in the capital markets. Our ability to make borrowings under our credit facility will require, among other things, that we comply with certain financial and other covenants, and we cannot assure that we will be able to do so. Accordingly, we cannot be assured that we will be successful in opening new restaurants at such time we decide to resume new restaurant growth. Furthermore, we cannot be assured
that our new restaurants will generate revenues or profit margins consistent with those of our existing restaurants, or that any new restaurants will be operated profitably. 

Our success depends on our ability to execute our strategic plan and to realize our anticipated supply chain efficiencies. 

Our strategic plan involves a number of initiatives intended to improve our restaurant level economics and enhance guest loyalty. Our strategic plan involves significant investments in our management team and our restaurants and the success of the strategic plan depends on our ability to successfully implement the plan and realize
the projected return on our investment. Our strategy also includes improving our restaurant level economics, and we believe that effective supply chain management will contribute significantly to achieving this goal. However, a failure to successfully implement and realize projected savings from these actions could adversely affect the results of our strategic plans. 

Our restaurants are concentrated geographically; if any one of the regions in which our restaurants are located experiences an economic downturn, adverse weather or other material
change, our business results may suffer. 

Our O Charley s restaurants are located in the Eastern, Southeastern, and Midwestern United States. Our Ninety Nine restaurants are located primarily in the Northeastern United States. As of December 27, 2009, we operated 40 of our 235 O Charley s restaurants in Tennessee and 61 of our 116 Ninety Nine restaurants
in Massachusetts. As a result, our business and our financial or operating results may be materially adversely affected by adverse economic, weather or business conditions in these markets, as well as in other geographic regions in which we operate restaurants. 

Any disruption in manufacturing and distribution operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our restaurants. 

We historically operated a commissary in Nashville, Tennessee through which we manufactured, purchased, and distributed a substantial majority of the food products and supplies for our O Charley s and Stoney River restaurants and we had also operated a distribution facility in Bellingham, Massachusetts, through which we distributed
a portion of the food products and supplies for our Ninety Nine restaurants. During the second quarter of 2007, we completed the sale of our commissary facility in Nashville, Tennessee and the outsourcing of various food processing and distribution activities performed at our commissary and distribution facilities in Nashville, Tennessee and Woburn, Massachusetts. During the third quarter of 2009, we completed the sale of our distribution operations in Bellingham, Massachusetts and now outsource
distribution services to our Ninety Nine restaurants. 

Following the sale of our commissary and Bellingham, Massachusetts distribution operations, we outsourced the manufacture of all food products, as well as the distribution and transportation services to the O Charley s, Ninety Nine and Stoney River brands, to third parties. Since the transition is now complete, we
are now dependant upon the performance of third-party manufacturers and distributors. Any disruptions to their operations could have a material impact on our future reported results. 

We rely heavily on technology in our business, and any interruption, failure or breach of security of that technology could negatively affect our ability to effectively operate our business. 

If we experience problems with our ability to effectively manage our information systems it could disrupt our operations. Our business depends on information systems that assist us in, among other things, point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, management of our supply chain, financial reporting, various other processes and transactions
and maintaining operational efficiencies. All of these processes depend upon the reliability and capacity of these information systems. These systems include software developed in-house and systems provided by external contractors and other service providers. To the extent that these external contractors or other service providers become insolvent or fail to support the software or systems, our operations could be negatively affected. If we experience a reduction in the performance, reliability,
or availability of our information systems, our operations and ability to produce timely and accurate reports could be adversely affected. 

Our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading, and enhancement to meet our operational needs. In addition, a breach of security could cause delays in customer service, hinder operational efficiencies and could require a significant investment to remediate the problem. If we are unable to successfully
implement, maintain, secure, or expand our systems properly, we could suffer from, among other things, operational disruptions and increases in administrative expenses. 

15 

Failure to comply with current regulatory requirements will result in additional expenses and may adversely affect us. 

Keeping abreast of, and in compliance with, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Securities and Exchange Commission regulations and NASDAQ Stock Market rules, has required an increased amount of our management s attention and greater
utilization of external resources. We remain committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, including any standards or regulations approved under the current government administration. This investment has resulted, and we expect will continue to result, in increased general and administrative expenses. 

We are dependent on attracting and retaining qualified employees. 

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining qualified restaurant employees. Availability of staff varies widely from location to location. Many staff members are in entry-level or part-time positions, typically with high rates of turnover. Even though recent trends in employee turnover have been favorable,
if restaurant management and staff turnover were to increase, we could suffer higher direct costs associated with recruiting, training and retaining replacement personnel. Management turnover as well as general shortages in the labor pool can cause our restaurants to be operated with reduced staff, which negatively affects our ability to provide appropriate service levels to our customers. Competition for qualified employees exerts upward pressure on wages paid to attract such personnel,
resulting in higher labor costs, together with greater recruiting and training expenses. 

We are dependent upon our senior management team to execute our business strategy. 

Our operations and our ability to execute our business strategy are highly dependent on the efforts of our senior management team. Many of the members of our senior management team do not have long tenures with us. 

Although the members of our senior management team have employment agreements with us, these agreements may not provide sufficient incentives for these officers to continue employment with us. Additionally, the difficult economy has impacted our senior executives, as we did not pay any bonuses to senior executives in 2007 and 2008 and froze
base salaries in 2008 and 2009 (other than in connection with promotions). The loss of one or more of the members of our senior management team could adversely affect our business. We do not maintain key man insurance on any of the members of our senior management team. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

As of December 27, 2009, we operated 235 O Charley s restaurants, 116 Ninety Nine restaurants and 11 Stoney River Legendary Steak restaurants. As of that date, our owned and leased properties by concept are as follows: 

Owned 

Ground Lease 

Land and Building Lease 

Total 

O Charley s 

99 

92 

44 

235 

Ninety Nine 

0 

33 

83 

116 

Stoney River 

3 

5 

3 

11 

Total 

102 

130 

130 

362 

See Item 1-Business-Restaurant Locations above. Restaurant lease expirations range from 2011 to 2029, with the majority of the leases providing for an option to renew for additional terms ranging from five to 20 years. All of our restaurant leases provide for a specified annual rental, and some leases call for additional rental
based on sales volume at the particular location over specified minimum levels. Generally, our restaurant leases are triple net leases, which require us to pay the cost of insurance, utilities, and taxes. 

As of December 27, 2009, 88 of our company-owned properties were subject to collateral mortgages under the credit agreement in place at the end of fiscal 2009. Subsequent to fiscal 2009, we entered into our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that reduced the number of collateral mortgages on our company-owned restaurants
to 47. 

16 

We own our corporate office that is located in Nashville, Tennessee with approximately 60,000 square feet. We lease administrative offices of approximately 15,000 square feet in Woburn, Massachusetts. In June 2009, we entered into an agreement to outsource food and supply distribution for our Ninety Nine restaurants and to sell
related assets at our distribution facility in Bellingham, Massachusetts. We sublet the Bellingham facility, with approximately 79,000 square feet of space, to our supplier through February 2010. Our lease for this facility expires in September 2015. We also lease approximately 16,000 square feet of office space in Brentwood, Tennessee which is used for our Financial Services Center. Our lease at our office space in Brentwood, Tennessee is scheduled to expire November 30, 2010. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are a defendant from time to time in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including claims relating to injury or wrongful death under dram shop laws that allow a person to sue us based on any injury caused by an intoxicated person who
was wrongfully served alcoholic beverages at one of our restaurants; claims relating to workplace, workers compensation and employment matters, discrimination and similar matters; claims resulting from slip and fall accidents; claims relating to lease and contractual obligations; claims relating to our joint venture and franchising initiatives; and claims from guests or employees alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health or operational concerns. 

We do not believe that any of the legal proceedings pending against us as of the date of this report will have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or financial condition. We may incur liabilities, receive benefits, settle disputes, sustain judgments, or accrue expenses relating to legal proceedings in a particular fiscal quarter
which may adversely affect our results of operations, or on occasion, receive settlements that favorably affect results of operations. 

Item 4. (Removed and Reserved). 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CHUX. As of February 25, 2010, there were 2,644 shareholders of record of our common stock. 

Quarterly cash dividends of 0.06 per share were paid in March, June and September of 2008. Total cash dividends of 3.9 million were paid in 2008. On October 20, 2008, we announced that we had discontinued the quarterly dividend. Pursuant to our credit facility at December 27, 2009, and the bond indenture, the basket available
to pay dividends and repurchase shares is equal to 62.5 million plus 50 of cumulative net earnings since the beginning of fiscal 2006. Since the beginning of fiscal 2006, we have paid dividends of 8.1 million and made share repurchases of 54.8 million. Our cumulative net loss since the beginning of fiscal 2006 is 113.7 million. Based upon our cumulative net loss since the beginning of fiscal 2006, we cannot pay dividends on nor repurchase shares of our stock as of December 27, 2009. See Note 26 of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements which describes certain changes made to the terms of the Credit Agreement in 2010. 

The following table shows quarterly high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

High 

Low 

Fiscal 2009 

First Quarter 

4.95 

1.83 

Second Quarter 

10.20 

4.18 

Third Quarter 

11.41 

7.45 

Fourth Quarter 

10.10 

5.32 

Fiscal 2008 

First Quarter 

15.36 

9.88 

Second Quarter 

12.34 

9.63 

Third Quarter 

12.84 

8.02 

Fourth Quarter 

8.27 

1.19 

17 

Graph Data Points 

12 / 26 / 04 

12 / 25 / 05 

12 / 31/06 

12 / 30 / 07 

12 / 28 / 08 

12 / 27 / 09 

O Charley s Inc. 

100.00 

81.40 

111.18 

78.88 

11.01 

37.31 

NASDAQ Composite 

100.00 

101.33 

114.01 

123.71 

73.11 

105.61 

S P Restaurants 

100.00 

106.39 

135.26 

149.26 

141.22 

165.08 

18 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The following table sets forth information with respect to purchases of shares of the Company s common stock made during the quarter ended December 27, 2009 by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined by Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act: 

O Charley s Accounting Periods 

Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Increase in Share Repurchase Authorization 

Maximum Number of Shares or Approximate Dollar Value That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

10/05/09-11/01/09 

392 

9.57 

11/02/09-11/29/09 

1,966 

6.96 

11/30/09-12/27/09 

5,264 

6.23 

Total for the Quarter 

7,622 

6.59 

(1) Represents shares withheld to cover tax-withholding requirements relating to the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees pursuant to the Company s shareholder-approved stock incentive plans. 

19 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

The selected financial data presented below under the captions Statement of Operations Data and Balance Sheet Data for, and as of the end of each of the fiscal years in the five-year period ended December 27, 2009, were derived from the consolidated financial statements of O Charley s Inc. and subsidiaries.
The selected data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008 and for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 27, 2009, and the related notes thereto, as well as Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing in this Form 10-K. 

Fiscal Years 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues: 

Restaurant sales 

879,909 

930,317 

969,497 

978,751 

921,329 

Commissary sales 

7,783 

10,345 

8,498 

Franchise and other revenue 

931 

843 

472 

428 

361 

880,840 

931,160 

977,752 

989,524 

930,188 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of restaurant sales: 

Cost of food and beverage 

256,823 

276,005 

284,099 

291,759 

277,391 

Payroll and benefits 

311,795 

325,996 

331,644 

328,809 

318,513 

Restaurant operating costs 

175,544 

187,966 

184,791 

185,938 

172,417 

Cost of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization shown separately below 

744,162 

789,967 

800,534 

806,506 

768,321 

Cost of commissary sales 

7,700 

9,065 

7,716 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

32,718 

34,257 

32,537 

27,917 

25,470 

General and administrative expenses 

38,343 

44,292 

48,670 

52,211 

42,074 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

47,283 

50,776 

50,882 

46,614 

43,806 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net (1) 

11,355 

16,989 

16,537 

2,098 

7,335 

Goodwill impairment (2) 

93,656 

Pre-opening costs 

597 

3,921 

3,065 

4,628 

6,271 

874,458 

1,033,858 

959,925 

949,039 

900,993 

Income (loss) from Operations 

6,382 

(102,698 

17,827 

40,485 

29,195 

Other Expense (Income): 

Interest expense, net 

11,628 

14,966 

12,329 

14,401 

15,123 

Other, net 

(68 

10 

(87 

(6 

42 

11,560 

14,976 

12,242 

14,395 

15,165 

(Loss) Earnings Before Income Taxes and Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle 

(5,178 

(117,674 

5,585 

26,090 

14,030 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (3) 

2,147 

14,823 

(1,724 

7,200 

2,001 

(Loss) Earnings Before Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle 

(7,325 

(132,497 

7,309 

18,890 

12,029 

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle, net of tax (4) 

(151 

Net (Loss) Earnings 

(7,325 

(132,497 

7,309 

18,890 

11,878 

Net (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders 

(7,325 

(132,497 

7,092 

18,350 

11,599 

Basic (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle (5) 

(0.35 

(6.34 

0.30 

0.79 

0.52 

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle, net of tax (4) 

(0.01 

Basic (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share (5) 

(0.35 

(6.34 

0.30 

0.79 

0.51 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle (5) 

(0.35 

(6.34 

0.30 

0.78 

0.51 

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle, net of tax (4) 

(0.01 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share (5) 

(0.35 

(6.34 

0.30 

0.78 

0.50 

Balance Sheet Data (at end of period): 

Working capital deficit 

(16,944 

(31,883 

(21,145 

(25,814 

(22,270 

Total assets 

462,255 

520,262 

648,983 

688,638 

687,610 

Current portion of long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations 

1,979 

6,640 

8,597 

9,812 

10,975 

Long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations, including current portion 

131,898 

163,068 

145,235 

154,357 

185,683 

Total shareholders equity 

209,119 

211,760 

366,276 

381,499 

349,588 

Cash dividends per share 

0.18 

0.18 

20 

(1) 

During 2009, we recorded impairment charges on eight O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants, and one Stoney River restaurant, of which one O Charley s and three Ninety Nine restaurants closed subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009. The Company plans to close two additional Ninety Nine restaurants, while the
remaining impaired restaurants are expected to remain open. We also recognized additional impairment charges on one Stoney River restaurant that was closed during fiscal 2009. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 11.4 million, including losses on disposal of assets, assets held for sale, and certain previously impaired restaurants. The current economic environment, reduced consumer spending, and current negative economic outlook have reduced our expected future cash flow. Therefore, we have
reduced the carrying value of these restaurants to their fair value. 

During 2008 we recorded impairment charges on seven O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants, two Stoney River restaurants, of which one Stoney River restaurant closed during fiscal 2009, and the remaining impaired restaurants have remained open. In addition, we sold our airplane and incurred other immaterial
charges. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 17.4 million. The excess carrying value of the restaurants and airplane was recorded as an impairment charge on our statement of operations. This impairment charge was partially offset by net gains on the disposal of assets of 0.4 million. 

During 2007 we recorded charges of 10.2 million in connection with changes in our supply chain, which primarily consisted of non-cash charges taken for the loss on the sale of the commissary real estate and facility and related impairment of manufacturing equipment, charges taken for employee severance and retention, and to a lesser extent,
legal and transition costs. We also recorded impairment and disposal costs of 6.3 million relating to restaurant impairments and other asset retirements during 2007. Included in the 6.3 million charge is the impairments related to three underperforming O Charley s restaurants, two of which were subsequently closed, and the impairment of one Stoney River restaurant which remains open, and two Ninety Nine restaurants that were subsequently closed. 

During 2006, we took an impairment charge on three planned O Charley s restaurant closures, one O Charley s and one Ninety Nine restaurant that were subsequently closed and one Ninety Nine restaurant that has remained open, an impairment of purchased software, and assets related to the Company s re-branding
efforts. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 4.5 million to reflect the difference between the fair value and net book value of the underlying assets. This impairment charge was partially offset by net gains on the disposal of assets of 2.4 million. 

During 2005, we took an impairment charge on one O Charley s restaurant that remains open and seven O Charley s restaurants that were closed and on a company aircraft that was subsequently sold. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 7.2 million to reflect the difference between the fair value
and net book value of the underlying assets. This impairment charge was in addition to losses of 0.1 million taken on the disposal of assets during 2005. 

(2) 

In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other FASB ASC 350 ), in 2008 we recorded goodwill impairment charges of 93.1 million related to Ninety Nine restaurants and 0.6 million related to Stoney River restaurants,
resulting in the write off of all of the goodwill on our balance sheet. 

(3) 

For the fiscal year 2009, the income tax provision included additional valuation allowances of 6.5 million to offset the current year increase in deferred tax assets. For the fiscal year 2008, the income tax provision included a charge of 61.6 million to establish a valuation reserve for substantially all of our deferred tax assets. 

(4) 

In 2005, we incurred an after-tax charge of 0.2 million, or 0.01 per basic and diluted share, which was recorded as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle for 2005 associated with the adoption of FASB ASC 410, Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations . 

(5) 

We adopted certain provisions of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, FASB ASC 260 ), the first day of fiscal 2009, which require unvested share-based payments that entitle employees to receive non-forfeitable dividends to be considered participating securities as defined in FASB ASC 260 and for these participating securities to be included
in the two-class method of computing earnings per share. We have retrospectively applied the two-class method for the fiscal years presented in this Form 10-K. The adoption of the provisions of FASB ASC 260 reduced basic and diluted earnings per share by 0.01 in fiscal 2007, 0.02 in fiscal 2006 and 0.01 in fiscal 2005. 

21 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

We are a multi-concept restaurant company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. We own and operate three restaurant concepts under the O Charley s, Ninety Nine and Stoney River Legendary Steaks trade names. As of December 27, 2009, we operated 235 O Charley s company-owned
restaurants in 17 states in the East, Southeast and Midwest, 116 Ninety Nine restaurants in nine states throughout New England and the Mid-Atlantic, and 11 Stoney River restaurants in six states in the East, Southeast and Midwest. As of December 27, 2009, we had ten franchised O Charley s restaurants in five states in the East and Southeast. 

Recent economic trends, including high rates of unemployment and declining home prices, have negatively impacted the middle-income consumer who is the core customer of casual dining restaurants. Like many of our competitors, the economic environment, one of the more challenging in casual
dining history, has contributed to declines in same store sales. In response to the current economic environment, we are focused on driving profitable sales, controlling margins while enhancing guest service and maintaining our financial flexibility. 

Improving sales by differentiating our brands through innovative and value-focused food and beverage offerings. We are committed to serving the best food in the varied menu, upscale and casual dining segments with high value perception. By
offering unique and innovative menu items, we believe we can differentiate ourselves from our competitors, build brand loyalty and stimulate return visits. In the current economic environment, we recognize that providing compelling value to our guests is increasingly important. 

To that end, late in fiscal 2009, our promotions featured a number of new items at attractive price points. For example, at O Charley s we expanded our two meals for 14.99 from six to ten entr es and increased availability of this special to seven days a week, all of which
was supported with advertising and marketing, including communications to our 1.3 million member E-club. At Ninety Nine restaurants we added new entr es to our popular nine entr es starting at 9.99 and began offering nine lunch items starting at 5.99 in order to build our lunch business. During the year we began repositioning the Stoney River Legendary Steaks brand as an upscale casual dining restaurant by providing the same great guest experience with lower menu prices, new menu offerings, and a
new menu format. We believe that the increased guest counts at Stoney River in the fourth quarter indicate the success of these repositioning elements. We also opened a Stoney River restaurant in Towson, Maryland which included these repositioning elements. 

Controlling margins while enhancing guest service. Our 2009 restaurant level margin, which we define as restaurant sales minus cost of food and beverage, payroll and
benefit costs, and restaurant operating costs, increased to 15.4 percent of restaurant sales from 15.1 percent of restaurant sales in 2008. We believe that the roll-out of our new, integrated back-of-house system will facilitate even greater control over labor and food expenses. We also realized year-over-year savings from changes to our health care plans for our hourly team members. We achieve these savings while guest satisfaction scores reached an all-time high in each of our
restaurant brands. 

Maintaining our financial flexibility by maximizing cash flow and reducing debt. In the current economic environment we believe it is critical to maintain our financial flexibility. The combination
of positive operating cash flow and reduced levels of capital investment during fiscal 2009 allowed us to reduce debt and capital lease obligations by 31.2 million during the year. This reduction includes the paying off the outstanding borrowings under our revolving line of credit of 23.8 million, 6.3 million in capital lease payments, and approximately 1.1 million of amortization and payments of other borrowings. During the third quarter of fiscal 2009 we completed the transaction to outsource
food and supply distribution for our Ninety Nine restaurants, and received net cash proceeds of approximately 6.7 million. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009, we entered into our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to enhance our financial flexibility. See Note 26 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to this matter. 

Fiscal years end on the last Sunday of the calendar year. Fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 each consisted of 52 weeks. We have one reportable segment. 

22 

Following is an explanation of certain items in our consolidated statements of operations: 

Revenues consist primarily of company-operated and joint venture restaurant sales and, to a lesser extent, royalty and franchise revenue. Restaurant sales include food and beverage sales and are net of applicable state and local sales taxes and discounts. Franchise revenue and other
revenue consist of development fees, royalties on sales by franchised units, and royalties on sales of branded food items, particularly salad dressings. Our development fees for franchisees in which we do not have an ownership interest are between 25,000 and 50,000 per restaurant. The development fees are recognized during the reporting period in which the developed restaurant begins operation. The royalties are recognized as revenue in the period corresponding to the franchisees sales. 

Cost of Food and Beverage primarily consists of the costs of beef, poultry, seafood, and alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages net of vendor discounts and rebates. The three most significant commodities that may affect our cost of food and beverage are beef, poultry, and seafood which
accounted for approximately 26 percent, 10 percent and 8 percent, respectively, of our overall cost of food and beverage in 2009. Generally, temporary increases in these costs are not passed on to guests; however, in the past, we have adjusted menu prices to compensate for increased costs of a more permanent nature. 

Payroll and Benefits include payroll and related costs and expenses directly relating to restaurant level activities, including restaurant management salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation, 401(k) contribution match, hourly wages for restaurant level team members, payroll taxes,
workers compensation, various health, life and dental insurance programs, vacation expense and sick pay. We have various incentive plans that compensate restaurant management for achieving certain restaurant level financial targets and performance goals. 

Restaurant Operating Costs include occupancy and other expenses at the restaurant level, except property and equipment depreciation and amortization. In addition to occupancy costs, supplies, straight-line rent, supervisory salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation, 401(k) and deferred
compensation match for multi-unit operational employees, and related expenses, management training salaries, general liability and property insurance, property taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, outside services and credit card fees account for the major expenses in this category. 

Advertising and Marketing Expenses include all advertising and marketing-related expenses for the various programs that we utilize to promote traffic and brand recognition for our three restaurant concepts. This category also includes the administrative costs of our marketing departments.
We expense advertising and marketing costs in the year incurred, except for certain advertising production costs that are initially capitalized and subsequently expensed the first time the advertising takes place. 

General and Administrative Expenses include the costs of the administrative functions that support the existing restaurant base and provide the infrastructure for future growth. Executive management and support staff salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation, 401(k) and deferred
compensation match for support employees, benefits, and related expenses, data processing, legal and accounting expenses, changes in the liabilities associated with our non-qualified deferred compensation plan, and office expenses account for the major expenses in this category. This category also includes all recruiting, relocation and most severance-related expenses. Severance costs associated with the 2009 sale of the Ninety Nine restaurant distribution operations and the 2007 supply chain restructuring
are included in the Impairment, Disposal and Restructuring Charges, net line. 

Depreciation and Amortization, Property and Equipment primarily includes depreciation on property and equipment calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or the lease term plus one renewal term for leasehold improvements, if shorter.
Based on the size of the investment that we make, the economic penalty incurred by discontinuing use of the leased facility, our historical experience with respect to the length of time a restaurant operates at a specific location, and leases that typically have multiple five-year renewal options that are exercised entirely at our discretion, we have concluded that one five-year renewal option is reasonably assured. During fiscal 2008 and 2007, this also included accelerated depreciation expenses taken on assets
to be disposed of during our re-branding activities . 

Impairment, Disposal and Restructuring Charges, net includes asset impairments, either operating or held for sale, asset disposals, gains and losses incurred upon the sale of assets, and to a lesser extent, various costs associated with restructuring our supply chain. Impairment charges
are taken for land, buildings and equipment and certain other assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. The impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset based upon the future highest and best use of the impaired asset. Impairment charges for assets that are held for sale represents the difference between their current book value and the estimated net sales proceeds. Disposal charges include the costs incurred to prepare the asset or assets for sale, including repair and maintenance; clean up costs; broker commissions; and independent appraisals. Gains and/or losses associated with the sale of assets are also included in this category. 

We evaluate restaurant closures for potential disclosure as discontinued operations based on an assessment of quantitative and qualitative factors, including the nature of the closure, potential for revenue migration to other company-operated and franchised restaurants, planned market development in the area of the closed restaurant and
the significance of the impact on the related consolidated financial statement line items. 

23 

Goodwill Impairment represents the impairment associated with goodwill as events and circumstances result in a carrying value in excess of fair value. 

Pre-opening Costs represent costs associated with our store opening teams, as well as other costs associated with opening a new restaurant. These costs are expensed as incurred. These costs also include straight-line rent related to leased properties from the period of time between
when we have waived any contingencies regarding use of the leased property and the date on which the restaurant opens. The amount of pre-opening costs incurred in any one period includes costs incurred during the period for restaurants opened and under development. Our pre-opening costs may vary significantly from period to period primarily due to the timing of restaurant development and openings. Pre-opening costs also include training, supply, and other incremental costs necessary to prepare for
the re-opening of an existing restaurant as part of re-branding or re-modeling initiatives. 

Interest Expense, net represents the sum of the following: interest on our 9 percent senior subordinated notes due 2013 (the Notes interest and fees associated with our credit facility; amortization of prepaid interest and finance charges; impact of the interest
rate swaps that were terminated in December 2008; amortization of the swap exit payment; changes in the value of the assets associated with our non-qualified deferred compensation plan resulting from gains and losses in the underlying funds; and interest on capital lease obligations. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) represents the provision for income taxes, including the impact of permanent tax differences and valuation allowances on our income tax provision. 

24 

Results of Operations 

The following information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere herein. The following table reflects our operating results for fiscal years 2009, 2008, and 2007 as a percentage of total revenues unless otherwise indicated. All fiscal years were comprised
of 52 weeks. 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Revenues: 

Restaurant sales 

99.9 

99.9 

99.2 

Commissary sales 

0.8 

Franchise and other revenue 

0.1 

0.1 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of restaurant sales: (1) 

Cost of food and beverage 

29.2 

29.7 

29.3 

Payroll and benefits 

35.4 

35.0 

34.2 

Restaurant operating costs 

20.0 

20.2 

19.1 

Cost of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization shown separately below 

84.6 

84.9 

82.6 

Cost of commissary sales (2) 

0.8 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

3.7 

3.7 

3.3 

General and administrative expenses 

4.4 

4.8 

5.0 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

5.4 

5.5 

5.2 

Impairment, disposal, and restructuring charges, net 

1.3 

1.8 

1.7 

Goodwill impairment 

10.1 

Pre-opening costs 

0.1 

0.4 

0.3 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

0.7 

(11.0) 

1.8 

Other Expense: 

Interest expense, net 

1.3 

1.6 

1.3 

(Loss) Earnings Before Income Taxes 

(0.6) 

(12.6) 

0.6 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

0.2 

1.6 

(0.2) 

Net (Loss) Earnings 

(0.8) 

(14.2) 

0.7 

(1) 

Shown as a percentage of restaurant sales. 

(2) 

Cost of commissary sales as a percentage of commissary sales was 98.8 percent for fiscal year 2007. 

25 

The following information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere herein. The following table reflects the margin performance of each of our concepts for fiscal years 2009, 2008, and 2007 as a percentage of restaurant sales for each respective concept. All
fiscal years were comprised of 52 weeks. 

2009 

2008 

2007 

in millions) 

O Charley s Concept: (1) 

Restaurant Sales: 

565.2 

593.9 

618.2 

Cost and expenses (2) 

Cost of food and beverage 

29.1 

29.4 

29.1 

Payroll and benefits 

35.3 

34.9 

34.1 

Restaurant operating costs (3) 

19.0 

19.5 

18.6 

Costs of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization 

83.4 

83.8 

81.8 

Ninety Nine Concept: 

Restaurant Sales: 

281.8 

299.5 

311.3 

Cost and expenses (2) 

Cost of food and beverage 

28.6 

29.1 

28.7 

Payroll and benefits 

36.5 

36.1 

35.4 

Restaurant operating costs (3) 

21.6 

21.8 

20.1 

Costs of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization 

86.7 

87.0 

84.2 

Stoney River Concept: 

Restaurant Sales: 

32.9 

37.0 

40.0 

Cost and expenses (2) 

Cost of food and beverage 

36.2 

37.9 

37.5 

Payroll and benefits 

29.3 

28.7 

27.4 

Restaurant operating costs (3) 

20.7 

18.6 

17.0 

Costs of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization 

86.2 

85.2 

81.9 

(1) Includes revenue from O Charley s joint venture operations of 5.4 million, 7.8 million and 8.9 million for fiscal years ended 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and associated costs and expenses, but excludes revenue
from franchised restaurants. During 2009, we acquired the remaining interests of both our joint venture operations. See Note 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to this matter. 

(2) Shown as a percentage of restaurant sales. 

(3) Includes rent, where 100 percent of the Ninety Nine restaurant locations are leased as compared to 58 percent for O Charley s and 73 percent for Stoney River. 

26 

The following tables set forth certain unaudited financial and other restaurant data relating to company-owned restaurants, unless otherwise specified: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Number of Restaurants: 

O Charley s Restaurants: (1) 

In operation, beginning of year 

232 

229 

227 

Restaurants opened/acquired (2) 

3 

4 

5 

Restaurants closed 

(1) 
 
 (3) 
 
 In operation, end of year 

235 

232 

229 

Ninety Nine Restaurants: 

In operation, beginning of year 

116 

115 

114 

Restaurants opened 

1 

2 

2 

Restaurants closed 

(1) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (1) 
 
 In operation, end of year 

116 

116 

115 

Stoney River Restaurants: 

In operation, beginning of year 

11 

10 

10 

Restaurants opened 

1 

1 

Restaurants closed 

(1) 

In operation, end of year 

11 

11 

10 

Franchise / Joint Venture Restaurants (O Charley s): 

In operation, beginning of year 

12 

11 

10 

Restaurants opened 

2 

1 

3 

Restaurants closed/ acquired (2) 

(4) 

(2) 
 
 In operation, end of year 

10 

12 

11 

Average Weekly Sales per Store: 

O Charley s 

46,189 

49,101 

51,144 

Ninety Nine 

46,734 

49,922 

52,629 

Stoney River 

59,456 

70,018 

76,883 

(Decrease) Increase in Same Store Sales (3): 

O Charley s 

(5.8) 
 
 (4.1) 
 
 (2.3) 
 
 Ninety Nine 

(6.8) 
 
 (5.2) 
 
 0.9 

Stoney River 

(16.4) 
 
 (9.1) 
 
 (1.3) 
 
 Decrease in Same Store Guest Visits (3): 

O Charley s 

(4.8) 
 
 (6.6) 
 
 (6.8) 
 
 Ninety Nine 

(4.7) 
 
 (7.4) 
 
 (2.9) 
 
 Stoney River 

(4.7) 
 
 (14.5) 
 
 (8.0) 
 
 (Decrease) Increase in Same Store Average Check per Guest (3): 

O Charley s 

(1.1) 
 
 2.7 

4.8 

Ninety Nine 

(2.2) 
 
 2.4 

3.9 

Stoney River 

(12.3) 
 
 6.3 

7.2 

Average Check per Guest (4): 

O Charley s 

12.85 

12.99 

12.65 

Ninety Nine 

14.61 

14.97 

14.64 

Stoney River 

41.20 

47.72 

44.62 

(1) 

O Charley s Restaurants refers to O Charley s company-operated restaurants only. 

(2) 

Represents the acquisition of the remaining ownership interests in our Wi-Tenn Restaurants, LLC joint venture on June 2, 2009 and JFC Enterprises, LLC joint venture on September 28, 2009. See Note 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to this matter. 

(3) 

When computing same store sales, guest visits and average check per guest, restaurants open for at least 78 weeks are compared from period to period for company-owned restaurants. 

(4) 

The average check per guest is computed using all restaurants open during the year. 

27 

Fiscal Year 2009 Compared with Fiscal Year 2008 

Overview 

The comparison between our financial results in 2009 and our financial results in 2008 was impacted by a number of developments in such years. We continued to experience declines in same store sales and average weekly sales at each of our concepts due to the economic environment during fiscal 2009. During fiscal 2009, there were impairment,
disposal and restructuring charges of 11.4 million and charges of 6.5 million of additional valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. During fiscal 2008, there were goodwill impairment charges of 93.7 million, charges of 61.6 million to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, 17.0 million of impairment, disposal and restructuring charges and severance charges from organizational changes in our support centers of 4.0 million. 

Revenues 

The economic environment continued to negatively impact our sales and guest counts in 2009. During 2009, total revenues decreased 50.3 million, or 5.4 percent, to 880.8 million from 931.2 million in 2008. In 2009, average check and guest visits decreased at all of our concepts. We believe that the decrease in guest counts
and average weekly check was due primarily to weak consumer demand caused by the current economic environment. As consumers became more value conscious, we offered a greater variety of lower priced menu options and discounts. We opened two company-owned restaurants and closed two company-owned restaurants during fiscal 2009. 

O Charley s company-operated restaurant sales decreased 26.3 million, or 4.5 percent, to 559.8 million during 2009, compared to 586.1 million in 2008. During 2009, same store sales for O Charley s company-operated restaurants declined 5.8 percent, which was comprised of a decrease in guest counts of 4.8 percent
and a decline in average check of 1.1 percent. During 2009, we did not open any new company-owned O Charley s restaurants; however, three former joint venture restaurants were acquired during fiscal 2009. 

Ninety Nine restaurant sales decreased 17.7 million, or 5.9 percent, to 281.8 million during 2009, compared to 299.5 million in 2008. During 2009, same store sales declined 6.8 percent, which was comprised of a decrease in guest counts of 4.7 percent and a decline in average check of 2.2 percent. During 2009, we added one
new restaurant and closed one Ninety Nine restaurant. 

Stoney River restaurant sales decreased 4.1 million, or 11.1 percent, to 32.9 million during 2009, compared to 37.0 million in 2008. During 2009, same store sales declined 16.4 percent, which was comprised of a decrease in guest counts of 4.7 percent and a decline in average check of 12.3 percent. During 2009, we added one
new restaurant and closed one Stoney River restaurant. 

Cost of Food and Beverage 

During 2009, our cost of food and beverage was 256.8 million, or 29.2 percent of restaurant sales, compared with 276.0 million, or 29.7 percent of restaurant sales in 2008. This 50 basis point improvement in food and beverage cost as a percentage of restaurant sales in 2009 reflects lower commodity costs, as well as changes made to our
product specifications and leveraging our theoretical food cost system, partially offset by higher discounts compared to the prior year. 

Payroll and Benefits 

During 2009, payroll and benefits were 311.8 million, or 35.4 percent of restaurant sales, compared to 326.0 million, or 35.0 percent of restaurant sales in 2008. The increase in payroll and benefit costs as a percentage of restaurant sales was due to the de-leveraging impact of lower average weekly sales of 90 basis points,
partially offset by the positive impact of our labor cost management system, reduced turnover resulting in lower training expense, and reduction in the cost of our employee benefit plans of 50 basis points. 

Restaurant Operating Costs 

During 2009, restaurant operating costs were 175.5 million, or 20.0 percent of restaurant sales, compared to 188.0 million, or 20.2 percent of restaurant sales in 2008. Reductions in general liability insurance expense, employee procurement and training costs due to reduced levels of employee turnover, as well as reductions
in our utility costs, resulted in a 60 basis point improvement as a percentage of restaurant sales. This improvement was partly offset by the de-leveraging impact of reduced sales on rent and other fixed costs of 40 basis points. 

Advertising and Marketing Expenses 

During 2009, advertising and marketing expenditures were 32.7 million, or 3.7 percent of total revenues, compared to 34.3 million, or 3.7 percent of total revenues in 2008. Advertising and marketing expenditures, as a percent of total revenues, were essentially flat over the same prior year period. 

28 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses decreased 13.4 percent to 38.3 million in 2009 from 44.3 million in 2008, and as a percentage of total revenues, decreased to 4.4 percent from 4.8 percent in the prior-year. This net 40 basis point decrease in general and administrative expenses is the result of the reduction in support staffing late
in 2008, a company-wide salary freeze implemented at the end of fiscal 2008, and other reductions in spending of 60 basis points, partly offset by increases in the value of deferred compensation from investment performance of the participant s self-directed accounts of 20 basis points. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 47.3 million or 5.4 percent of total revenues, as compared to 50.8 million, or 5.5 percent of total revenues, in 2008. This reduction in expense is primarily due to lower carrying values of assets following restaurant impairments charges recognized in the prior year, as well as reduced
capital expenditures compared to the prior year. 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net were 11.4 million or 1.3 percent of revenue in 2009, compared to 17.0 million or 1.8 percent of revenue in 2008. In 2009 we recorded impairment charges with respect to eight O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants and one Stoney River restaurant, of which one
O Charley s restaurant and three Ninety Nine restaurants closed subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009 and we plan to close two additional Ninety Nine restaurants (the other impaired restaurants are expected to remain open). We also recorded additional impairment charges on the corporate airplane that we sold during fiscal 2009 and the one Stoney River restaurant closed during fiscal 2009. The current economic environment, reduced consumer spending, and current negative economic outlook have reduced
demand and expected future cash flow for our products, reducing the fair value of these restaurants below their carrying value. The excess carrying value of the restaurants was recorded as an impairment charge on our statement of operations. In 2009 we also sold our Ninety Nine distribution operations and recognized restructuring charges of 0.4 million. In 2008 we recorded impairment charges with respect to seven O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants and two Stoney River
restaurants, of which one Stoney River restaurant closed during fiscal 2009, while the remaining impaired restaurants have remained open, as well as the corporate airplane. The excess carrying value of the restaurants and airplane was recorded as an impairment charge on our statement of operations. 

Goodwill Impairment 

Due to the negative economic environment, the declining financial performance of other casual dining restaurant companies, as well as lower sales and higher commodity costs during 2008, we believed the goodwill related to the acquisitions of the Ninety Nine and Stoney River restaurants had indicators of impairment. Therefore, during fiscal
2008, we tested for and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 93.1 million related to our Ninety Nine Restaurants and 0.6 million related to our Stoney River restaurants. As a result, all related goodwill was written off and accordingly was zero as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008. 

Pre-opening Costs 

During 2009, our pre-opening costs decreased 3.3 million to 0.6 million, or 0.1 percent of total revenues, compared with 3.9 million, or 0.4 percent of total revenues, in 2008. This decrease in pre-opening costs was the result of fewer new restaurant openings and the suspension of our re-branding initiatives. During fiscal
2009 we opened one new Ninety Nine restaurant and one new Stoney River restaurant and closed one Ninety Nine and one Stoney River restaurant. 

Interest Expense, net 

Our net interest expense was 11.6 million or 1.3 percent of total revenues in 2009, as compared to 15.0 million, or 1.6 percent of total revenues in 2008. This 30 basis point improvement is primarily due to an approximate 40 basis point increase in earnings in the value of deferred compensation related to investment performance of the
participant s self-directed accounts, offset by the net reduction in interest income from swap arrangements which ended in fiscal 2008. Since December 28, 2008, we have paid off our revolver balance of 23.8 million, paid down our capital lease obligations by 6.3 million, and paid down other borrowings by approximately 0.4 million. As of the end of the fiscal year we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 

Income Taxes 

For 2009 we have recorded income tax expense of 2.1 million, compared with 14.8 million of tax expense in the prior year. We estimate that the tax credits for 2009, which are primarily the FICA tip credits and the Work Opportunity Tax Credit WOTC ), will be approximately 8.2 million. Included in the tax expense
of 2.1 million is a charge of 6.5 million for recording a deferred income tax valuation allowance to offset the current year increase in deferred tax assets. Under FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes FASB ASC 740 ),we are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. In
making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. As a result of the goodwill impairment charge in 2008 and the current year loss, we continue to have a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss in 2009. A cumulative pre-tax loss is given more weight than projections of future income, and a recent historical cumulative loss is considered a significant factor that is difficult to overcome. 

29 

The deferred tax valuation allowance may be released in future years when we consider that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. To form a conclusion that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized, we will need to periodically evaluate all available evidence,
such as whether future taxable income and reversal of temporary differences, provides sufficient positive evidence to offset any potential negative evidence that may exist at such time, including our three-year cumulative pre-tax loss. In the event the deferred tax valuation allowance is released, we would record an income tax benefit for the portion or all of the deferred tax valuation allowance released. 

Fiscal Year 2008 Compared with Fiscal Year 2007 

Overview 

The comparison between our financial results in 2008 and our financial results in 2007 was impacted by a number of developments in such years. Goodwill impairment charges of 93.7 million, charges of 61.6 million to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, and severance charges from organizational changes in our
support centers of 4.0 million reduced our income from operations in 2008. Impairment, severance, and transition charges relating to the sale of the commissary and other supply chain changes reduced our income from operations in 2007 by 10.2 million. Severance, recruiting and relocation charges relating to our organizational changes reduced income from operations in 2007 by 2.6 million. 

The comparison between our financial results in 2008 and our financial results in 2007 was also impacted by restaurant impairment charges in both years. During 2008 we recorded impairment charges for 19 restaurants, of which one closed during fiscal 2009 while the remaining impaired restaurants
have remained open. These asset impairment charges reduced income from operations in 2008 by 17.0 million, net of gains on related asset sales. In comparison, during 2007 we recorded impairment charges for one restaurant that we closed and for five restaurants that have remained open. These asset impairment charges, net of gains on related asset sales, reduced income from operations in 2007 by 6.3 million. All of these restaurant impairment charges, as well as impairment charges connected
with changes in our supply chain, are reflected in impairment, disposal, and restructuring charges, net. 

Revenues 

2008 saw a continued slow down in the U.S. economy as consumers continued to react to declining home prices, rising unemployment, increased prices for energy and food, and turbulence in the financial markets. These trends had a negative impact on our sales and guest counts in 2008. During 2008, total revenues decreased
 46.6 million, or 4.8 percent, to 931.2 million from 977.8 million in 2007. In 2008, we increased average check at all of our concepts, which was more than offset by a decrease in guest visits at all of our concepts. The increase in average check was attributable to increases in menu prices and changes in product mix. We believe that the decrease in guest counts was due primarily to weak consumer demand caused by the current economic environment. We had a net addition of five company-owned
restaurants in 2008. 

O Charley s company-operated restaurant sales decreased 23.2 million, or 3.8 percent, to 586.1 million during 2008, as compared to 609.3 million in 2007. During 2008, same store sales for O Charley s company-operated restaurants declined 4.1 percent, which was comprised of a decrease in guest counts of 6.6 percent,
partially offset by an increase in average check of 2.7 percent. During 2008, we added four new company-operated O Charley s restaurants and closed one company-operated O Charley s restaurant. 

Ninety Nine restaurant sales decreased 11.8 million, or 3.8 percent, to 299.5 million during 2008, as compared to 311.3 million in 2007. During 2008, same store sales declined 5.2 percent, which was comprised of a decrease in guest counts of 7.4 percent, partially offset by an increase in average check of 2.4 percent. During
2008, we added two new restaurants and closed one Ninety Nine restaurant. 

Stoney River restaurant sales decreased 3.0 million, or 7.5 percent, to 37.0 million during 2008, as compared to 40.0 million in 2007. During 2008, Stoney River experienced a same store sales decrease of 9.1 percent, which was comprised of a decrease in guest counts of 14.5 percent, partially offset by an increase in average
check of 6.3 percent. During 2008, we added one new Stoney River restaurant. 

Cost of Food and Beverage 

During 2008, our cost of food and beverage was 276.0 million, or 29.7 percent of restaurant sales, compared with 284.1 million, or 29.3 percent of restaurant sales, in 2007. This 40 basis point increase in food and beverage cost as a percentage of sales in 2008 reflects the impact of increased discount, promotion, and coupon activity
designed to drive sales, higher costs on most food commodities specifically, beef, poultry and seafood, and higher fuel-related distribution costs. 

30 

Payroll and Benefits 

During 2008, payroll and benefits were 326.0 million, or 35.0 percent of restaurant sales, compared to 331.6 million, or 34.2 percent of restaurant sales in 2007. The increase in payroll and benefit costs as a percentage of restaurant sales was due to the de-leveraging impact of the reductions in guest counts, higher employee
benefit costs and higher management labor expense on a reduced sales base. 

Restaurant Operating Costs 

During 2008, restaurant operating costs were 188.0 million, or 20.2 percent of restaurant sales, compared to 184.8 million, or 19.1 percent of restaurant sales in 2007. This 110 basis point increase, as a percentage of restaurant sales, was primarily the result of an increase in utility costs and the de-leveraging impact of
reduced sales on other fixed costs, such as rent. 

Advertising and Marketing Expenses 

During 2008, advertising and marketing expenditures increased 5.5 percent to 34.3 million from 32.5 million in 2007 and, as a percentage of total revenues, increased to 3.7 percent from 3.3 percent in 2007. This 40 basis point increase, as a percentage of sales, was primarily attributable to our decision to increase spending at the O Charley s
concept in an effort to drive sales in the current economic environment, as well as the de-leveraging impact of reduced sales. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses decreased 9.0 percent to 44.3 million in 2008 from 48.7 million in 2007, and as a percentage of total revenues, decreased to 4.8 percent from 5.0 percent in the prior-year. This net 20 basis point decrease in general and administrative expense is the result of several partly offsetting items. General
and administrative expenses decreased due to changes in the value of deferred compensation from the investment performance of the participant s self-directed accounts and effective spending controls, partly offset by increased share-based compensation expense and severance costs. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 50.8 million or 5.5 percent of total revenues, as compared to 50.9 million, or 5.2 percent of total revenues, in 2007. Deprecation and amortization expense was essentially flat over the same prior year period; however, as a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization was higher
as a result of the de-leveraging impact of reduced sales. 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net were 17.0 million or 1.8 percent of revenue in 2008, compared to 16.5 million or 1.7 percent of revenue in 2007. In 2008 we recorded impairment charges with respect to seven O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants and two Stoney River restaurants, of which
one Stoney River restaurant closed during fiscal 2009, while the remaining impaired restaurants have remained open, as well as our remaining airplane. The economic environment, reduced consumer spending, and current negative economic outlook have reduced demand and expected future cash flow for our products, therefore, reduced the fair value of these restaurants, as well as the airplane, below their carrying value. The excess carrying value of the restaurants and airplane was recorded as an impairment
charge on our statement of operations. In 2007 these charges included 10.2 million in connection with changes in our supply chain which primarily consisted of non-cash charges taken for the loss on the sale of the commissary real estate and facility and related impairment of manufacturing equipment; charges taken for employee severance and retention; and to a lesser extent, legal and transition costs. We also recorded impairment and disposal costs of 6.3 million relating to restaurant
re-brandings, restaurant impairments and other asset retirements during 2007. Included in the 6.3 million charge were the impairments related to three underperforming O Charley s restaurants, two of which subsequently closed, and the impairment of one Stoney River restaurant which remains open, and two Ninety Nine restaurants that were subsequently closed. 

Goodwill Impairment 

We test goodwill and intangible assets for potential impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. Due to the decrease of our enterprise market value, the current economic environment, the negative financial performance of other casual dining restaurant companies, and lower sales and
higher commodity costs at the Ninety Nine restaurants, we believed the goodwill related to the 2003 acquisition of the Ninety Nine restaurants was potentially impaired. Upon testing for impairment we concluded that the carrying value exceeded the fair value. Therefore, during fiscal 2008 we recognized an impairment charge of 93.1 million. We also tested the goodwill of our Stoney River restaurants and recorded an impairment charge of 0.6 million resulting in the write off of all of the goodwill on
our balance sheet. After these impairment charges, no goodwill remained on the balance sheet as of December 28, 2008. 

Pre-opening Costs 

During 2008, our pre-opening costs increased 0.8 million to 3.9 million, or 0.4 percent of total revenues, compared with 3.1 million, or 0.3 percent of total revenues, in 2007. This increase in pre-opening costs was due primarily to an increase in the number of new store construction and re-branding initiatives. During 2008 we completed
33 O Charley s and 20 Ninety Nine re-brandings. Since inception of the re-branding initiatives, we have completed a total of 62 re-brandings at our O Charley s restaurants, and 62 re-brandings at our Ninety Nine restaurants. We have suspended our re-branding initiatives until economic conditions improve. . 

31 

Interest Expense, net 

Our net interest expense was 15.0 million in 2008, as compared to 12.3 million in 2007. This change from the prior year was primarily the result of changes in the value of deferred compensation balances, 23.8 million of borrowings under our credit facility, and fees, charges, and write-offs of previously deferred finance costs
related to third and fourth amendments to our credit facility and a reduction in our borrowing capacity. At the end of 2007, we did not have any borrowings under our credit facility. 

Income Taxes 

For 2008 we recorded income tax expense of 14.8 million, compared with 1.7 million of tax benefit in the prior year. We estimate that the tax credits for 2008, which were primarily the FICA tip credits and the Work Opportunity Tax Credit WOTC ), were approximately 7.5
million. Included in the tax expense of 14.8 million is a charge of 61.6 million to establish a deferred income tax valuation allowance on substantially all of our deferred tax assets. We are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. As
a result of the goodwill impairment charge, we have a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss. A cumulative pre-tax loss is given more weight than projections of future income, and a recent historical cumulative loss is considered a significant factor that is difficult to overcome. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of capital have historically been cash provided by operations, borrowings under our credit facilities and capital leases. Our principal capital needs have historically arisen from property and equipment additions, acquisitions, and payments on long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations. In addition,
we lease a substantial number of our restaurants under operating leases and have substantial operating lease obligations. Like many restaurant companies, our working capital has historically had current liabilities in excess of current assets due to collection of our sales being received in four days or less while our typical accounts payable turnover, excluding food invoices, averages thirty days. We do not believe this indicates a lack of liquidity. We have slowed our restaurant development
in recent years in order to focus on improving the performance of our existing restaurants and reducing our debt. In addition, during the third quarter of fiscal 2008, we suspended our re-branding initiatives in light of then current economic conditions. As a result of these reductions in investment, we have increased our cash balances and, as of December 27, 2009, we have reduced our working capital deficit by 14.9 million since the end of fiscal 2008. We opened one Ninety Nine
restaurant and one Stoney River restaurant during fiscal 2009 and did not open any company-owned O Charley s restaurants in fiscal 2009. We have no plans to develop any new restaurants in 2010. 

The following table presents a summary of our cash flows for the last three years: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

48,392 

54,336 

65,651 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(6,648) 

(43,113) 

(37,158) 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 

(26,682) 

(14,387) 

(38,434) 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

15,062 

(3,164) 

(9,941) 

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased in 2009 from 2008 by approximately 11 percent, or 5.9 million, from 54.3 million to 48.4 million. This reduction in net cash provided by operating activities is due to a 3.7 million reduction in net earnings, after adjusting for non-cash charges, and a 2.2 million net reduction
in the change in working capital and other long-term assets and liabilities over the prior year. As discussed above in the Overview section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sales have been negatively impacted by economic trends resulting in lower operating income. The remaining 2.2 million decrease in net cash provided by operations is primarily due to partly offsetting changes in accounts payable and inventory. Accounts
payable decreased due to reductions to credit balances with certain financial institutions, the outsourcing of our Bellingham, Massachusetts distribution operations during 2009, and lower construction payables due to less construction activity at the end of 2009 as compared to 2008. Partly offsetting accounts payable were reductions in inventory due to the phase out of our Bellingham, Massachusetts distribution operations and the use of inventory resulting from 2008 buying opportunities. 

The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement contains customary restrictive covenants, including limitations on dividends, repurchases of capital stock, sale leaseback transactions, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and mergers, acquisitions and asset sales. In addition,
the Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants. At December 27, 2009, we had no amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement and 14.3 million in letters of credit, which reduced our available borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to our Credit Agreement, we had 68.7 million in remaining capacity at December 27, 2009. As of the end of our 2009 fiscal year, there were no defaults under the Credit Agreement and we were in compliance with all covenants. 

32 

We believe that our various sources of capital, including cash flow from operating activities, availability under our credit facility, and the ability to acquire additional financing, are adequate to fund our capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. As of the end of fiscal year 2008, the balances on our revolving
credit facility and capital lease obligations were 23.8 million and 9.7 million, respectively. As of the end of fiscal 2009, there were no amounts outstanding on our revolving credit facility and 3.4 million outstanding on our capital lease obligations. We do not expect to rely on our credit facility as a significant source of funds during fiscal year 2010. 

Subsequent to our fiscal 2009 year end, on January 26, 2010 we entered into our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to enhance our financial flexibility. The maximum borrowing capacity was reduced from 83 million (which was already scheduled to be reduced to 65 million on April 18, 2010) to 45 million. The
prior Credit Agreement had participation from nine regional and national bank organizations, while the current credit agreement has participation from three regional and national bank organizations. The maximum adjusted leverage ratio was reduced from 5.50 to 5.25. The definitions of adjusted leverage ratio and senior secured ratio have been changed, and the growth of capital expenditures is limited to 15 of EBITDA in 2010 and 30 of EBITDA in subsequent years. Under the amended credit agreement,
we are permitted to repurchase our 9 senior subordinated notes due in 2013, subject to certain limitations. The amended credit agreement also reduced the number of our company-owned restaurants subject to collateral mortgages from 88 to 47. The amended credit agreement also resets the restricted payments basket for dividends and bond repurchases, however, such payments are currently restricted by our bond indenture. The amended credit agreement also permits sale-leaseback transactions, subject
to certain limitations. In the event of a disruption or cessation of operations by one or more participants in our credit facility, rendering them unable to fund their portion of any credit facility drawings, we believe that the available capacity from the other banks in the credit facility would be sufficient to permit us to continue meeting our current obligations and funding our operating activities. 

We have four separate lease agreements that cover lease arrangements for an aggregate of 30 of our Ninety Nine restaurants, each of which contains a fixed charge covenant calculation. Each of the four restaurant groups are subject to an annual fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.50 to 1.00.
The fixed charge coverage ratio for one of the leases, which includes six Ninety Nine restaurants, was 1.48 to 1.00, which was below the required 1.50 to 1.00 minimum. In order to remain in compliance, we were required to make a rent prepayment of approximately 111,000. The other three leases covering the remaining 24 restaurants exceeded the 1.50 to 1.00 minimum. 

In 2009 and 2008, net cash flows used by investing activities included capital expenditures incurred principally for building new restaurants, improvements to existing restaurants, and improvements in our information systems. We did not finance any capital expenditures during 2009. Capital expenditures for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
excluding new computer equipment financed through capital lease obligations in 2008, were as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 27, 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

New restaurant capital expenditures 

3,053 

18,572 

18,542 

Re-branding capital expenditures 

18,223 

17,943 

Other capital expenditures 

11,611 

10,605 

15,514 

Total capital expenditures 

14,664 

47,400 

51,998 

We project depreciation and amortization expense of between 42 million and 44 million for fiscal 2010 and capital expenditures of between 14 million and 16 million for fiscal 2010. 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 

The following tables set forth our contractual obligations and commercial commitments at December 27, 2009. 

Payments Due by Period 

Less 

More 

than 

than 

Contractual Obligation 

Total 

1 Yr 

1-3 Yrs 

3-5 Yrs 

5 Years 

Long-term debt, excluding credit facility 

125,689 

338 

351 

125,000 

Long-term debt interest (1) 

42,269 

10,558 

21,078 

10,633 

Capitalized lease obligations (2) 

3,603 

1,763 

1,840 

Operating leases 

372,452 

33,033 

65,217 

64,202 

210,000 

Uncertain tax positions 

3,289 

1,590 

1,699 

Unconditional purchase obligations (3) 

275,599 

68,319 

143,371 

54,226 

9,683 

Total contractual obligations 

822,901 

114,011 

233,447 

255,760 

219,683 

33 

Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period 

Other Commercial Commitments 

Total Committed 

Less 

 Than 

 1 Yr 

1-3 Yrs 

3-5 Yrs 

More 

 Than 

 5 Years 

Line of credit (4) 

83,000 

83,000 

(1) 

This interest primarily relates to our 125 million senior subordinated notes with stated interest rate of 9 percent. In December 2008, the counterparties to our swap agreements exercised their right to exit the agreement in exchange for a 3.5 million payment of the remaining swap value. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), the 3.5 million will be recognized
over the life of the senior subordinated notes. 

(2) 

Capitalized lease obligations include a 0.2 million interest component. 

(3) 

These purchase obligations are primarily food obligations with fixed commitments in regards to the time period of the contract with annual price adjustments that can fluctuate and a fixed beverage contract with an annual price adjustment. In situations where the price is based on market prices, we use the existing market prices at December 27, 2009 to determine the amount of the obligation. Total unconditional purchase
obligations shown are based on variable pricing that is adjusted annually. 

(4) 

This pertains to the credit facility that existed at December 27, 2009. At December 27, 2009, we had no amounts outstanding on this credit facility. We had 14.3 million of outstanding letters of credit as of December 27, 2009. As of December 27, 2009, we had 68.7 million remaining borrowing capacity under our credit facility. 

Joint Ventures and Franchise Arrangements 

In connection with our franchising initiative, we had entered into joint venture arrangements to develop and operate O Charley s restaurants. For any franchisee or joint venture partner in which we had an ownership interest, we made loans to the joint venture entity and/or guarantee certain of its debt and obligations. 

Under FASB ASC 810, Consolidation FASB ASC 810 both joint ventures were considered variable interest entities, as we did not anticipate them having sufficient equity to fund their operations. Since we bore a disproportionate share of the financial risk
associated with the joint ventures, we were deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the joint ventures, and in accordance with FASB ASC 810 we consolidated the joint ventures in our consolidated financial statements. 

On June 2, 2009, the Company purchased the remaining interest in the Wi-Tenn Restaurants, LLC joint venture from Wi-Tenn Investors, LLC for 50,000. The joint venture had operated one O Charley s restaurant in Grand Chute, Wisconsin. This location has become
a company-owned restaurant and is expected to remain open. 

On September 28, 2009, the Company purchased the remaining interest in the JFC Enterprises, LLC joint venture from the joint venture partner for 250,000. The joint venture had operated two O Charley s restaurants in the southern Louisiana area. These locations
have become company-owned restaurants and are expected to remain open. The Company had no joint venture agreements as of December 27, 2009. 

On December 30, 2003, we entered into a multi-unit franchise agreement with Meritage Hospitality Group, Inc. Meritage ), which currently operates four O Charley s restaurants in Michigan. The agreement specifies that Meritage is to develop a total of 15 new O Charley s restaurants. 

On March 28, 2005, we entered into a development agreement with Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC and Michael R. Johnson. Under the terms of the agreement, Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC had the right to develop and operate up to ten new O Charley s restaurants over the next six years in certain markets in Iowa, Nebraska, and
parts of Topeka, Kansas and Eastern South Dakota. Additionally, pursuant to a Special Assistance Agreement dated November 3, 2008, we agreed to provide certain financial and other accommodations to Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC, including temporary royalty relief and the return of a portion of the pre-paid development fees. Under this agreement all territorial rights and grants under the Development Agreement were revoked and terminated. During 2007, this franchisee opened one restaurant in Des Moines,
Iowa and we recognized development fees of 50,000 in income. Upon termination of the Special Assistance Agreement on October 23, 2009 for default, the pre-paid development fees were forfeited and we closed the one restaurant in West Des Moines, Iowa; otherwise, we did not recognize development fee income in 2008 or 2009. 

On May 18, 2005, we entered into a development agreement with O Candall Group, Inc. and Sam Covelli. Under the terms of the agreement, O Candall Group, Inc. and/or certain of its affiliates have the right to develop and operate up to 50 new O Charley s restaurants by November 2013. The development plans
focus on the Tampa, Florida, Orlando, Florida, Western Pennsylvania, Northwest West Virginia and Northern Ohio markets. As of December 27, 2009, the O Candall Group, Inc. operates five O Charley s restaurants. 

34 

The franchising arrangement requires us to provide access to certain contractual arrangements that we have with our vendors in order for the franchisee to benefit from those contracts. The development fees for the franchisee are 50,000 each for the initial restaurants and 25,000 each for the remaining restaurants in each of its five granted
areas. The franchisee is also required to pay a franchise fee and marketing fund fee that are based on a percentage of sales. Pursuant to the arrangement, the franchisee was required to pay 500,000 as development fees at the closing of the agreement, which represents a portion of the fees associated with the 50 restaurants agreed upon. The franchisee is required to pay the remaining amount of the development fees to us as each new restaurant opens. The Company recognized income of 100,000 in development fees
in 2009 for the opening of two restaurants and 50,000 in development fees for fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2007 related to the opening of a franchised restaurant in each of those fiscal years. The remaining development fees paid have been deferred and will be recognized in income as each restaurant opens. 

On February 1, 2007, we entered into an Operating Agreement with Delaware North Companies Travel Hospitality Services DNC ). Under the terms of the agreement, DNC and/or certain of its affiliates developed and operate one O Charley s Restaurant in the Nashville International Airport located in Nashville Tennessee. 

The Operating Agreement requires us to provide access to certain contractual arrangements that we have with our vendors in order for the franchisee to benefit from those contracts. The fees for the franchisee were 30,000 for the restaurant. The franchisee is also required to pay a franchise fee that is based on a percentage of sales. We
recognized 30,000 in development fees in fiscal 2007 related to the opening of the franchised restaurant. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period (see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements). Actual results could differ from those estimates. Critical accounting policies are those that management believes are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results, and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. We consider the following policies
to be most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 

Our critical accounting policies are as follows: 

Lease accounting 

Share-based compensation 

Property and equipment 

Trademarks 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Income taxes 

Lease Accounting 

Our policy for lease accounting involves recognizing rent on a straight-line basis from the time we are committed to a leased property, which is when all contingencies associated with the delivery of the property by the landlord are taken care of, to the end of the lease term, generally inclusive of one renewal period. The term, for purposes
of straight-line rent calculations and the useful life over which leasehold improvements are depreciated, is the shorter of the estimated useful life of the leased property or the base lease term, inclusive of one renewal period. We also recognize tenant allowances as a deferred rent liability and amortize them over the lease term, inclusive of one renewal period. Based upon the size of the investment that we make at a restaurant site, the economic penalty incurred by discontinuing use of the leased facility,
our historical experience with respect to the length of time a restaurant operates at a specific location, and leases that typically have multiple five-year renewal options that are exercised entirely at our discretion, we have concluded that one five-year renewal option is reasonably assured. 

35 

Share-Based Compensation 

Effective December 26, 2005, the Company adopted FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, FASB ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation cost at fair value for all share-based payments including stock options.
Share-based compensation for fiscal years 2009, 2008, and 2007 includes compensation expense, recognized over the applicable vesting periods for share-based awards granted prior to these fiscal years, as well as awards granted during these fiscal years. 

We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options on their grant dates. The Company s policy is to recognize compensation cost for restricted awards with only service conditions and a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.
Compensation expense is recognized for only the portion of options and restricted awards that are expected to vest. Therefore, an estimated forfeiture rate derived from historical employee terminations is applied against share-based compensation expense. The forfeiture rate is applied on a straight-line basis over the service (vesting) period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-substance, multiple awards. 

Property and Equipment, net 

The Company had 366.9 million of property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, at December 27, 2009. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, our property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives: building and improvements-30
years; and furniture, fixtures and equipment-3 to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the asset s estimated useful life or the expected lease term, inclusive of one renewal period. Equipment under capital leases is amortized to its expected residual value at the end of the lease term. Gains or losses are recognized upon the disposal of property and equipment, and the asset and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts. Maintenance, repairs
and betterments that do not enhance the value of or increase the life of the assets are expensed as incurred. We capitalize all direct external costs associated with obtaining the land, building and equipment for each new restaurant, as well as construction period interest. We also capitalize all direct external costs associated with obtaining the dining room and kitchen equipment, signage and other assets and equipment for each re-branded restaurant. In addition, for each new restaurant
and re-branded restaurant we also capitalize a portion of the internal direct costs of our real estate and construction department. 

To determine our accounting policies related to capitalizing costs associated with our in-house real estate department, we have taken guidance from FASB ASC 970, Real Estate - General FASB ASC 970 ). While FASB ASC 970 establishes accounting and reporting
standards for the acquisition, development, construction, selling and rental costs associated with real estate projects, it excludes from its scope real estate developed by an enterprise for use in its own operations, other than for sale of rental. Given there is no other authoritative literature directly addressing our circumstance of developing real estate projects for our own operations, we have applied the principles of FASB ASC 970 in such accounting for costs. 

Inherent in the policies regarding property and equipment are certain significant management judgments and estimates, including useful life, residual value to which the asset is depreciated, the expected value at the end of the lease term for equipment under capital leases, and the determination as to what constitutes enhancing the value
of or increasing the life of assets. These significant estimates and judgments, coupled with the fact that the ultimate useful life and economic value at the end of a lease are typically not known until after the passage of time, through proper maintenance of the asset, or through continued development and maintenance of a given market in which a restaurant operates can, under certain circumstances, produce distorted or inaccurate depreciation and amortization or, in some cases result in a write down of the value
of the assets. See Critical Accounting Policy Impairment of Long-Lived Assets below. 

We believe that our accounting policy for property and equipment provides a reasonably accurate means by which the costs associated with an asset are recognized in expense as the cash flows associated with the asset s use are realized. 

Trademarks 

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually. 

At December 29, 2009, we had 25.9 million in indefinite-lived intangible assets shown on our consolidated balance sheets related primarily to the acquisition of Ninety Nine restaurants. The determination of the estimated useful lives and whether these assets are impaired involves significant
judgments based upon short and long-term projections of future performance. Changes in strategy, new accounting pronouncements and/or market conditions may result in future impairment of recorded asset balances. We completed a valuation of the intangibles as of December 27, 2009, the last day of fiscal 2009, and our valuation showed that the fair value of the intangible asset substantially exceeded its net book value and no impairment charge was needed . 

36 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of
the carrying amount of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets based upon the future highest and best use of the impaired assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The cost associated with asset
impairments are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations in the financial statement line item impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net. 

The judgments made related to the ultimate expected useful life and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying value of an asset are affected by such issues as ongoing maintenance of the asset, continued development of a given market within which a restaurant operates, including the presence of traffic generating
businesses in the area, and our ability to operate the restaurant efficiently and effectively. We assess the projected cash flows and carrying values at the restaurant level, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the long-lived assets associated with a restaurant may not be recoverable. In determining projected cash flow, we make key assumptions regarding sales growth, food and labor and other restaurant operating costs, as well as local market expectations. In the event that our
economic expectations are not met, estimated future cash flows could be negatively impacted, which may result in a material impairment charge. 

We believe that our accounting policy for impairment of long-lived assets provides reasonable assurance that any assets that are impaired are written down to their fair value and a charge is taken in operating earnings on a timely basis. Long-lived assets are tested for possible impairment each fiscal quarter. During the year
ended December 27, 2009, we took an impairment charge of 11.4 million for eight O Charley s restaurants, of which one closed subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009, ten Ninety Nine restaurants, of which three closed subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009 and two Stoney River restaurants, of which one closed during fiscal 2009. Except for two Ninety Nine restaurants, the remaining impaired restaurants are expected to remain open. The 11.4 million charge in 2009 also included losses on disposal of assets,
assets held for sale, and certain previously impaired restaurants. During the year ended December 28, 2008, we took an impairment charge of 17.4 million for seven O Charley s restaurants that will remain open, ten Ninety Nine restaurants that will remain open and two Stoney River restaurants, of which one closed during fiscal 2009. The 17.4 million charge in 2008 was offset by a net gain of 0.4 million on assets held for sale and assets sold or otherwise settled that were not held for sale. During
the fiscal year ended December 30, 2007, we incurred charges of 10.2 million for fiscal 2007 in connection with changes in its supply chain which primarily consisted of non-cash charges taken for the loss on the sale of the commissary real estate and facility and related impairment of manufacturing equipment, charges taken for employee severance and retention, and to a lesser extent, legal and transition costs. In addition to the supply chain charges, we also recorded impairment and disposal costs
relating to restaurant impairments and other asset retirements during fiscal 2007 of 6.3 million. Included in the 6.3 million charge is the impairments related to three underperforming O Charley s restaurants one of which was closed while the other two O Charley s restaurants have remained open and the impairment of one Stoney River restaurant and two Ninety Nine restaurants that have remained open. 

Income Taxes 

We must make estimates of certain items that comprise our income tax provision and the related current and deferred tax liabilities. These estimates include employer tax credits for items such as FICA taxes paid on employee tip income, Work Opportunity and Welfare to Work credits, as well as estimates related to certain depreciation and
capitalization policies. These estimates are made based on the best available information at the time of the provision and historical experience. We file our income tax returns many months after our year end. These returns are subject to audit by various federal, state and local governments several years after the returns are filed and could be subject to differing interpretations of the tax laws. We are also required to perform an analysis and measure each uncertain tax position. The analysis
and measurement requires estimates and interpretations to be made. We base these estimates upon the best available information at that time of the provision and in coordination with our interpretation of existing tax law. 

As part of the computation of the income tax provision, we identify and measure deferred tax assets and liabilities. We weigh available evidence in determining the realization of deferred tax assets. Available evidence includes historical, current and future financial performance of the Company. We also consider the scheduled reversal of
deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. If we determine it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be recognized, the deferred tax asset will be reduced by a valuation allowance. The deferred tax valuation allowance may be released in future years when we consider that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. To form
a conclusion that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized, we will need to generate three-year cumulative pre-tax income, and we will need to periodically evaluate whether or not all available evidence, such as future taxable income and reversal of temporary differences, provides sufficient positive evidence to offset any other potential negative evidence that may exist at such time. In the event the deferred tax valuation allowance is released, we would record an income tax benefit
for the portion or all of the deferred tax valuation allowance released. At December 27, 2009, the Company had a deferred tax valuation allowance of 72.3 million. 

37 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In January 21, 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2010-06, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASU 2010-06 ), which adds new disclosure requirements for transfers into and out of Levels 1 and 2 in the fair value hierarchy
and additional disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances and settlements relating to Level 3 fair value measurements. This ASU also clarifies existing fair value disclosures about the level of disaggregation about inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The ASU is effective for the first reporting period beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the requirement to provide the Level 3 activity on a gross basis, which is effective for the fiscal year ends beginning
after December 15, 2010 and interim periods within those years. We do not expect this statement to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In December 2009, the FASB issued ASU 2009-17, Improvements to Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities, ASU 2009-17 ), which amends the guidance on variable interest entities in FASB ASC 810 regarding certain guidance
for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity and modifies the methods allowed for determining the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. In addition, ASU 2009-17 requires ongoing reassessments of whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity and enhanced disclosures related to an enterprise s involvement in a variable interest entity. ASU 2009-17 is effective for the first annual reporting period beginning after November
15, 2009 and for interim periods within that first annual reporting period. We do not expect this statement to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Impact of Inflation 

The impact of inflation on the cost of food, labor, equipment, land construction costs, and fuel/energy costs could adversely affect our operations. A majority of our employees are paid hourly rates related to federal and state minimum wage laws. The federal government and several states have instituted or are considering changes to their
minimum wage and/or benefit related laws which, if and when enacted, could have an adverse impact on our payroll and benefit costs. In addition, most of our leases require us to pay taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs and utility costs, and these costs are subject to inflationary pressures. Commodity inflation has had a significant impact on our operating costs. We attempt to offset the effect of inflation through periodic menu price increases, economies of scale in purchasing and cost controls and efficiencies
at our restaurants. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates based on our financing, investing and cash management activities and fluctuations in commodity prices. Our fixed-rate debt consists primarily of capitalized lease obligations and senior subordinated notes and our variable-rate debt consists primarily of our credit
facility. A significant portion of our debt is at a fixed-rate; therefore a one percent fluctuation in interest rates is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations. 

We purchase certain commodities such as beef, pork, poultry, seafood, produce, and dairy. These commodities are generally purchased based upon market prices established with vendors. These purchase arrangements may contain contractual features that fix the price paid for certain commodities. We do not use financial instruments to hedge
commodity prices because these purchase arrangements help control the ultimate cost paid and any commodity price aberrations are generally short-term in nature. 

38 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 O CHARLEY S INC. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Consolidated Financial Statements) 

40 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 27, 2009, December 28, 2008, and December 30, 2007 

42 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 27, 2009, December 28, 2008, and December 30, 2007 

43 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 27, 2009, December 28, 2008, and December 30, 2007 

44 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Internal Control Over Financial Reporting) 

74 

39 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

O Charley s Inc.: 

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of O Charley s Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive (loss) income, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period
ended December 27, 2009. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we have also audited financial statement schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of O Charley s Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period
ended December 27, 2009, in conformity with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 12, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Nashville, Tennessee 

March 12, 2010 

40 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

21,880 

6,818 

Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 148 in 2009 

 and 19 in 2008 

17,209 

22,880 

Inventories 

10,594 

23,788 

Deferred income taxes 

894 

Assets held for sale 

1,937 

2,158 

Other current assets 

4,434 

6,978 

Total current assets 

56,054 

63,516 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 356,818 and 328,626 

366,850 

412,289 

Trade names and other intangible assets 

25,946 

25,946 

Other assets 

13,405 

18,511 

Total Assets 

462,255 

520,262 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 

5,101 

16,466 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

16,044 

17,102 

Accrued expenses 

21,446 

26,348 

Deferred revenue 

17,969 

18,112 

Federal, state and local taxes 

10,459 

10,731 

Current portion of long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations 

1,979 

6,640 

Total current liabilities 

72,998 

95,399 

Deferred income taxes 

1,386 

3,109 

Other liabilities 

48,833 

53,566 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

128,121 

152,989 

Capitalized lease obligations, less current portion 

1,798 

3,439 

Shareholders Equity: 

Common stock No par value; authorized, 50,000 shares; issued and outstanding, 

 21,547 in 2009 and 21,303 in 2008 

161,514 

156,830 

Retained earnings 

47,605 

54,930 

Total shareholders equity 

209,119 

211,760 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

462,255 

520,262 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

41 

O CHARLEY S INC . 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 27, 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Revenues: 

Restaurant sales 

879,909 

930,317 

969,497 

Commissary sales 

7,783 

Franchise and other revenue 

931 

843 

472 

880,840 

931,160 

977,752 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of restaurant sales: 

Cost of food and beverage 

256,823 

276,005 

284,099 

Payroll and benefits 

311,795 

325,996 

331,644 

Restaurant operating costs 

175,544 

187,966 

184,791 

Cost of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization shown separately below 

744,162 

789,967 

800,534 

Cost of commissary sales 

7,700 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

32,718 

34,257 

32,537 

General and administrative expenses 

38,343 

44,292 

48,670 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

47,283 

50,776 

50,882 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

11,355 

16,989 

16,537 

Goodwill impairment 

93,656 

Pre-opening costs 

597 

3,921 

3,065 

874,458 

1,033,858 

959,925 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

6,382 

(102,698 

17,827 

Other Expense (Income): 

Interest expense, net 

11,628 

14,966 

12,329 

Other, net 

(68 

10 

(87 

11,560 

14,976 

12,242 

(Loss) Earnings Before Income Taxes 

(5,178 

(117,674 

5,585 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

2,147 

14,823 

(1,724 

Net (Loss) Earnings 

(7,325 

(132,497 

7,309 

Net (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders 

(7,325 

(132,497 

7,092 

Basic (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share 

(0.35 

(6.34 

0.30 

Diluted (Loss) Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share 

(0.35 

(6.34 

0.30 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

42 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND 

 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Common Stock 

Retained Earnings 

Shares 

Amount 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Balance, December 31, 2006 

24,492 

193,690 

187,809 

381,499 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

7,309 

7,309 

Shares tendered for minimum tax withholdings 

(38) 

(738) 

(738) 
 
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting for uncertainty in income taxes 

998 

401 

1,399 

Exercise of employee stock options, including tax benefits 

299 

5,695 

5,695 

Shares issued under CHUX Ownership Plan 

92 

1,304 

1,304 

Dividends paid 0.18 per share) 

(4,228) 

(4,228) 
 
 Shares repurchased 

(1,853) 

(30,000) 

(30,000) 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 

156 

4,036 

4,036 

Balance, December 30, 2007 

23,148 

174,985 

191,291 

366,276 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

(132,497) 

(132,497) 
 
 Shares tendered for minimum tax withholdings 

(56) 

(583) 

(583) 
 
 Exercise of employee stock options, including tax benefits 

5 

243 

243 

Shares issued under CHUX Ownership Plan 

120 

1,043 

1,043 

Dividends paid 0.18 per share) 

(3,864) 

(3,864) 
 
 Shares repurchased 

(2,185) 

(24,775) 

(24,775) 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 

271 

5,917 

5,917 

Balance, December 28, 2008 

21,303 

156,830 

54,930 

211,760 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

(7,325) 

(7,325) 
 
 Noncontrolling interest, net 

(384) 

(384) 
 
 Shares tendered for minimum tax withholdings 

(51) 

(220) 

(220) 
 
 Shares issued under CHUX Ownership Plan 

229 

799 

799 

Share-based compensation expense 

66 

4,489 

4,489 

Balance, December 27, 2009 

21,547 

161,514 

47,605 

209,119 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

43 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 27, 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) earnings 

(7,325) 

(132,497) 

7,309 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

47,283 

50,776 

50,882 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and swap termination payments, net 

282 

1,326 

870 

Deferred income taxes and other income tax related items 

(638) 

22,666 

(7,760) 
 
 Share-based compensation 

4,489 

5,917 

4,036 

Amortization of deferred gain on sale-leasebacks 

(1,056) 

(1,056) 

(1,056) 
 
 Loss on the sale assets 

129 

59 

199 

Goodwill impairment 

93,656 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

10,975 

16,888 

13,982 

Noncontrolling interests 

(83) 

(77) 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts and other receivables 

2,161 

(2,040) 

(2,449) 
 
 Inventories 

6,836 

(5,406) 

12,310 

Other current assets 

2,544 

(3,378) 

1,374 

Trade accounts payable 

(11,365) 

5,658 

(6,740) 
 
 Deferred revenue 

(144) 

304 

(1,956) 
 
 Accrued payroll, accrued expenses, and federal, state and local taxes 

(6,423) 

4,374 

(9,176) 
 
 Other long-term assets and liabilities 

727 

(2,911) 

3,903 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

48,392 

54,336 

65,651 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property and equipment 

(14,664) 

(47,400) 

(51,998) 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of assets 

7,971 

4,184 

14,694 

Other, net 

45 

103 

146 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(6,648) 

(43,113) 

(37,158) 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

23,812 

Payments on long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations 

(30,452) 

(9,509) 

(10,415) 
 
 Payments to noncontrolling interests 

(300) 

Dividends paid 

(3,864) 

(4,228) 
 
 Shares repurchased 

(24,775) 

(30,000) 
 
 Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuances under CHUX 

 Ownership Plan 

799 

1,109 

6,262 

Proceeds from swap cancellation 

3,510 

Excess tax benefit from share-based payments 

177 

737 

Shares tendered and retired for minimum tax withholdings 

(220) 

(583) 

(738) 
 
 Debt issuance costs 

(19) 

(891) 

(52) 
 
 Other financing activities 

137 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(26,682) 

(14,387) 

(38,434) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

15,062 

(3,164) 

(9,941) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

6,818 

9,982 

19,923 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

21,880 

6,818 

9,982 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

44 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

O Charley s Inc. (the Company owns and operates 235 (at December 27, 2009) full-service restaurant facilities in 17 states in the East, Southeast and Midwest under the trade name O Charley s, 116 full-service restaurant facilities
in nine states throughout New England and Mid-Atlantic under the trade name Ninety Nine Restaurants, and 11 full-service restaurant facilities in six states in the East, Southeast and Midwest under the trade name Stoney River Legendary Steaks. As of December 27, 2009, the Company had ten franchised O Charley s restaurants, including four in Michigan, three in Ohio, and one in each of Pennsylvania, Florida and Tennessee. The Company s fiscal year ends on
the last Sunday in December. Fiscal years presented were comprised of 52 weeks in 2009, 2008 and 2007. 

Principles of Consolidation. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its subsidiaries plus the accounts of the joint ventures. See note below regarding Investment in Joint Ventures . All significant intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated. 

Cash Equivalents. For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market and consist primarily of food, beverages and supplies. 

Operating Leases. The Company has land and building leases that are recorded as operating leases. Most of the leases have rent escalation clauses and some have rent holiday and contingent rent provisions. The rent expense under these leases is recognized on the straight-line basis.
The Company uses a lease life or expected lease term that generally is inclusive of one five-year renewal period. Based upon the size of the investment that the Company makes at a restaurant site, the economic penalty incurred by discontinuing use of the leased facility, its historical experience with respect to the length of time a restaurant operates at a specific location, and leases that typically have multiple five-year renewal options that are exercised entirely at its discretion, the Company has concluded
that one five-year renewal option is reasonably assured. The Company begins recognizing rent expense on the date that the Company becomes legally obligated under the lease. 

Certain leases provide for rent holidays, which are included in the lease life used for the straight-line rent calculation. Rent expense and an accrued rent liability are recorded during the rent holiday periods, during which the Company has possession of and access to the property, including the pre-opening period during construction,
but is typically not required or obligated to, and normally does not, make rent payments. 

Certain leases provide for contingent rent, which is determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. The Company records a contingent rent liability and corresponding rent expense when sales have been achieved in amounts in excess of the specified levels. 

The same lease life that is used for the straight-line rent calculation is used for reporting future minimum lease commitments and for assessing leases for capital or operating lease accounting. 

Pre-opening Costs represent costs incurred prior to a restaurant opening and are expensed as incurred. These costs also include straight-line rent related to leased properties from the period of time between when the Company has waived any contingencies regarding use of the leased
property and the date on which the restaurant opens. Pre-opening costs also include training, supply, and other costs necessary to prepare for the re-opening of an existing restaurant as part of the Company s re-branding initiatives. 

Investment in Affiliated Company . The Company has an approximate 8 percent ownership interest in a joint venture to operate a restaurant concept in Chicago, Illinois. The Company is not the primary beneficiary as defined by Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810 Consolidation FASB ASC 810 ), and accounts for its investment using the equity method. 

Investment in Joint Ventures. The Company had interests in two joint ventures (JFC Enterprises, LLC and Wi-Tenn Restaurants, LLC) to operate O Charley s restaurants which were considered variable interest entities.
During 2009, the Company acquired the noncontrolling interests in these joint ventures. See Note 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to this matter. Since the Company bore a disproportionate share of the financial risk associated with the joint ventures, it was deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the joint ventures and the Company consolidated the joint ventures in its consolidated financial statements. The JFC Enterprise, LLC, joint
venture partner had neither the obligation nor the ability to contribute their proportionate share of expected future losses. The Wi-Tenn Restaurants, LLC, joint venture partner relied on the Company to assist it in funding the construction and development of its first restaurant. In addition, subsequent to the opening of its first restaurant during fiscal 2006, and in accordance with the agreement with the joint venture partner, the Company had provided a credit agreement which the joint
venture could use to operate its first restaurant. Assets, liabilities, sales, and expenses related to the joint ventures were not significant to the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

45 

Property and Equipment, net . The Company states property and equipment at cost and depreciates them on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: buildings and improvements-30 years; and furniture,
fixtures and equipment-3 to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the asset s estimated useful life or the expected lease term, inclusive of one renewal period. Equipment under capitalized leases is amortized to its expected residual value to the Company at the end of the lease term. Gains or losses are recognized upon the disposal of property and equipment, and the asset and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts. Maintenance, repairs
and betterments that do not enhance the value of or increase the life of the assets are expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes all direct external costs associated with obtaining the land, building and equipment for each new restaurant, as well as construction period interest. The Company also capitalizes all direct external costs associated with obtaining the dining room and kitchen equipment, signage and other assets and equipment for each re-branded restaurant. In addition, for
each new restaurant and re-branded restaurant the Company also capitalizes a portion of the internal direct costs of its real estate and construction department. 

To determine its accounting policies related to capitalizing costs associated with its in-house real estate department, the Company has followed the guidance from FASB ASC 970, Real Estate- General FASB ASC 970 ). While FASB ASC 970 establishes accounting
and reporting standards for the acquisition, development, construction, selling and rental costs associated with real estate projects, it excludes from its scope: real estate developed by an enterprise for use in its own operations, other than for sale of rental. Given there is no other authoritative literature directly addressing the Company s circumstance of developing real estate projects for its own operations, the Company has applied the principles of FASB ASC 970 in such accounting for
costs. 

Asset Retirement Obligations. The Company has determined that it has potential obligations for certain of its restaurant-level assets. Specifically, the Company has the obligation to remove certain assets from its restaurants at the end of the lease term and therefore records asset
retirement obligations. 

Intangible Assets. Intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually. 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as trademarks, are tested annually for impairment, and are tested for impairment more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair
value. This determination is based upon an independent analysis prepared pursuant to guidance outlined in FASB ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other FASB ASC 350 ). This analysis considers relevant historical and projected operating results, current conditions and outlook for the restaurant industry, as well as factors that influence industry change, and applies a relevant valuation methodology to value the intangible
asset. 

The Company has selected the last day of each fiscal year as the date on which it will test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. The Company reviewed the carrying value of the trademarks, an indefinite-lived intangible asset, and found the fair value of the trademark to be substantially in excess of its net book value and
that no impairment charge was needed. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets . Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset based upon the future highest and best use of the impaired asset. The costs associated with asset impairments are recorded in the consolidated
statement of operations in the financial statement line item impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net. Fair value is determined by projected future discounted cash flows for each location or the estimated market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are separately presented in the consolidated balance sheet and reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a group classified as held for sale
are presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the consolidated balance sheet. 

Revenues consist of Company-operated and joint venture restaurant sales and, to a lesser extent, franchise revenue and other revenue. Restaurant sales include food and beverage sales and are net of applicable state and local sales taxes and discounts. Franchise revenue and other revenue
consist of development fees, royalties on sales by franchised units, and royalties on sales of branded food items, particularly salad dressings. Development fees for franchisees are between 25,000 and 50,000 per restaurant. The development fees are recognized during the reporting period in which the developed restaurant begins operation. The royalties are recognized in revenue in the period corresponding to the franchisees sales. Revenue resulting from the sale of gift cards is recognized in the period
redeemed. A percentage of gift card redemptions, based upon actual experience, are recognized as a reduction in restaurant operating costs for gift cards sold that will not be redeemed. 

Vendor Rebates . The Company receives vendor rebates from various non-alcoholic beverage suppliers, and to a lesser extent, suppliers of food products and supplies. Rebates are recognized as reductions to cost of food and beverage in the same period as the related
food and beverage expense. 

Advertising and Marketing Cost. The Company expenses advertising and marketing costs as incurred, except for certain advertising production costs that are initially capitalized and subsequently expensed the first time the advertising takes place. 

46 

Income Taxes. The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes FASB ASC 740 Income Taxes FASB ASC 740 ). Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. If current available information raises doubt as to the realization of the deferred tax assets,
a valuation allowance is established. These judgments and estimates are reviewed on a periodic basis as regulatory and business factors change. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets may be required if the amount of taxes recoverable through loss carry-back declines, if the Company projects lower levels of future taxable income, or if the Company has recently experienced pretax losses. Such a valuation allowance would be established through a charge to income tax expense which would adversely affect the
Company s reported operating results. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance prescribed in FASB ASC 740 establishes a recognition threshold of more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon
examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The measurement attribute of FASB ASC 740 requires that a tax position be measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company has elected to include the applicable interest and penalties in income tax expense. 

Share-Based Compensation. The Company accounts for its share-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation FASB ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement
and recognition of compensation cost at fair value for all share-based payments. Share-based compensation expense for fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 is recognized over the applicable vesting periods, for share-based awards granted prior to these fiscal years, as well as awards granted during these fiscal years. 

Restricted stock fair value is determined based on the trading price of stock on their grant date. The Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options on their grant dates. The Company s policy is to recognize compensation cost for share-based awards with only service
conditions and a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. In addition, FASB ASC 718 also requires that compensation expense be recognized for only the portion of options and restricted awards that are expected to vest. Therefore, an estimated forfeiture rate derived from historical employee terminations is applied against share-based compensation expense. The forfeiture rate is applied on a straight-line basis over the service (vesting) period for
each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-substance, multiple awards. In addition, the Company expenses the discount associated with its employee stock purchase plan based on the actual discount received. 

Deferred Compensation. The Company s nonqualified deferred compensation plan invests in mutual funds, which are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are recorded at fair value, based on quoted market prices. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities
are included in earnings. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned. 

Earnings Per Share . Under FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, FASB ASC 260 ), the two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that
determines earnings per share for common stock and participating securities, according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this method, net income is reduced by the amount of dividends declared in the current period for common shareholders and participating security holders. The remaining earnings or undistributed earnings are allocated between common stock and participating securities to the extent that each security may share in
earnings as if all of the earnings for the period had been distributed. Once calculated, the earnings per common share is computed by dividing the net (loss) earnings attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each year presented. Diluted (loss) earnings attributable to common shareholders per common share has been computed by dividing the net (loss) earnings attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
plus the dilutive effect of options and restricted shares outstanding during the applicable periods computed using the treasury method. In cases where the Company has a net loss, no dilutive effect is shown as options and restricted stock become anti-dilutive. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 260 that require unvested share-based payments that entitle employees to receive nonrefundable dividends to also be considered participating securities, on the first day of the Company s fiscal year 2009. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments . FASB ASC 825, Financial Instruments FASB ASC 825 ), requires disclosure of the fair values of most
on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value. The scope of FASB ASC 825 excludes certain financial instruments, such as trade receivables and payables when the carrying value approximates the fair value, employee benefit obligations, lease contracts, and all nonfinancial instruments, such as land, buildings, and equipment. The fair values of the financial instruments are estimates based upon current market conditions and quoted market prices for the same or
similar instruments as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008. Book value approximates fair value for substantially all of the Company s assets and liabilities that fall under the scope of FASB ASC 825, except for the Company s 9 percent senior subordinated notes. The fair value of the Notes was 123.8 million compared to the carrying value of 125 million. The fair value of the senior subordinated notes at December 27, 2009 was based on quoted market prices as of the last day
of fiscal 2009. 

47 

Operating Segments . Due to similar economic characteristics, as well as a single type of product, production process, distribution system and type of guest, the Company reports the operations of its three concepts on an aggregated basis and does not separately report segment information.
Revenues from external customers are derived principally from food and beverage sales. The Company does not rely on any major customer as a source of revenue. As a result, separate segment information is not disclosed. 

Use of Estimates . Management of the Company has made certain estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the period to prepare these consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying amount of property and equipment, intangibles and goodwill; valuation allowances for receivables: gift card breakage; inventories; deferred income tax assets; the fair value of debt and derivative instruments; workers compensation and general liability insurance liabilities; and
obligations related to employee benefits. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements . 

In January 21, 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2010-06, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASU 2010-06 ), which adds new disclosure requirements for transfers into and out of Levels
1 and 2 in the fair value hierarchy and additional disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances and settlements relating to Level 3 fair value measurements. This ASU also clarifies existing fair value disclosures about the level of disaggregation about inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The ASU is effective for the first reporting period beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the requirement to provide the Level 3 activity on a gross basis, which is effective for the
fiscal year ends beginning after December 15, 2010 and interim periods within those years. The Company does not expect this statement to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In December 2009, the FASB issued ASU 2009-17, Improvements to Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities, ASU 2009-17 ), which amends the guidance on variable interest entities
in FASB ASC 810 regarding certain guidance for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity and modifies the methods allowed for determining the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. In addition, ASU 2009-17 requires ongoing reassessments of whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity and enhanced disclosures related to an enterprise s involvement in a variable interest entity. ASU 2009-17 is effective for the first annual
reporting period beginning after November 15, 2009 and for interim periods within that first annual reporting period. The Company does not expect this statement to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

2. Correction of Immaterial Error 

During the second quarter of fiscal 2009, the Company identified an immaterial error related to the allocation of losses to noncontrolling interests. Management reviewed the impact of this error and concluded the impact on the prior year consolidated financial statements was immaterial. From the period 2004 to 2007, net losses
attributable to noncontrolling interests exceeded the noncontrolling interests combined investments of 750,000, and therefore to the extent of these investments, losses should have been allocated to noncontrolling interests in the Company s consolidated financial statements. To correct the error, the Company adjusted approximately 750,000, 750,000, and 673,000 in noncontrolling interests from Other Liabilities to Retained Earnings in the December 28, 2008, December
30, 2007, and December 31, 2006 consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

The following table sets forth the impact of the immaterial adjustments to the Company s consolidated balance sheets for the year ended December 28, 2008, December 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006. The impact to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 30, 2007 is an increase in net earnings of
 77,000. There was no impact to basic or fully diluted earnings available to common shareholders per share for the periods presented. 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Retained Earnings: 

As previously reported 
 
 54,180 

190,541 

187,136 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 750 

750 

673 
 
 As adjusted 
 
 54,930 

191,291 

187,809 

Other Liabilities: 

As previously reported 
 
 54,316 

59,832 

52,924 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 (750) 
 
 (750) 
 
 (673) 
 As adjusted 
 
 53,566 

59,082 

52,251 

See Note 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further description of joint venture arrangements. 

48 

3. Fair Value Measurements 

The Company adopted FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, FASB ASC 820 ), for financial assets and liabilities on December 31, 2007, as well as any other assets and liabilities that are
carried at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis in its financial statements. The Company adopted FASB ASC 820 for nonfinancial assets and liabilities during the first quarter of fiscal 2009. FASB ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. In the case of non-operating assets, fair value is determined by the estimated value of the asset less costs associated with the marketing and/or selling the asset. 

Fair value is defined under FASB ASC 820 as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 also establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability on the measurement date. 

Level 1 Inputs based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable for the asset. 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurement 

Description 

Level 

2009 

2008 

Deferred compensation plan assets 

1 

4,644 

6,033 

The deferred compensation plan assets are comprised of various investment funds, which are valued based upon their quoted market prices. 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using 

December 27, 2009 Carrying Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total Losses 

Long-lived assets held and used 
 
 4,087 

3,575 

512 

8,783) 
 Long-lived assets held for sale 
 
 1,128 

1,128 

(394) 
 Total 
 
 5,215 

4,703 

512 

(9,177) 

In accordance with FASB ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, long-lived assets held and used with a carrying amount of 12.9 million were written down to their fair value of 4.1 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, resulting in a loss of 8.8 million,
which was included in net loss for the year ended December 27, 2009. In addition, an asset held for sale with a carrying value of 1.5 million was written down to 1.1 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, resulting in a loss of 0.4 million, which was included in net loss for the year ended December 27, 2009. Level 2 fair values are based upon broker estimates of value of leasehold improvements and other residual assets, as well as broker listings and sales agreements. In the
case of assets held for sale, fair value is determined by the estimated sales value of the asset less costs associated with the marketing and/or selling the asset. Level 3 fair value is determined by projected future discounted cash flows for each restaurant location. The discount rate is the Company s weighted average borrowing rate on outstanding debt during fiscal 2009 which the Company believes is commensurate with the required rate of return that a potential buyer would expect to receive when purchasing
a similar restaurant and the related long-lived assets. The Company limits assumptions about important factors such as sales and margin change to those that are supportable based upon its plans for the restaurant. Long-lived assets held and used in the table above are restaurants that were impaired as a result of the Company s quarterly impairment review. 

49 

4. 

Goodwill 

The Company tests its goodwill and intangible assets for potential impairment in accordance with FASB ASC 350 as part of its year-end process or when events or circumstances indicate there may be an impairment. During fiscal 2008, the Company believed the economic environment, the negative financial performance of other casual dining restaurant
companies, and lower sales and higher commodity costs at the Ninety Nine restaurants, were indicators of potential impairment. As a result of these indicators, the Company performed an impairment test to determine if the carrying amount of the Ninety Nine and Stoney River restaurants goodwill was impaired. As a result, the Company concluded that the goodwill of both concepts was impaired and therefore recognized an impairment charge for 93.7 million to adjust the carrying value of goodwill to its
estimated value. As a result, there is no goodwill on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 27, 2009 or December 28, 2008. 

The change in the carrying amount of goodwill for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2008 is as follows: 

Ninety Nine Restaurants 

Stoney River Legendary Steaks 

Total Goodwill 

Balance as of December 30, 2007 

93,039 

422 

93,461 

Increase in goodwill 

195 

195 

Impairment charge 

(93,039 

(617 

(93,656 

Balance as of December 28, 2008 

5 . Impairment, Disposal and Restructuring Charges 

During 2009, the Company recorded impairment charges in long-lived assets, and other impairment related adjustments of 11.4 million, compared to 17.4 million in 2008 and 16.9 million in 2007. In 2009, the Company impaired eight O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants and two Stoney River restaurants, of which,
one Stoney River was closed during fiscal 2009, one O Charley s and three Ninety restaurants closed subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009. The Company plans to close two additional Ninety Nine restaurants. Since the leases on these two restaurants contain provisions that require continued operation, the timing of the closings is not certain. The remaining impaired restaurants are expected to remain open. Also in 2009, the Company recorded an additional impairment charge on its airplane, which was sold
during fiscal 2009. In 2008, the Company impaired seven O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants and two Stoney River restaurants, of which one closed during fiscal 2009, as well as the airplane. The current economic environment and reduced consumer spending have reduced demand and expected future cash flow for the Company s products, therefore, reducing the fair value of these restaurants below their carrying value. The excess carrying value of the restaurants
and airplane were recorded in impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

During fiscal year 2009, the Company sold assets held for sale with a combined net book value of 1.6 million and recognized a loss of 37,000 on the sale of those assets. During fiscal year 2008, the Company sold assets held for sale with a combined net book value of 3.5 million and recognized a gain of 0.4 million on the sale of those
assets. During fiscal 2007, the Company sold assets held for sale with a combined net book value of 2.5 million and recognized a gain of 0.4 million on the sale of those assets. These gains and losses are included in impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2009, the Company completed the sale of its Ninety Nine distribution operations and received proceeds of 6.7 million net of 0.4 million of related restructuring charges for the sale of approximately 6.4 million of inventory and fixed assets with a net book value of 0.5 million. 

During 2007, the Company completed the sale of its commissary facility in Nashville, Tennessee and the outsourcing of various food processing and distribution activities performed at its commissary and distribution facilities in Nashville, Tennessee, and Woburn, Massachusetts. Net proceeds received during fiscal 2007 from the sale of Nashville
commissary real estate and manufacturing equipment associated with the Company s meat production totaled 9.7 million. In addition, on September 1, 2007, the Company entered into a license agreement with a third party granting exclusive rights to sell, market and distribute proprietary products of the Company. 

The Company incurred charges of 10.2 million for fiscal 2007 in connection with changes in its supply chain, which primarily consisted of non-cash charges taken for the loss on the sale of the commissary real estate and facility and related impairment of manufacturing equipment, charges taken for employee severance and retention, and to
a lesser extent, legal and transition costs. In addition to the supply chain charges, the Company also recorded net impairment and disposal costs relating to restaurant impairments and other asset sales and retirements during fiscal 2007 of 6.3 million. Included in the 6.3 million charge are the impairments related to three underperforming O Charley s restaurants one of which was closed and the impairment of one Stoney River restaurant and two Ninety Nine restaurants that have remained
open. The impaired restaurants had experienced performance deterioration over the recent months and the Company s efforts to improve performance were not successful. 

50 

The following table reconciles the impairment, disposal, and restructuring charges as presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations to the total amount presented on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 27, 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Supply Chain Changes: 

Impairments and disposals 

15 

24 

7,703 

Severance and retention costs, legal costs and transition costs 

380 

88 

2,517 

Total charges related to supply chain changes 

395 

112 

10,220 

Restaurant impairments 

10,250 

16,842 

6,516 

Other impairments 

695 

540 

Other disposals, net 

15 

(505 

(199 

Total impairment, disposal, and restructuring charges, net 

11,355 

16,989 

16,537 

Supply chain changes paid or accrued 

(380 

(112 

(2,633 

Other non-cash items 

11 

78 

Total non-cash impairment, disposal and restructuring charges 

10,975 

16,888 

13,982 

6. Share Based Compensation 

Total share-based compensation expense was 4.5 million, 5.9 million and 4.0 million for the fiscal years ended December 27, 2009, December 28, 2008, and December 30, 2007, respectively. The Company s net share-based compensation expense primarily consisted of expense associated with restricted (non-vested) stock awards and to a
lesser extent expense associated with the Company s employee share purchase plan and stock options. On May 21, 2008, the Company adopted the 2008 Equity and Incentive Plan. As of this date, shares granted will be granted under this plan only. Under this plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued cannot exceed 1,500,000 shares, however options and restricted stock awards under this or certain prior plans, which terminate, expire unexercised, and are forfeited or
cancelled, shall increase this share reserve. As of December 27, 2009, there were approximately 643,000 remaining shares available for issuance pursuant to the 2008 Equity and Incentive Plan. 

(a) Stock Options 

The Company has various incentive stock option plans that provide for the grant of both statutory and non-statutory stock options to officers, key team members and nonemployee directors of the Company. Options are granted with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of common stock on the date of the grant, with various expiration
dates from the date of the grant and with vesting dates at various times as previously determined by the Board of Directors. The fair value of the Company s stock options were estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. As of December 27, 2009, the Company had approximately 1,327,000 unvested stock options outstanding of which approximately 1,165,000 are expected to vest. As of December 27, 2009, the total compensation cost related to stock option awards
not yet recognized was approximately 2,329,000 and the weighted average period over which it is expected to be recognized is 2.05 years. During fiscal year 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded approximately 673,000, 55,000 and 103,000 respectively, of share-based compensation related to stock options. Stock option transactions during the year ended December 27, 2009 were as follows: 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Number of 

Exercise 

Contractual 

Intrinsic 

Options 

Price 

Life (Years) 

Value 

Options outstanding at December 28, 2008 

1,217,260 

18.96 

2.97 

Granted 

1,336,000 

4.30 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

(17,750 

2.74 

Expired 

(217,850 

15.78 

Options outstanding at December 27, 2009 

2,317,660 

10.93 

6.05 

4,286,833 

Options vested and exercisable at December 27, 2009 

990,525 

19.72 

2.53 

Options vested and unvested expected to vest at December 27, 2009 

2,155,109 

11.41 

5.85 

2,046,055 

51 

The intrinsic value of stock options exercised was 1.5 million for the year ended December 30, 2007. The Company recognized a tax benefit of 0.6 million during the year ended December 30, 2007 related to the exercise of stock options. The fair value of options vested during fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007 was approximately 150,000,
 149,000, and 281,000, respectively. For the year ended December 28, 2008, the intrinsic value of options exercised and tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options was insignificant. There were no stock options exercised during fiscal 2009. 

For the year ended December 27, 2009, the Company issued 1,336,000 non-qualified stock options of which the majority cliff vest after three years, while the remaining vest ratably over three years, and expire on February 10, 2015. No options were granted in the years ended December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007. The following
table reflects the weighted average assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to value stock options granted during the year: 

2009 

Risk-free rate 

1.90 

Expected term (years) 

5.06 

Expected dividend yield 

0.00 

Volatility 

67.60 

Weighted-average Black-Sholes fair value per share at date of grant 

2.57 

The risk-free interest rate is based upon the rates on a non-coupon treasury bond released by the Federal Reserve. The expected term for options granted were derived using the Company s historical data including post vest cancellations and expirations and calculating the weighted average time in which options were outstanding before
being settled. The volatility assumptions were derived using a historical volatility method that synchronizes the historical period over which the volatility is calculated with the expected term using daily stock prices. During fiscal 2009, the Company did not pay any dividends and does not plan to pay dividends in the near future. 

(b) Restricted (Non-Vested) Stock Awards 

For the year ended December 27, 2009, the Company issued time-based grants that vest ratably over periods ranging from one to three years and also issued a grant that was immediately vested. For the year ended December 28, 2008, the Company issued time-based grants that vest ratably over periods ranging from three to four years and performance-based
grants that vest upon achievement of certain performance tests. For the year ended December 30, 2007, the Company issued only time-based grants that vest ratably over periods ranging from three to five years. During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company granted approximately 148,000, 524,000 and 397,000 shares of restricted stock, respectively, to certain members of senior management, the board of directors and other employees. The Company recognized net share-based compensation expense of approximately
 494,000, 1,097,000 and 1,176,000 related to these restricted stock awards granted during the years ended December 27, 2009, December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007, respectively. 

The fair value of the restricted stock awards was determined by using the closing market price for the Company s stock on the date of grant for each restricted stock award. 

The following table sets forth the restricted stock activity during the year ended December 27, 2009. 

Number of 

Weighted 

Restricted 

Average 

Stock 

Grant Date 

Awards 

Fair Value 

Restricted Stock Awards outstanding at December 28, 2008 

888,036 

14.79 

Granted 

147,786 

5.92 

Vested 

(407,589) 

16.22 

Forfeited 

(81,827) 

12.05 

Restricted Stock Awards outstanding at December 27, 2009 

546,406 

11.73 

During fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense for all restricted stock awards of approximately 3,415,000, 5,654,000 and 3,744,000, respectively. As of December 27, 2009, the total compensation cost related to time-based restricted stock awards not yet recognized was approximately
 3,997,000 and the weighted average period over which it is expected to be recognized is 0.94 years. The fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2009, 2008, and 2007 was approximately 6,611,000, 4,487,000, and 2,925,000, respectively. Included in the 546,406 restricted shares outstanding at December 27, 2009 are 52,888 performance-based restricted shares, which vest over four years based upon achievement of annual financial targets through 2011. Based upon the Company s 2009 financial performance,
86 percent of the shares that relate to fiscal 2009 financial targets are expected to vest; therefore, the Company has recognized approximately 131,500 of share-based compensation expense. Based upon the Company s 2008 financial performance, the portion related to 2008 financial targets did not vest and accordingly the Company did not recognized any share-based compensation expense. 

52 

(c) Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The Company has established the CHUX Ownership Plan for the purpose of providing an opportunity for eligible team members of the Company to become shareholders in the Company. On May 12, 2009, the Company s shareholders approved an increase of 1,000,000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the CHUX ownership plan. As
a result, the Company has reserved 2,350,000 common shares for this plan. The CHUX Ownership Plan is intended to be an employee stock purchase plan which qualifies for favorable tax treatment under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan allows participants to purchase common shares at 85 percent of the lower of 1) the closing market price per share of the Company s common stock on the last trading date of the plan period or 2) the average of the closing market price of the Company s common
stock on the first and the last trading day of the plan period. Contributions of up to 15 percent of base salary are made by each participant through payroll deductions. As of December 27, 2009, there were approximately 1,040,000 shares available for grant under this plan. During fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded pre-tax expense of approximately 352,000, 163,000, and 189,000 respectively, associated with this plan. 

7. Asset Retirement Obligations 

The Company has determined that it has obligations for certain of its restaurant-level assets. Specifically, the Company has the obligation to remove certain assets from its restaurants at the end of the lease term. The following is a breakdown of the activity related to the retirement obligation for the years ended December
27, 2009 and December 28, 2008. 

(in thousands) 

Asset Retirement Obligation as of December 30, 2007 

679 

Accretion expense on the present-valued liability 

30 

Property additions requiring recognition of a liability 

6 

Asset Retirement Obligation as of December 28, 2008 

715 

Accretion expense on the present-valued liability 

30 

Property additions requiring recognition of a liability 

1 

Asset Retirement Obligation as of December 27, 2009 

746 

In calculating the present value of the asset retirement obligation, the Company used the 10-year treasury yield plus the margin that the Company pays above LIBOR in its credit agreement. The 10-year treasury yield was 4.4 percent and the spread over LIBOR was 1.3 percent. 

8. Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment consist of the following: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Land and improvements 

72,263 

74,107 

Buildings and improvements 

145,876 

146,338 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

289,921 

274,730 

Leasehold improvements 

203,582 

211,093 

Equipment under capitalized leases 

8,884 

30,560 

Property leased to others 

1,004 

1,004 

Construction in progress 

2,138 

3,083 

723,668 

740,915 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(356,818) 

(328,626) 

366,850 

412,289 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment was 47.3 million, 50.8 million and 50.9 million for the years ended December 27, 2009, December 28, 2008 and December 30, 2007, respectively. 

53 

9. Assets Held for Sale 

Assets held for sale consist of the following: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Land 

1,308 

809 

Buildings and improvements 

535 

Other assets 

94 

1,349 

1,937 

2,158 

As of December 27, 2009, the amount shown in assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet consists of assets related to a site the Company no longer plans to utilize and one restaurant closed during the second quarter of fiscal 2009. The amount in assets held for sale as of December 28, 2008 related to the Company s aircraft
and a site the Company no longer plans to utilize. 

The Company ceases recognizing depreciation expense for all assets that are being held for sale. During 2009, the Company sold its aircraft. As a result, the Company received proceeds of 1.0 million and recorded no gain or loss on the transaction. 

10. Other Assets 

Other assets consist of the following: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Non-qualified deferred compensation plan asset 

4,134 

3,261 

Liquor licenses 

3,504 

3,534 

Prepaid interest and finance costs 

3,692 

4,753 

Other assets 

2,075 

6,963 

13,405 

18,511 

The prepaid interest and finance costs shown above are associated with the Company s debt and are amortized over the life of the loan. At December 27, 2009, the aggregate cost basis of these investments, combined current and non-current, totaled 5.4 million. Included in other assets for fiscal 2008 was an expected insurance recovery of 4.9 million related to a liquor liability claim where a verdict was awarded
in favor of the plaintiff. This matter was settled in fiscal 2009. 

11. Accrued Expenses 

Accrued expenses consist of the following: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Accrued insurance expenses 

10,873 

11,544 

Accrued employee benefits 

2,599 

4,086 

Accrued interest 

2,159 

1,899 

Accrued utilities 

2,818 

2,954 

Accrued legal 

445 

846 

Accrued other expenses 

2,552 

5,019 

21,446 

26,348 

The amount for accrued insurance expenses shown above primarily includes liabilities for workers compensation, general liability, and liquor liability claims. Included in accrued employee benefits are liabilities associated with the Company s self-insured health insurance programs. The total of the accrued self-insured health
insurance liabilities at December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008 was 2.2 million and 3.5 million, respectively. 

54 

12. Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt consists of the following: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

9 senior subordinated notes due 2013 

125,000 

125,000 

Credit facility 

23,812 

Financing arrangements 

320 

531 

Note payable to Stoney River Managing Partners 

352 

496 

Secured mortgage note payable 

17 

48 

125,689 

149,887 

Fair value adjustments on hedged debt (Note 15) 

2,770 

3,488 

Less current portion of long-term debt 

(338) 

(386) 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 

128,121 

152,989 

The annual maturities of long-term debt, as of December 27, 2009 are approximately: 338,000-2010; 286,000-2011; 65,000-2012; 125,000,000- 2013. 

(a) 9 Senior Subordinated Notes 

In the fourth quarter of 2003, the Company amended and restated its Credit Agreement and issued 125 million aggregate principal amount of notes. The proceeds from the notes were used to pay off a term loan and to repay a portion of the credit loan under the Company s bank credit facility. Interest on the notes accrues at the stated
rate of 9 percent and is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year commencing May 1, 2004. The notes mature on November 1, 2013. The notes are unsecured, senior subordinated obligations and rank junior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future senior debt (as defined in the indenture governing the notes). The notes may be redeemed by the Company, subject to restrictions of the Company s credit facility, at 103.0 percent of face value through October
31, 2010. On November 1, 2010 the redemption price decreases to 101.5 percent of face value. 

The Company had in place interest rate swaps which served as hedges of the variability of the fair value of 100.0 million of the 125.0 million of senior subordinated notes. In December 2008, the counterparties to the Company s swap agreements exercised their right to exit the agreement in exchange for a 3.5 million payment of the
remaining swap value. The 3.5 million is recorded as a component of long-term debt and will be amortized over the life of the senior subordinated notes as a reduction to interest expense and is 2.8 million at December 27, 2009. At December 27, 2009, the Company had no derivative instruments. 

(b) Credit Facility 

The Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2006 (as amended, the Credit Agreement ). On December 5, 2008, the Company amended its Credit Agreement by making changes to certain defined terms and conditions.
The Credit Agreement contains customary restrictive covenants, including limitations on dividends, repurchases of capital stock, sale leaseback transactions, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and mergers, acquisitions and asset sales. During fiscal 2009, the Company sold certain assets related to the Ninety Nine distribution operations reducing the Company s future borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement to 83 million from 90 million. At December 27, 2009, the Company had no amounts
outstanding on its credit facility and 14.3 million in letters of credit, which reduced its available borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company has 68.7 million in remaining capacity at December 27, 2009. 

The interest rates per annum applicable to loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement will, at the Company s option, be equal to either a base rate or a LIBOR rate, in each case plus an applicable margin (2.0 percent to 3.25 percent in the case of base rate loans and 2.75 percent to 4.0 percent in the case of LIBOR rate loans),
depending on the Company s adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio. In addition to the interest payments required under the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee on the aggregate average daily unused portion of the credit facility equal to 0.5 percent to 0.875 percent per annum, depending on the Company s adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio. At December 27, 2009, the Company s margin applicable to LIBOR loans was 275 basis points and the Company s applicable commitment
fee on the aggregate average daily unused portion of the credit facility was 0.5 percent. 

The Credit Agreement includes certain customary representations and warranties, negative covenants and events of default. It requires the Company to comply with certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with such covenants at December 27, 2009. The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured
by liens on substantially all of its assets, including a pledge of the capital stock of the Company s material subsidiaries (but excluding real property acquired after November 3, 2003). 

55 

See Note 26 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements which describes certain changes made to the terms of the Credit Agreement in 2010. 

(c) Financing Arrangements 

On August 21, 2008, the Company entered into three unsecured finance agreements relating to technology related maintenance. The financing agreements bear interest at 4.25 percent and are payable in monthly installments, including interest through October 2011. 

(d) Note Payable to Stoney River Managing Partners 

During fiscal 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Company purchased minority interests of four Stoney River restaurants in which the managing partner held an interest. The Company owes approximately 352,000 that bears interest at approximately 4.8 percent and is payable in annual installments maturing in 2010, 2011 and 2012. 

(e) Secured Mortgage Note Payable 

The secured mortgage note payable at December 27, 2009, bears interest at 10.5 percent, and is payable in monthly installments, including interest, through June 2010. This debt is collateralized by land and buildings, having a depreciated cost of approximately 380,000 at December 27, 2009. 

13. Other Liabilities 

Other liabilities consist of the following: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Deferred gain on sale leaseback transactions 

14,669 

15,726 

Deferred rent 

21,111 

20,179 

Nonqualified deferred compensation plan liability 

4,134 

3,261 

Liability for uncertain tax positions 

3,290 

3,289 

Other long-term liabilities 

5,629 

11,111 

48,833 

53,566 

The Company recognized a gain of 16.9 million on the sale and leaseback transactions completed during 2003 and a 4.5 million gain on the transaction completed in 2004. These gains are being deferred and amortized over the 20-year term of the leases that were entered into in conjunction with the transactions. Other long-term
liabilities as of December 28, 2008 included a liquor liability claim of 4.9 million where a verdict was awarded in favor of the plaintiff. This matter was settled in fiscal 2009. 

14. Lease Commitments 

The Company has various leases for certain restaurant land and buildings under operating lease agreements. These leases generally contain renewal options ranging from five to 20 years and require the Company to pay all executory costs, such as taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, in addition to the lease payments. Certain leases also
provide for additional contingent rentals based on a percentage of sales in excess of a minimum rent. The Company leases certain equipment and fixtures under capital lease agreements having lease terms from three to seven years. The Company expects to exercise its options under these agreements to purchase the equipment in accordance with the provisions of the lease agreements. 

In addition, the Company has four separate lease agreements that cover lease arrangements for an aggregate of 30 of its Ninety Nine restaurants, each of which contains a fixed charge covenant calculation. Each of the four restaurant groups are subject to an annual fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.50 to 1.00. The fixed charge coverage ratio
for one of the leases, which includes six Ninety Nine restaurants, was 1.48 to 1.00, which was below the required 1.50 to 1.00 minimum. In order to remain in compliance, we were required to make a rent prepayment of approximately 111,000. The other three leases covering the remaining 24 restaurants exceeded the 1.50 to 1.00 minimum. 

As of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, 2.9 million and 9.0 million, respectively, of net book value of the Company s property and equipment were under capitalized lease obligations. The assets under capital lease obligation primarily relate to restaurant furniture and fixtures and equipment. Interest rates on
capitalized lease obligations range from 3.8 percent to 7.6 percent. 

56 

Future minimum lease payments at December 27, 2009 are as follows: 

Capitalized 

Equipment 

Operating 

Leases 

Leases 

(in thousands) 

2010 

1,763 

33,033 

2011 

1,840 

32,590 

2012 

32,627 

2013 

32,429 

2014 

31,773 

Thereafter 

210,000 

Total minimum lease payments 

3,603 

372,452 

Less amount representing interest 

(164) 

Net minimum lease payments 

3,439 

Less current portion 

(1,641) 

Capitalized lease obligations, net of current portion 

1,798 

Rent expense for fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007 for operating leases is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Minimum rentals 

31,389 

31,328 

32,850 

Contingent rentals 

238 

286 

416 

31,627 

31,614 

33,266 

15. 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . 

The Company had interest rate related derivative instruments to manage its exposure on its debt instruments. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than cash flow hedging and fair value hedging purposes. That is, the Company does not speculate using derivative instruments. 

At December 30, 2007, the Company had interest rate swap agreements with a financial institution that effectively converted 100 million of the fixed-rate indebtedness related to its 125.0 million senior subordinated notes due 2013 into variable rate obligations. The swaps were based on six-month LIBOR rates in arrears plus a specified
margin, the average of which is 3.9 percent. The terms and conditions of these swaps mirrored the interest terms and conditions on the notes. During the first quarter of 2008, one of the banks participating in the swaps decided to no longer participate, which reduced the total notional amount of the Company s swaps by 22.0 million. On December 17, 2008, the remaining counterparties to the Company s remaining swap agreements exercised their right to exit the agreements in exchange
for 3.5 million payment of the remaining swap value, which is included as long-term debt in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. This fair value adjustment will be amortized against interest expense over the life of the senior subordinated notes. The Company did not have any swap arrangements as of December 27, 2009. The unamortized swap cancellation payment was 2.8 million as of December 27, 2009. 

16. Income Taxes 

The total income tax expense (benefit) for each respective year is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Income tax expense (benefit) attributable to: 

Earnings (loss) before income taxes 

2,147 

14,823 

(1,724 

Shareholders equity, tax benefit derived from non-qualified stock options exercised 

(177 

(737 

2,147 

14,646 

(2,461 

57 

Income tax expense (benefit) related to (loss) earnings before income taxes for each respective year is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Current 

2,785 

(7,843 

8,804 

Deferred 

(638 

22,666 

(10,528 

2,147 

14,823 

(1,724 

Income tax expense attributable to (loss) earnings before income taxes differs from the amounts computed by applying the applicable U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax (loss) earnings as a result of the following: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Federal statutory rate 

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

Increase (decrease) in taxes due to: 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

(12.1 

(0.7 

(9.0 

Tax credits, primarily FICA tip credits 

102.9 

4.1 

(95.3 

Stock compensation expense 

(38.3 

(0.5 

Federal and state income tax contingency accruals, net of federal tax benefit 

0.6 

9.1 

Deferred compensation 

5.4 

Joint venture 

(0.6 

(0.5 

2.8 

Valuation allowance 

(125.0 

(51.9 

24.2 

Other 

(3.4 

1.3 

(3.5 

(41.5 

(12.6 

(31.3 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at each of the respective year ends are as follows: 

December 27, 

December 28, 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Deferred tax assets: 

Workers compensation, general liability, and employee health insurance accruals 

4,023 

3,847 

Accrued compensation 

4,333 

5,462 

Restricted stock 

1,046 

2,210 

Asset impairment and exit cost 

12,640 

11,961 

Property and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation and amortization 

4,963 

Tax credits, primarily FICA tip credits 

21,364 

17,629 

Federal net operating loss carry back and state carry forwards 

4,052 

5,084 

Goodwill 

20,331 

22,390 

Other 

2,469 

2,939 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

75,221 

71,522 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

(72,263) 

(65,791) 
 
 Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

2,958 

5,731 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Trademark intangible 

4,535 

3,716 

Property and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation and amortization 

4,230 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

4,535 

7,946 

Net deferred tax liability 

(1,577) 

(2,215) 

58 

The net deferred tax assets (liabilities) are classified as follows: 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Deferred income taxes, non-current liability 

(1,386) 

(3,109) 
 
 Deferred income taxes, current (liability) asset 

(191) 

894 

(1,577) 

(2,215) 

The Company has gross state net operating loss carry-forwards of 91.5 million to reduce future tax liabilities, which begin to expire at various times starting in 2010 and federal general business tax credits of 21.4 million which begin to expire at various times starting in 2025. 

The Company has established a valuation allowance of 72.3 million and 65.8 million as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, respectively, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized which includes substantially all deferred tax assets. The change in the deferred tax valuation allowance
was 6.5 million in 2009. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Under FASB ASC 740, the Company is required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against the Company s deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. In making such judgments, significant weight
is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. As a result of the goodwill impairment charge in 2008 and the current year loss, the Company has a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss. A cumulative pre-tax loss is given more weight than projections of future income, and a recent historical cumulative loss is considered a significant factor that is difficult to overcome. Therefore, the Company has established a valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets, with the exception of 3.0 million and 1.5
million for 2009 and 2008, respectively, relating to federal and state net operating loss carryovers expected to be realized. The deferred tax valuation allowance may be released in future years when management considers that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. To form a conclusion that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized, the Company will need to periodically evaluate all available evidence, such as whether
future taxable income and reversal of temporary differences provides sufficient positive evidence to offset any potential negative evidence that may exist at such time, including the Company s three-year cumulative pre-tax loss. In the event the deferred tax valuation allowance is released, the Company would record an income tax benefit for the portion or all of the deferred tax valuation allowance released. 

The Company has a 3.3 million liability recorded as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008 for uncertain tax positions, including 0.5 million and 0.7 million in interest as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, respectively. The liability remained unchanged year over year due to 0.6 million of tax and interest
released as a result of tax positions taken during a prior year and a reduction of 1.1 million of tax and interest reversed as a result of a lapse of applicable statutes of limitation, offset by an increase of 1.7 million of tax and interest accrued as a result of tax positions taken during the current fiscal year. As of December 27, 2009, the total amount of unrecognized tax positions that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate is 0.8 million compared to 0.7 for fiscal 2008. The Company
believes that 2.1 million of tax positions will be settled within twelve months of the year ended December 27, 2009 as a result of the closing of statutes for certain tax years and applications for change in method of accounting the Company expects to file during the same period. Those tax positions include certain deductions for uniform capitalization and bonus accruals. The tax years 2005 to 2008 remain open to examination by major taxing jurisdictions. 

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008. The tabular reconciliation is shown without interest, and is adjusted for uncertain tax positions included in state net operating losses. The amount of interest expense is 0.5
million and 0.7 million and the adjustment for state net operating losses is 0.6 million and 0.8 million for fiscal years ended December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, respectively. 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Beginning balance 

3,398 

8,364 

Gross prior year increases 

82 

463 

Gross prior year decreases 

(1,033) 

(5,999) 
 
 Gross current year increases 

1,732 

1,176 

Settlements 

(21) 

(162) 
 
 Lapse of statue of limitations 

(803) 

(444) 
 
 Ending balance 

3,355 

3,398 

59 

17. Shareholders Equity 

During 2008, the Company paid a dividend of 0.06 per share during the first, second and third quarters to its shareholders. Total dividends of 3.9 million were recorded in 2008 as a reduction to retained earnings. On May 18, 2007, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an increase in the Company s
existing share repurchase authorization from 25 million to 50 million. On February 7, 2008, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an increase in its share repurchase authorization of 20 million. As of December 28, 2008, the Company had repurchased approximately 4.0 million shares of its common stock on the open market for 54.8 million, which has been recorded as a reduction to common stock. The Company s repurchase price average was 13.57 per share. Pursuant
to the Credit Agreement the Company was prohibited from issuing dividends and repurchasing stock during fiscal 2009. 

The Company s charter authorizes 100,000 shares of preferred stock which the Board of Directors may, without shareholder approval, issue with voting or conversion rights upon the occurrence of certain events. At December 27, 2009, no preferred shares had been issued. 

18. (Loss) Earnings Per Share and Weighted Average Shares 

The following is a reconciliation of the Company s basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share calculation applying the two-class method. As the Company incurred a net loss in fiscal 2009 and 2008, the weighted average common shares outstanding used in the determination of the fiscal 2009 and 2008 loss per common share is used for
the diluted loss per common share as well. The adoption of the provisions of FASB ASC 260 reduced basic and diluted earnings per share by 0.01 for fiscal 2007. 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net (loss) earnings 

(7,325) 
 
 (132,497) 
 
 7,309 

Less: Unvested participating restricted stock dividends 

(109) 
 
 Less: Net earnings allocated to unvested participating restricted stock 

(108) 
 
 (Loss) earnings (attributable) available to common shareholders 

(7,325) 
 
 (132,497) 
 
 7,092 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

20,826 

20,898 

23,352 

Incremental options and restricted shares outstanding 

136 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

20,826 

20,898 

23,488 

Basic (loss) earnings per common share 

(0.35) 
 
 (6.34) 
 
 0.30 

Diluted (loss) earnings per common share 

(0.35) 
 
 (6.34) 
 
 0.30 

Options for 2.3 million, 1.2 million, and 1.5 million shares were excluded from the 2009, 2008, and 2007 diluted weighted average share calculations, respectively, due to these shares being anti-dilutive. In addition, restricted stock awards for 0.6 million, 0.9 million and 0.8 million shares were excluded from the 2009, 2008, and 2007
diluted weighted average shares calculations, respectively, due to these shares being anti-dilutive. 

19. Team Member Benefit Plans 

The Company maintains a 401(k) salary reduction and profit-sharing plan called the O Charley s Inc. 401(k) Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, team members can make contributions, subject to an annual statutory limit, of the lesser of 60 percent of their annual compensation or 16,500. The Company contributes
annually to the Plan an amount equal to 50 percent of team member contributions up to 3 percent of the team member s annual compensation, subject to certain limitations. Company contributions vest at the rate of 25 percent each year beginning after the team member s initial year of employment. Additional employer contributions over the initial contribution are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Company contributions were approximately 957,000 in 2009, 1,026,000 in 2008 and 1,103,000
in 2007. 

The Company maintains a deferred compensation plan for a select group of management team members to provide supplemental retirement income benefits through deferrals of salary and bonus. Participants in this plan can contribute, on a pre-tax basis, up to 50 percent of their base pay and 100 percent of their annual performance bonuses. The
Company contributes annually to this plan an amount equal to a matching formula of each participant s deferrals. Company contributions were approximately 329,000 for 2009, 502,000 for 2008 and 434,000 for 2007. The amount of the deferred compensation plan liability, payable to the participants at December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, was approximately 4,644,000 and 6,033,000, respectively, and is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities and other assets (current and long-term) on the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008. 

60 

20. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in thousands) 

Cash paid for interest (1) 

8,567 

11,341 

12,314 

Income taxes paid (refunded), net 

500 

(2,519 

7,640 

Other non-cash transactions: 

Transfer of assets between assets held-for-sale and property and equipment, net 

2,056 

3,308 

4,410 

Change in fair value of hedging instrument 

(718 

2,298 

1,189 

Financed maintenance agreements 

531 

Additions to capitalized lease obligations 

479 

(1) 

Cash paid for interest is net of the 3.5 million received in 2009 for termination of the swap agreement. 

21. Litigation and Contingencies 

The Company is a defendant from time to time in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business, including claims relating to injury or wrongful death under dram shop laws that allow a person to sue the Company based on any injury caused by an intoxicated person who was wrongfully served alcoholic
beverages at one of its restaurants; claims relating to workplace, workers compensation and employment matters, discrimination and similar matters; claims resulting from slip and fall accidents; claims relating to lease and contractual obligations; claims relating to its joint venture and franchising initiatives; and claims from guests or employees alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health or operational concerns. 

The Company does not believe that any of the legal proceedings pending against it as of the date of this report will have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or financial condition. The Company may incur liabilities, receive benefits, settle disputes, sustain judgments, or accrue expenses relating to legal proceedings in a particular
fiscal quarter which may adversely affect its results of operations, or on occasion, receive settlements that favorably affect results of operations. 

22. Joint Venture Arrangements 

The Company had entered into joint venture arrangements to develop and operate O Charley s restaurants. On June 2, 2009, the Company purchased the remaining interest in the Wi-Tenn Restaurants, LLC joint venture from Wi-Tenn Investors, LLC for 50,000. The joint venture
had operated one O Charley s restaurant in Grand Chute, Wisconsin. This location has become a company-owned restaurant and is expected to remain open. 

On September 28, 2009, the Company purchased the remaining interest in the JFC Enterprises, LLC joint venture from the joint venture partner for 250,000. The joint venture had operated two O Charley s restaurants in the southern Louisiana area. These locations have become company-owned restaurants and
are expected to remain open. 

As a result of these transactions, the Company had no joint venture agreements as of December 27, 2009. 

23. Franchising Arrangements 

The Company may from time to time enter into franchising agreements to develop and operate O Charley s restaurants. According to its franchising agreements, the Company is required to provide access to certain contractual arrangements that the Company has with its vendors in order for the franchisee to benefit from
those contracts. The franchisee is required to pay a portion of the total development fees based on the number of total contracted restaurants at the closing of the agreement. The franchisee is also required to pay the remaining portion of the development fee to the Company as each new restaurant opens. The development fees paid have been deferred and will be recognized in income as each restaurant opens. The development fees for the franchisee range from 25,000 to 50,000 per restaurant. The franchisee is also
required to pay franchise fee and marketing fund fees that are based on a percentage of sales. 

Meritage 

On December 30, 2003, the Company entered into a multi-unit franchise agreement with a franchisee, Meritage Hospitality Group, Inc. to develop and operate O Charley s restaurants in Michigan. The agreement specifies the franchisee will develop 15 new O Charley s restaurants. As of December 27, 2009 the franchisee
had opened four O Charley s restaurants. 

61 

Pursuant to the arrangement, the development fees for the franchisee are 50,000 each for the first two restaurants and 25,000 each for the remaining 13 restaurants. The franchisee was required to pay 212,500 in development fees at the closing of the agreement, which represents half of the fees associated with the 15 restaurants agreed
upon. The Company did not recognize any development fee income in 2009, 2008 or 2007. Additionally, pursuant to a settlement agreement that the Company reached with Meritage in 2007 related to a lawsuit which Meritage had dismissed, the Company agreed to provide certain financial and other accommodations to Meritage, including the tolling of Meritage s development obligations as well as temporary franchise fee relief in fiscal years 2007, 2008, and 2009. 

Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC 

On March 28, 2005, the Company entered into a Development Agreement with Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC and Michael R. Johnson. Under the terms of the agreement, Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC had the right to develop and operate up to ten new O Charley s restaurants over the next six years in certain markets in the states
of Iowa, Nebraska, Topeka, Kansas and Eastern South Dakota. 

Pursuant to the arrangement, the franchisee was required to pay 100,000 in development fees at the closing of the agreement, which represents a portion of the fees associated with the ten restaurants agreed upon. Additionally, pursuant to a Special Assistance Agreement, the Company agreed to provide certain financial and other accommodations
to Four Star Restaurant Group, LLC, including temporary royalty relief and the return of a portion of the pre-paid development fees. Under this agreement all territorial rights and grants under the Development Agreement were revoked and terminated. During 2007, this franchisee opened one restaurant in Des Moines, Iowa and the Company recognized development fees of 50,000 in income. The Company did not recognize any development fee income in 2009 and 2008. However, upon termination of the
agreement on October 23, 2009 for default, the pre-paid development fees were forfeited and the Company closed the one restaurant in West Des Moines, Iowa. 

O Candall Group, Inc. 

On May 18, 2005, the Company entered into a Development Agreement with O Candall Group, Inc. and Sam Covelli. Under the terms of the agreement, O Candall Group, Inc. and/or certain of its affiliates have the right to develop and operate up to 50 new O Charley s restaurants by 2013. As of December 27, 2009,
the franchisee had opened five O Charley s restaurants. The initial development plans are expected to focus on the Tampa, Florida, Orlando, Florida, Western Pennsylvania, Northwest West Virginia and Northern Ohio markets. 

Pursuant to the arrangement, the development fees for the franchisee are 50,000 for the initial restaurants and 25,000 each for the remaining restaurants in each of its five granted areas. The franchisee was required to pay 500,000 in development fees at the closing of the agreement, which represents a portion of the fees associated
with the 50 restaurants agreed upon. The Company recognized income of 100,000 in development fees in 2009 for the opening of two restaurants and 50,000 in development fees in 2008 and 2007 related to the opening of a franchised restaurant in each of those fiscal years 

Delaware North Companies Travel Hospitality Services, Inc. 

On February 1, 2007, the Company entered into an Operating Agreement with Delaware North Companies Travel Hospitality Services DNC ). Under the terms of the agreement, DNC and/or certain of its affiliates developed and operate one O Charley s Restaurant in the Nashville International Airport located in Nashville
Tennessee. 

Pursuant to the Operating Agreement the development fees for the franchisee were 30,000 for the restaurant. The Company recognized 30,000 in development fees in fiscal 2007 related to the opening of the franchised restaurant. 

24. Quarterly Financial and Restaurant Operating Data (Unaudited) 

The following is a summary of certain quarterly results of operations data for each of the last two fiscal years. 

First 

 Quarter (1) 

Second 

 Quarter (2) 

Third 

 Quarter (3) 

Fourth 

 Quarter (4) 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2009 

Revenues 

291,658 

206,217 

194,096 

188,869 

Income (loss) from operations 

11,984 

5,231 

261 

(11,094) 
 
 Net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

7,141 

2,894 

(2,146) 
 
 (15,216) 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders per share (5) 

0.34 

0.14 

(0.10) 
 
 (0.72) 
 
 Diluted earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders per share (5) 

0.34 

0.13 

(0.10) 
 
 (0.72) 
 
 Company-owned restaurants in operation, end of quarter 

359 

359 

361 

362 

2008 

Revenues 

297,495 

221,143 

209,642 

202,880 

Income (loss) from operations 

8,578 

394 

(48,614) 
 
 (63,057) 
 
 Net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

10,377 

(7,834) 
 
 (66,822) 
 
 (68,217) 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders per share (5) 

0.48 

(0.38) 
 
 (3.29) 
 
 (3.34) 
 
 Diluted earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders per share (5) 

0.48 

(0.38) 
 
 (3.29) 
 
 (3.34) 
 
 Company-owned restaurants in operation, end of quarter 

352 

355 

357 

359 

62 

(1) During the first quarter of 2009, the Company recorded additional impairment charges related to its one airplane of 0.3 million that was also later sold during fiscal 2009. 

(2) During the second quarter of 2009, the Company recorded impairment charges with respect to three O Charley s restaurants, all of which will remain open, and other minor impairments resulting in impairment changes of 1.4 million. During the second quarter 2008, the Company recorded impairment charges with respect to two O Charley s
restaurants and one Ninety Nine restaurant, all of which will remain open, resulting in a total impairment charge of 1.9 million. 

(3) During the third quarter of 2009, the Company recorded impairment charges with respect to one O Charley s restaurant, which will remain open and other minor impairment charges of 0.1 million. During the third quarter 2008, the Company recorded an estimated goodwill impairment charge of 48.0 million related to its Ninety
Nine restaurants (see Note 4 of consolidated financial statements) and a valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets of 36.0 million. 

(4) During the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company recorded impairment charges with respect to four O Charley s restaurants, ten Ninety Nine restaurants and two Stoney River restaurants, of which one Stoney River restaurant closed during fiscal 2009, one O Charley s and three Ninety Nine restaurants closed subsequent
to the end of fiscal 2009, with plans to close two additional Ninety Nine restaurants, and other previous restaurant impairment charges resulting in an impairment charge of 9.1 million. The other impaired restaurants will remain open. During the fourth quarter 2008, the Company recorded an additional goodwill impairment charge of 45.7 million related to its Ninety Nine and Stoney River restaurants (see Note 4 of consolidated financial statements). The Company also recorded restaurant impairment charges of 15.4
million for five O Charley s restaurants, nine Ninety Nine restaurants, two Stoney River restaurants, of which one Stoney River restaurant closed during fiscal 2009, the other impaired restaurants are expected to remain open, and the Company s one airplane. The Company also recorded a valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets of 25.6 million. 

(5) Quarterly earnings (loss) per share calculations may not add to reported year-to-date earnings (loss) per share due to share repurchases and other changes in weighted shares outstanding. 

25. Commitments 

The Company has purchase commitments with various vendors through 2017. Outstanding commitments as of December 27, 2009 were 276.0 million. These purchase obligations are primarily food obligations with fixed commitments in regards to the time period of the contract with annual price adjustments that can fluctuate and a fixed
beverage contract with an annual price adjustment. In situations where the price is based on market prices, the Company used the existing market prices at December 27, 2009 to determine the amount of the obligation. 

26. Subsequent Events 

On January 26, 2010 the Company entered into its Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to enhance its financial flexibility. The maximum borrowing capacity was reduced from 83 million, which was scheduled to be reduced to 65 million on April 18, 2010, to 45 million. The prior Credit Agreement had participation
from nine banks while the current credit agreement has participation from three banks. The maximum adjusted leverage ratio was reduced from 5.50 to 5.25. The definitions of adjusted leverage ratio and senior secured ratio have been changed, and the expansion of capital expenditures is limited to 15 of EBITDA (as defined in the amended credit agreement) in 2010 and 30 of EBITDA in subsequent years. Under the amended credit agreement, the Company is permitted to repurchase its 9 senior subordinated
notes due in 2013, subject to certain limitations and the Company reduced the number of collateral mortgages on its company-owned restaurants from 88 to 47. The amended credit agreement also resets the restricted payments basket for dividends and stock repurchases, however, such payments are currently restricted by its bond indenture. The amended credit agreement also permits sale-leaseback transactions, subject to certain limitations. 

Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2009, the Company closed one O Charley s restaurant and three Ninety Nine restaurants, and has plans to close two additional Ninety Nine restaurants. 

The Company evaluated subsequent events as of the filing of these financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other than the events disclosed in this footnote, found no material subsequent events requiring additional disclosure or recognition in this Form 10-K. 

27. Supplementary Condensed Consolidating Financial Information of Subsidiary Guarantors 

In the fourth quarter of 2003, the Company issued 125 million aggregate principal amount of 9 percent senior subordinated notes due 2013. The obligations of the Company under the senior subordinated notes are guaranteed by all of the Company s subsidiaries, with the exception of certain minor subsidiaries. The guarantees are made
on a joint and several basis. The claims of creditors of the non-guarantor subsidiaries have priority over the rights of the Company to receive dividends or distributions from such subsidiaries. Presented below is supplementary condensed consolidating financial information for the Company and the subsidiary guarantors as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008 and for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 27, 2009. 

63 

Consolidating Balance Sheet 

 As of December 27, 2009 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets (Liabilities): 

Cash and cash equivalents 

2,127 

19,753 

21,880 

Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts 

8,280 

9,139 

(210) 

17,209 

Intercompany (payable) receivable 

(257,253) 

226,774 

30,479 

Inventories 

4,663 

5,931 

10,594 

Assets held for sale 

809 

1,128 

1,937 

Other current assets 

1,961 

2,462 

11 

4,434 

Total current (liabilities) assets 

(239,413) 

265,187 

30,280 

56,054 

Property and equipment, net 

256,799 

110,051 

366,850 

Trade names and other intangible assets 

25 

25,921 

25,946 

Other assets 

208,619 

30,042 

(225,256) 

13,405 

Total Assets (Liabilities) 

226,030 

431,201 

(194,976) 

462,255 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 

4,484 

(12) 

629 

5,101 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

12,052 

3,992 

16,044 

Accrued expenses 

16,287 

5,365 

(206) 

21,446 

Deferred revenue 

18,598 

(629) 

17,969 

Federal, state and local taxes (receivable) payable 

(14,234) 

24,693 

10,459 

Current portion of long-term debt and capitalized lease 

 obligations 

1,835 

144 

1,979 

Total current liabilities 

20,424 

52,780 

(206) 

72,998 

Deferred income taxes 

1,386 

1,386 

Other liabilities 

28,234 

20,499 

100 

48,833 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

151,272 

528 

(23,679) 

128,121 

Capitalized lease obligations, less current portion 

1,548 

250 

1,798 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit): 

Common stock 

119,138 

343,431 

(301,055) 

161,514 

(Accumulated deficit) retained earnings 

(95,972) 

13,713 

129,864 

47,605 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 

23,166 

357,144 

(171,191) 

209,119 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

226,030 

431,201 

(194,976) 

462,255 

64 

Consolidating Balance Sheet 

 As of December 28, 2008 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets (Liabilities): 

Cash and cash equivalents 

2,924 

(2,639) 

6,533 

6,818 

Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts 

15,254 

7,825 

(199) 

22,880 

Intercompany (payable) receivable 

(289,991) 

256,670 

33,321 

Inventories 

4,535 

19,187 

66 

23,788 

Deferred income taxes 

510 

384 

894 

Assets held for sale 

809 

1,349 

2,158 

Other current assets 

1,972 

4,963 

43 

6,978 

Total current (liabilities) assets 

(263,987) 

287,739 

39,764 

63,516 

Property and equipment, net 

279,656 

129,657 

2,976 

412,289 

Trade names and other intangible assets 

25 

25,921 

25,946 

Other assets 

216,067 

33,309 

(230,865) 

18,511 

Total Assets (Liabilities) 

231,761 

476,626 

(188,125) 

520,262 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 

7,552 

3,205 

5,709 

16,466 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

13,235 

3,856 

11 

17,102 

Accrued expenses 

17,742 

8,840 

(234) 

26,348 

Deferred revenue 

18,690 

(578) 

18,112 

Federal, state and local taxes (receivable) payable 

(14,408) 

25,045 

94 

10,731 

Current portion of long-term debt and capitalized lease 

 obligations 

6,010 

630 

6,640 

Total current liabilities 

30,131 

60,266 

5,002 

95,399 

Deferred income taxes 

3,109 

3,109 

Other liabilities 

29,462 

23,169 

935 

53,566 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

174,774 

883 

(22,668) 

152,989 

Capitalized lease obligations, less current portion 

2,917 

522 

3,439 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit): 

Common stock 

114,071 

343,431 

(300,672) 

156,830 

(Accumulated deficit) retained earnings 

(122,703) 

48,355 

129,278 

54,930 

Total shareholders (deficit) equity 

(8,632) 

391,786 

(171,394) 

211,760 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

231,761 

476,626 

(188,125) 

520,262 

65 

Consolidating Statement of Operations 

 For the Year Ended December 27, 2009 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantor 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Restaurant sales 

499,684 

360,759 

19,466 

879,909 

Commissary sales 

50,854 

(50,854 

Franchise and other revenue 

981 

168 

(218 

931 

500,665 

411,781 

(31,606 

880,840 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of restaurant sales: 

Cost of food and beverage 

145,018 

105,820 

5,985 

256,823 

Payroll and benefits 

185,931 

132,077 

(6,213 

311,795 

Restaurant operating costs 

91,498 

68,187 

15,859 

175,544 

Cost of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization shown separately below 

422,447 

306,084 

15,631 

744,162 

Cost of commissary sales 

49,795 

(49,795 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

32,462 

256 

32,718 

General and administrative expenses 

5,254 

34,455 

(1,366 

38,343 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

27,030 

19,508 

745 

47,283 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

3,504 

7,471 

380 

11,355 

Pre-opening costs 

2 

595 

597 

458,237 

450,370 

(34,149 

874,458 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

42,428 

(38,589 

2,543 

6,382 

Other Expense (Income): 

Interest expense, net 

12,882 

(1,631 

377 

11,628 

Other, net 

(68 

(68 

12,814 

(1,631 

377 

11,560 

Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

29,614 

(36,958 

2,166 

(5,178 

Income Tax Expense 

2,090 

57 

2,147 

Net Earnings (Loss) 

27,524 

(37,015 

2,166 

(7,325 

66 

Consolidating Statement of Operations 

 For the Year Ended December 28, 2008 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantor 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Restaurant sales 

522,106 

383,718 

24,493 

930,317 

Commissary sales 

85,234 

(85,234) 

Franchise and other revenue 

996 

157 

(310) 

843 

523,102 

469,109 

(61,051) 

931,160 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of restaurant sales: 

Cost of food and beverage 

153,296 

113,908 

8,801 

276,005 

Payroll and benefits 

192,057 

139,581 

(5,642) 

325,996 

Restaurant operating costs 

97,552 

72,396 

18,018 

187,966 

Cost of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization shown separately below 

442,905 

325,885 

21,177 

789,967 

Cost of commissary sales 

85,047 

(85,047) 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

33,888 

369 

34,257 

General and administrative expenses 

6,554 

38,902 

(1,164) 

44,292 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

29,322 

20,540 

914 

50,776 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

4,797 

9,808 

2,384 

16,989 

Goodwill impairment 

93,656 

93,656 

Pre-opening costs 

2,181 

1,740 

3,921 

485,759 

609,466 

(61,367) 

1,033,858 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

37,343 

(140,357) 

316 

(102,698) 
 
 Other Expense (Income): 

Interest expense, net 

18,257 

(3,964) 

673 

14,966 

Other, net 

10 

10 

18,267 

(3,964) 

673 

14,976 

Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

19,076 

(136,393) 

(357) 

(117,674) 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

15,172 

(349) 

14,823 

Net Earnings (Loss) 

3,904 

(136,044) 

(357) 

(132,497) 

67 

Consolidating Statement of Operations 

 For the Year Ended December 30, 2007 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Restaurant sales 

542,900 

398,991 

27,606 

969,497 

Commissary sales 

244,553 

(236,770 

7,783 

Franchise and other revenue 

935 

(105 

(358 

472 

543,835 

643,439 

(209,522 

977,752 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of restaurant sales: 

Cost of food and beverage 

157,993 

116,854 

9,252 

284,099 

Payroll and benefits 

192,807 

142,854 

(4,017 

331,644 

Restaurant operating costs 

97,254 

69,562 

17,975 

184,791 

Cost of restaurant sales, exclusive of depreciation and 

 amortization shown separately below 

448,054 

329,270 

23,210 

800,534 

Cost of commissary sales 

243,790 

(236,090 

7,700 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

32,150 

387 

32,537 

General and administrative expenses 

9,386 

42,705 

(3,421 

48,670 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

28,746 

20,946 

1,190 

50,882 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

(91 

11,619 

5,009 

16,537 

Pre-opening costs 

1,801 

1,311 

(47 

3,065 

487,896 

681,791 

(209,762 

959,925 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

55,939 

(38,352 

240 

17,827 

Other Expense (Income): 

Interest expense, net 

15,421 

(3,898 

806 

12,329 

Other, net 

54,203 

(54,290 

(87 

69,624 

(58,188 

806 

12,242 

(Loss) Earnings Before Income Taxes 

(13,685 

19,836 

(566 

5,585 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

4,307 

(6,208 

177 

(1,724 

Net (Loss) Earnings 

(17,992 

26,044 

(743 

7,309 

68 

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

 For the Year Ended December 27, 2009 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net earnings (loss) 

27,524 

(37,015 

2,166 

(7,325 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

27,030 

19,508 

745 

47,283 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and swap termination 

 payments, net 

282 

282 

Deferred income taxes and other income tax related items 

(638 

(638 

Share-based compensation 

4,489 

4,489 

Amortization of deferred gain on sale-leasebacks 

(1,056 

(1,056 

Loss on the sale of assets 

83 

46 

129 

Non-cash impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

3,506 

7,469 

10,975 

Noncontrolling interests 

(83 

(83 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts and other receivables 

3,464 

(1,314 

11 

2,161 

Inventories 

(127 

6,897 

66 

6,836 

Other current assets 

11 

2,501 

32 

2,544 

Trade accounts payable 

(3,069 

(3,217 

(5,079 

(11,365 

Deferred revenue 

(93 

(51 

(144 

Accrued payroll, accrued expenses, and federal, state and local 

 taxes 

(2,655 

(3,690 

(78 

(6,423 

Other long-term assets and liabilities 

5,846 

575 

(5,694 

727 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

64,690 

(8,333 

(7,965 

48,392 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property and equipment 

(10,181 

(6,714 

2,231 

(14,664 

Proceeds from the sale of assets 

68 

7,903 

7,971 

Other, net 

(28,692 

29,536 

(799 

45 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(38,805 

30,725 

1,432 

(6,648 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments on long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations 

(30,452 

(30,452 

Payments to noncontrolling interests 

(300 

(300 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuances under stock purchase plan 

799 

799 

Proceeds from swap cancellation 

3,510 

3,510 

Shares tendered and retired for minimum tax withholding 

(220 

(220 

Debt issuance costs 

(19 

(19 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(26,682 

(26,682 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(797 

22,392 

(6,533 

15,062 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

2,924 

(2,639 

6,533 

6,818 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

2,127 

19,753 

21,880 

69 

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

 For the Year Ended December 28, 2008 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net earnings (loss) 

3,904 

(136,044 

(357 

(132,497 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

29,322 

20,540 

914 

50,776 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and swap termination 

 payments, net 

1,326 

1,326 

Deferred income taxes and other income tax related items 

22,666 

22,666 

Share-based compensation 

5,917 

5,917 

Amortization of deferred gain on sale-leasebacks 

(1,056 

(1,056 

Loss on the sale of assets 

59 

59 

Goodwill impairment 

93,656 

93,656 

Non-cash impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

46 

14,208 

2,634 

16,888 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts and other receivables 

(3,217 

1,260 

(83 

(2,040 

Inventories 

(430 

(4,967 

(9 

(5,406 

Other current assets 

(2 

(3,386 

10 

(3,378 

Trade accounts payable 

(1,777 

707 

6,728 

5,658 

Deferred revenue 

420 

(116 

304 

Accrued payroll, accrued expenses, and federal, state and local 

 taxes 

4,075 

119 

180 

4,374 

Other long-term assets and liabilities 

(3,439 

(1,035 

1,563 

(2,911 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

57,394 

(14,522 

11,464 

54,336 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property and equipment 

(20,582 

(28,851 

2,033 

(47,400 

Proceeds from the sale of assets 

2,405 

1,779 

4,184 

Other, net 

(26,735 

34,465 

(7,627 

103 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(44,912 

5,614 

(3,815 

(43,113 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

23,812 

23,812 

Payments on long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations 

(8,360 

(1,149 

(9,509 

Dividends Paid 

(3,864 

(3,864 

Shares repurchased 

(24,775 

(24,775 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuances under stock purchase plan 

1,109 

1,109 

Excess tax benefit derived from share-based payments 

177 

177 

Shares tendered and retired for minimum tax withholding 

(583 

(583 

Debt issuance costs 

(891 

(891 

Other financing activities 

137 

137 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(13,238 

(1,149 

(14,387 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(756 

(8,908 

6,500 

(3,164 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

3,680 

6,269 

33 

9,982 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

2,924 

(2,639 

6,533 

6,818 

70 

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

 For the Year Ended December 30, 2007 

Parent Company 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Minor Subsidiaries and Consolidating Adjustments 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) earnings 

(17,992 

26,044 

(743 

7,309 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

28,746 

20,946 

1,190 

50,882 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and swap termination 

 payments, net 

870 

870 

Deferred income taxes and other income tax related items 

(7,760 

(7,760 

Share-based compensation 

4,036 

4,036 

Amortization of deferred gain on sale-leasebacks 

(1,056 

(1,056 

Loss on the sale of assets 

199 

199 

Impairment, disposal and restructuring charges, net 

(2,647 

11,619 

5,010 

13,982 

Noncontrolling interests 

(77 

(77 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

(1,834 

(651 

36 

(2,449 

Inventories 

(432 

12,712 

30 

12,310 

Other current assets 

423 

955 

(4 

1,374 

Trade accounts payable 

(6,728 

(4,453 

4,441 

(6,740 

Deferred revenue 

(1,972 

16 

(1,956 

Accrued payroll, accrued expenses, and federal, state and 

 local taxes 

(9,320 

173 

(29 

(9,176 

Other long-term assets and liabilities 

2,958 

(1,186 

2,131 

3,903 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(10,614 

64,187 

12,078 

65,651 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property and equipment 

(18,835 

(31,482 

(1,681 

(51,998 

Proceeds from the sale of assets 

4,303 

10,391 

14,694 

Other, net 

64,191 

(53,351 

(10,694 

146 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

49,659 

(74,442 

(12,375 

(37,158 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments on long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations 

(10,415 

(10,415 

Dividends Paid 

(4,228 

(4,228 

Shares repurchased 

(30,000 

(30,000 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuances under stock purchase plan 

6,262 

6,262 

Excess tax benefit derived from share-based payments 

737 

737 

Shares tendered and retired for minimum tax withholding 

(738 

(738 

Debt issuance costs 

(52 

(52 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(38,434 

(38,434 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

611 

(10,255 

(297 

(9,941 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

3,069 

16,524 

330 

19,923 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

3,680 

6,269 

33 

9,982 

71 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

Balance at Beginning of Period 

Additions Charged to Costs and Expenses 

Charged to Other Accounts 

Deductions 

Balance at End of Period 

Description 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Year ended December 27, 2009 

65,791 

8,298 

1,826 

72,263 

Year ended December 28, 2008 

4,772 

61,621 

602 

65,791 

Year ended December 30, 2007 

4,288 

485 

1 

4,772 

For the year ended December 27, 2009, the additions charged to costs and expenses reflects the additional valuation allowance needed to offset the increase in deferred tax assets from the prior year. For the year ended December 28, 2008, the additions charged to costs and expenses are more than prior years due to the establishment of the
valuation allowance against substantially all deferred tax assets. The deductions for the year ended December 27, 2009 are greater than prior years due to utilization and realization of state net operating losses, which have been reduced for state adjustment items. 

See accompanying report of the independent registered public accounting firm. 

72 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on
that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

(ii) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

(iii) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2009. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework . 

Based on management s assessment and those criteria, management believes that, as of December 27, 2009, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal quarter ended December 27, 2009 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

73 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

O Charley s Inc.: 

We have audited O Charley s Inc. s (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, O Charley s Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of O Charley s Inc. as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive (loss) income,
and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 27, 2009, and our report dated March 12, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Nashville, Tennessee 

March 12, 2010 

74 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The Proxy Statement issued in connection with the shareholders meeting to be held on May 12, 2010, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b), contains under the captions Corporate Governance, Election of Directors and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to General Instruction G(3), certain information concerning executive officers of the Company is included in Part I of this Form 10-K, under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The Proxy Statement issued in connection with the shareholders meeting to be held on May 12, 2010, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b), contains under the captions Director Compensation and Executive Compensation information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 

The Proxy Statement issued in connection with the shareholders meeting to be held on May 12, 2010, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b), contains under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Election of Directors and Equity Compensation
Plans information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The Proxy Statement issued in connection with the shareholders meeting to be held on May 12, 2010, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b), contains under the caption Certain Transactions information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The Proxy Statement issued in connection with the shareholders meeting to be held on May 12, 2010, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b), contains under the caption Fees Billed to the Company by KPMG LLP During 2009 and 2008 information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

75 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 

1. Financial Statements: See Item 8 

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules: See Item 8 

3. 

Management Contracts and Compensatory Plans and Arrangements 

CHUX Ownership Plan (included as Exhibit 10.1) 

Amendment to CHUX Ownership Plan (included as Exhibit 10.2) 

O Charley s 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (included as Exhibit 10.3) 

O Charley s Inc. Executive Incentive Plan (included as Exhibit 10.4) 

O Charley s Inc. 2008 Equity and Incentive Plan (included as Exhibit 10.5) 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (included as Exhibit 10.18) 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (included as Exhibit 10.19) 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Time-Based Vesting) (included as Exhibit 10.20) 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Performance-Based Vesting) (included as Exhibit 10.21) 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Performance-Based Vesting) (included as Exhibit 10.22) 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Time-Based Vesting) (included as Exhibit 10.23) 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors (included as Exhibit 10.24) 

Form of Non-qualified Stock Option (included as Exhibit 10.25) 

Summary of Director and Executive Officer Compensation (included as Exhibit 10.27) 

O Charley s Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (restated) (included as Exhibit 10.28) 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 3, 2009, between O Charley s Inc. and Jeffrey D. Warne (included as Exhibit 10.29) 

Form of Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 6, 2007, between O Charley s Inc. and each of Lawrence E. Hyatt, Wilson L. Craft, John R. Grady and Lawrence D. Taylor (included as Exhibit 10.30) 

Form of First Amendment to O Charley s Inc. Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 12, 2009 (included as Exhibit 10.31) 

Form of Second Amendment to O Charley s Inc. Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 11, 2009 (included as Exhibit 10.32) 

First Amendment to O Charley s Inc. Executive Employment Agreement between O Charley s Inc. and Lawrence E. Hyatt dated January 12, 2009 (included as Exhibit 10.33) 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 10, 2008, between O Charley s Inc. and Gregory L. Burns (included as Exhibit 10.34) 

Transition Agreement and General Release, dated February 12, 2009, between O Charley s Inc. and Gregory L. Burns (included as Exhibit 10.35) 

76 

4. Exhibits: 

Exhibit 

 Number 

Description 

2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement by and among O Charley s Inc., 99 Boston, Inc., 99 Boston of Vermont, Inc., Doe Family II LLC, and each of William A. Doe, III, Dana G. Doe and Charles F. Doe, Jr. (Pursuant to Item 601 (b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the schedules and exhibits to this agreement are omitted, but will be provided supplementally
to the Commission upon request.) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

2.2 

Merger Agreement by and among O Charley s Inc., Volunteer Acquisition Corporation, 99 West, Inc., and each of William A. Doe, III, Dana G. Doe and Charles F. Doe, Jr. (Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the schedules and exhibits to this agreement are omitted, but will be provided supplementally to the Commission upon
request.) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

3.1 

Restated Charter of O Charley s Inc. (restated electronically for Commission filing purposes only) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 13, 2009) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of O Charley s Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 13, 2009) 

4.1 

Form of Certificate for the Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-35170) 

4.2 

Rights Agreement, dated December 8, 2000, between the Company and First Union National Bank, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 27, 2000) (File No. 0-18629) 

4.3 

Indenture, dated as of November 4, 2003, by and among O Charley s Inc., various direct and indirect subsidiaries of O Charley s Inc. and The Bank of New York (including Form of 144A Global Note and Form of Regulation S Temporary Global Note). (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 5, 2003) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.1 

CHUX Ownership Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the Commission on April 8, 2009) 

10.2 

Amendment to CHUX Ownership Plan 

10.3 

O Charley s 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 9, 2000) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.4 

O Charley s Inc. Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the Commission on April 19, 2007) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.5 

O Charley s Inc. 2008 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 28, 2008) 

10.6 

Master Lease, dated December 4, 2001, by and between Double 9 Property I LLC and Doe Family II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.7 

Assignment and Assumption of Lease and Acknowledgement of Master Lease Assignment and Subordination, Nondisturbance and Attornment Agreement, dated January 27, 2003, by and among Doe Family II LLC, 99 West, Inc., Double 9 Property I LLC, 99 Remainder I LLC and GE Capital Franchise Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.34 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.8 

Master Lease, dated December 4, 2001, by and between Double 9 Property II LLC and Doe Family II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.9 

First Amendment to Master Lease, dated February 1, 2002, by and between Double 9 Property II LLC and Doe Family II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.10 

Assignment and Assumption of Lease and Acknowledgement of Master Lease Assignment and Subordination, Nondisturbance and Attornment Agreement, dated January 27, 2003, by and among Doe Family II LLC, 99 West, Inc., Double 9 Property II LLC, 99 Remainder II LLC and GE Capital Franchise Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.37 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.11 

Master Lease, dated December 4, 2001, by and between Double 9 Property III LLC and Doe Family II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.12 

Assignment and Assumption of Lease and Acknowledgement of Master Lease Assignment and Subordination, Nondisturbance and Attornment Agreement, dated January 27, 2003, by and among Doe Family II LLC, 99 West, Inc., Double 9 Property III LLC, 99 Remainder III LLC and GE Capital Franchise Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.39 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.13 

Master Lease, dated December 4, 2001, by and between Double 9 Property IV LLC and Doe Family II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.14 

First Amendment to Master Lease, dated February 1, 2002, by and between Double 9 Property IV LLC and Doe Family II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.15 

Assignment and Assumption of Lease and Acknowledgement of Master Lease Assignment and Subordination, Nondisturbance and Attornment Agreement, dated January 27, 2003, by and among Doe Family II LLC, 99 West, Inc., Double 9 Property IV LLC, 99 Remainder IV LLC and GE Capital Franchise Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.42 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.16 

Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2010, by and among O Charley s Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders referred to therein, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. as Syndication Agent, Regions Bank, as Documentation Agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Regions
Bank and Banc of America Securities LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Running Managers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 27, 2010) 

10.17 

Form of Lease Agreement by and between CNL Funding 2001-A, LP, as landlord, and O Charley s Inc., as tenant. In accordance with Rule 12b-31 under the Exchange Act, copies of other lease agreements, which are substantially identical to Exhibit 10.1 in all material respects, except as to the landlord, the tenant, the property involved
and the rent due thereunder, are omitted. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-112429-03) 

10.18 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2004) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.19 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2004) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.20 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Time-Based Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2004) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.21 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Performance-Based Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2004) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.22 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Performance-Based Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2007) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.23 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (Time-Based Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2007) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.24 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2004) (File No. 0-18629) 

10.25 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 19, 2009) 

10.26 

Lease, dated as of December 17, 2004, between Bellingham Mechanic, LLC and 99 Commissary, LLC and related Guaranty. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 26, 2004) 

10.27 

Summary of Director and Executive Officer Compensation 

10.28 

O Charley s Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (restated) 

10.29 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 3, 2009, between O Charley s Inc and Jeffrey D. Warne (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 4, 2009) 

10.30 

Form of Executive Employment Agreement, dated November 6, 2007, between O Charley s Inc. and each of Lawrence E. Hyatt, John R. Grady and Lawrence D. Taylor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 9, 2007) 

10.31 

Form of First Amendment to O Charley s Inc. Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 12, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 16, 2009) 

10.32 

Form of Second Amendment to O Charley s Inc. Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 11, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2008) 

10.33 

First Amendment to O Charley s Inc. Executive Employment Agreement between O Charley s Inc. and Lawrence E. Hyatt, dated January 12, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 16, 2009) 

10.34 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 10, 2008, between O Charley s Inc. and Gregory L. Burns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 11, 2008) 

10.35 

Transition Agreement and General Release, dated February 12, 2009, between O Charley s Inc. and Gregory L. Burns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 12, 2009) 

10.36 

Settlement Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2008, by and among O Charley s Inc., Eric S. Rosenfeld, Crescendo Partners II, L.P., Series Z, Crescendo Partners III, L.P., Crescendo Investments II, LLC and Crescendo Investments III, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on December 24, 2008) 

10.37 

Second Settlement Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2008, by and among O Charley s Inc., Eric S. Rosenfeld, Crescendo Partners II, L.P., Series Z, Crescendo Partners III, L.P., Crescendo Investments II, LLC and Crescendo Investments III, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 13, 2008) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company 

23 

Consent of KPMG LLP 

31.1 

Certification Jeffrey D. Warne, Chief Executive Officer of O Charley s Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification Lawrence E. Hyatt, Chief Financial Officer of O Charley s Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of Jeffrey D. Warne, Chief Executive Officer of O Charley s Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Certification of Lawrence E. Hyatt, Chief Financial Officer of O Charley s Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

Date: March 12, 2010 By: /s/
JEFFREY D. WARNE 

 Jeffrey
D. Warne 

 Chief
Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/JEFFREY D. WARNE 

Director, Chief Executive Officer and President 

March 12, 2010 

Jeffrey D. Warne 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ LAWRENCE E. HYATT 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

March 12, 2010 

Lawrence E. Hyatt 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ R. JEFFREY WILLIAMS 

Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller 

March 12, 2010 

R. Jeffrey Williams 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ PHILIP J. HICKEY, JR 

Chairman of the Board 

March 12, 2010 

Philip J. Hickey, Jr. 

/s/ ARNAUD AJDLER 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Arnaud Ajdler 

/s/ WILLIAM F. ANDREWS 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

William F. Andrews 

/s/ DOUGLAS BENHAM 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Douglas Benham 

/s/ GREGORY MONAHAN 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Gregory Monahan 

/s/ DALE W. POLLEY 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Dale W. Polley 

/s/ RICHARD REISS, JR 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Richard Reiss, Jr. 

/s/ H. STEVE TIDWELL 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

H. Steve Tidwell 

/s/ ROBERT J. WALKER 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Robert J. Walker 

/s/SHIRLEY A. ZEITLIN 

Director 

March 12, 2010 

Shirley A. Zeitlin 

80 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 exhibit10-2.htm
 AMENDMENT TO CHUX OWNERSHIP PLAN

exhibit10-2.htm 

AMENDMENT TO THE CHUX OWNERSHIP PLAN 

WHEREAS , effective as of October 1, 1993, O Charley s Inc. (the Company adopted the CHUX Ownership Plan (as amended to date, the Plan and 

WHEREAS , the Company most recently amended the Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan from 1,350,000 shares to 2,350,000 shares; and 

WHEREAS , the Company desires to amend the Plan again to (i) limit the amount of lump sum contributions to the Plan and (ii) make technical changes required by final regulations published under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended. 

NOW, THEREFORE , effective April 1, 2010, the Company hereby amends the Plan as follows: 

1. The first sentence of Section 3.1 of the Plan is amended to provide as follows: 

Without the approval of the shareholders of O Charley s, no amendment to this Plan shall (i) increase the number of shares reserved under the Plan, other than as provided in Section 10.3, (ii) alter the designation of corporations whose employees shall be permitted
to participate in the Plan, except as permitted in Section 1.423-2(c)(4) of the Treasury Regulations or (iii) alter the granting corporation or the Stock available for purchase under the Plan. 

2. Section 5.4 of the Plan is amended to provide as follows: 

5.4 Lump Sum Contributions 

Subject to the limitations described in Section 5.5, a Participant who has not discontinued his contributions pursuant to Section 5.2 or elected to withdraw his contributions pursuant to Section 5.3 may make no more than one (1) lump sum contribution during each Plan Period. The amount of a lump sum contribution shall be limited
to the amount of missed Participant contributions (made pursuant to Section 5.1), if any, experienced by a Participant during a Plan Period. No other lump sum contributions shall be permitted under the Plan. Any lump sum contributions shall be paid by check by the Participant, delivered at least ten (10) days prior to the last day of the applicable Plan Period and shall be credited to the Participant s Contribution Account. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, O Charley s Inc. has caused this Amendment to the CHUX Ownership Plan to be executed this 11th day of February, 2010, by its duly authorized officers. 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

By: /s/ Lawrence E. Hyatt 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 exhibit10-27.htm
 SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION

exhibit10-27.htm 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

O'CHARLEY'S INC. (THE "COMPANY") 

SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR AND NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 

I. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION. Directors who are employees of the Company do not receive additional compensation for serving as directors of the Company. The following table sets forth current rates of cash compensation for the Company's non-employee directors. 

Annual Retainer 

25,000 (payable in quarterly installments) 

Fee for attending each Board or 

Committee meeting in person 

3,000 

Fee 

for attending each Board or 

Committee meeting by telephone 

500 per Committee meeting/ 1,000 per Board meeting 

Additional annual fee for the Audit 

Committee Chair, Compensation and Human 

Resources Committee Chair and Nominating 

and Corporate Governance Committee Chair 

6,000 (payable in quarterly installments) 

Each non-employee director receives a grant of restricted stock valued at 100,000 on the date of his or her initial election or appointment to the Board. These shares vest in three equal, annual installments beginning on the first anniversary date of the grant. In addition, on the
date of each annual meeting of shareholders, each non-employee director who continues as a director following such meeting and who has served as a director for at least 11 months prior to such meeting receives a grant of restricted stock valued at 80,000 based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares vest in full on the date of the next annual meeting of shareholders following the date of grant. 

II. NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION. The following table sets forth the current base salaries provided to the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and three other most highly compensated executive officers. For
2009 and 2010, none of our named executive officers received a raise in base salary over 2008, other than Mr. Warne in connection with his promotion to Chief Executive Officer. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

CURRENT SALARY 

Jeffrey D. Warne 

600,000 

Lawrence E. Hyatt 

422,650 

Wilson Craft 

445,000 

John R. Grady 

357,000 

Lawrence D. Taylor 

299,600 

The Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and three other most highly compensated executive officers are also eligible to receive cash incentive bonuses for fiscal 2010 financial performance. For 2010, the Company has established target cash bonuses (as a percentage of base salary)
for its named executive officers as follows. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

TARGET 

Jeffrey D. Warne 

100 

Lawrence E. Hyatt 

67 

Wilson Craft 

70 

John R. Grady 

60 

Lawrence D. Taylor 

60 

Bonuses will only be paid if the Company meets or exceeds budgeted pre-bonus EBITDA. 

For Messrs. Warne, Hyatt and Taylor, the performance targets are based entirely on meeting the corporate pre-bonus EBITDA budget. For Messrs. Craft and Grady, the performance targets are based 40 on meeting the corporate pre-bonus EBITDA budget and 60 on meeting concept
pre-bonus EBITDA (O'Charley's and Ninety Nine, respectively) budget. 

In addition to their base salaries and bonus potential, the most highly compensated executive officers are also eligible to: 

participate in the Company's long-term incentive program, which currently involves the award of non-qualified stock options pursuant to the Company's 2008 Equity and Incentive Plan; 

receive a 25,000 per year car allowance; 

participate in the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan; 

participate in the Company's broad-based benefit programs generally available to its salaried employees, including health, disability and life insurance programs; and 

receive Company-provided life, accidental death and dismemberment, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance benefits. 

III. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. The foregoing information is summary in nature. Additional information regarding director and Named Executive Officer compensation will be provided in the Company s proxy statement to be filed in connection with the 2010 annual meeting
of stockholders. 

6710583.2 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 exhibit10-28.htm
 O'CHARLEY'S INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

exhibit10-28.htm 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I TITLE AND DEFINITIONS 

1 

1.1 

Title and Purpose. 

1 

1.2 

Definitions. 

1 

ARTICLE II PARTICIPATION 

8 

ARTICLE III DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 

8 

3.1 

Elections to Defer Compensation. 

8 

3.2 

Investment Elections. 

10 

3.3 

Company Matching Contribution. 

10 

3.4 

Company Discretionary Contribution. 

10 

ARTICLE IV DEFERRAL ACCOUNTS AND TRUST FUNDING 

10 

4.1 

Deferral Accounts. 

10 

4.2 

Company Discretionary Contribution Accounts and Company Matching Contribution Accounts. 

11 

4.3 

Trust Funding. 

12 

ARTICLE V VESTING 

12 

ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS 

13 

6.1 

Distribution of Deferred Compensation and Discretionary Company Contributions. 

13 

6.2 

Change in Control. 

14 

6.3 

Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution. 

14 

6.4 

Required Delay in Payment to Key Employees 

15 

6.5 

Inability to Locate Participant. 

16 

6.6 

Cash-outs. 

16 

6.7 

Permissible Delays in Payment. 

16 

6.8 

Permitted Acceleration of Payment. 

17 

ARTICLE VII ADMINISTRATION 

17 

7.1 

Committee. 

17 

7.2 

Committee Action. 

17 

7.3 

Powers and Duties of the Committee. 

18 

7.4 

Construction and Interpretation. 

18 

7.5 

Information. 

19 

7.6 

Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity. 

19 

7.7 

Claims Review Procedure. 

19 

7.8 

Delegation. 

20 

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 

21 

8.1 

Unsecured General Creditor. 

21 

8.2 

Restriction Against Assignment. 

21 

8.3 

Withholding. 

22 

8.4 

Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination. 

22 

8.5 

Governing Law. 

22 

8.6 

Receipt or Release. 

22 

8.7 

Payments on Behalf of Persons Under Incapacity. 

22 

8.8 

Limitation of Rights and Employment Relationship. 

22 

8.9 

Headings. 

22 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

WHEREAS, O Charley s Inc. (the Company established the O Charley s Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan to provide supplemental retirement income benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Company, effective January 1, 1999; and 

WHEREAS, the Company most recently restated the Plan on a prototype document provided by Fidelity Management and Research Company Fidelity ), effective January 1, 2008; and 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to change the record keeper for the Plan from Fidelity to Merrill Lynch Bank Trust Co., FSB; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the change in record keeper, the Company desires to restate the Plan pursuant to an individually designed plan document. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is hereby restated, effective January 1, 2010, to read as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

TITLE AND DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Title and Purpose . 

This Plan shall be known as the O Charley s Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. The purpose of the Plan is to retain and reward certain management and highly compensated employees of the Company who have contributed to the Company s success and are expected to continue to contribute to such success in the future. The
Plan shall cover certain employees of the Company who are members of a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. The Company shall have the authority to take any and all actions necessary or desirable in order for the Plan to satisfy the requirements set forth in ERISA and the regulations thereunder applicable to plans maintained for employees who are members of a select group of management or highly
compensated employees. The Plan is intended to conform with the requirements of Section 409A and the Regulations issued thereunder and shall be implemented and administered in a manner consistent therewith. 

1.2 Definitions . 

Whenever the following words and phrases are used in this Plan, with the first letter capitalized, they shall have the meanings specified below. 

(a) Account or Accounts shall mean a Participant s Deferral Account, Company
Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account. 

1 

(b) Affiliated Company shall mean any corporation which is a member of a controlled group
of corporations of which the Company is a member, or any unincorporated trade or business which is under the common control of or with the Company which are required to be aggregated with the Company under Sections 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code, with the substitution of the phrase at least 50 for the phrase at least 80 percent each place at least 80 percent appears in Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) of the Code with regard to whether or not a Participant experiences
a Separation from Service as permitted in Section 1.409A-1(h)(3) of the Regulations. 

(c) Alternate Payee means any spouse, former spouse, child or other dependent of a Participant who
is recognized by a Domestic Relations Order as having a right to receive all, or a portion of, the benefits payable under this Plan to that Participant. 

(d) Base Salary shall mean a Participant s wages as defined in Section 3401(a) of the Code
and all other payments of compensation to a Participant by the Company (in the course of the Company s trade or business) for which the Company is required to furnish the Participant a written statement under Sections 6041(d) and 6051(a)(3) of the Code, excluding reimbursements or other expense allowances, fringe benefits (cash and non-cash), moving expenses, deferred compensation and welfare benefits, but including amounts that are not includable in the gross income of the Participant under a salary reduction
agreement by reason of the application of Sections 125, 132(f)(4), 402(e)(3), 403(h) or 403(b) of the Code. Base Salary shall be determined without regard to any rules under Section 3401(a) of the Code that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services performed (such as the exception for agricultural labor in Section 3401(a)(2) of the Code). Base Salary shall include any quarterly bonuses or nonperformance-based bonuses awarded
to a Participant during a Plan Year. In addition, Base Salary shall include any amounts deferred under this Plan pursuant to Section 3.1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Base Salary shall not include commissions, the value of an incentive stock option or a non-qualified stock option granted to a Participant by the Company to the extent such value is includable in the Participant s taxable income, auto and gas allowance, relocation allowance and the value of a restricted stock award
granted to a Participant by the Company to the extent such value is includable in the Participant s taxable income. 

(e) Beneficiary or Beneficiaries shall mean the person or persons, including a trustee,
personal representative or other fiduciary, last designated in writing by a Participant in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, which procedures may include electronic designations, to receive the benefits specified hereunder in the event of the Participant s death. No beneficiary designation shall become effective until it is filed with the Committee. Any designation shall be revocable at any time through a written instrument filed by the Participant with the Committee
with or without the consent of the previous Beneficiary. However, no designation of a Beneficiary other than the Participant s spouse shall be valid unless consented to in writing by such spouse. If there is no such designation or if there is no surviving designated Beneficiary, then the Participant s surviving spouse shall be the Beneficiary. If there is no surviving spouse to receive any benefits payable in accordance with the preceding sentence, the duly appointed
and currently acting personal representative of the Participant s estate (which shall include either the Participant s probate estate or living trust) shall be the Beneficiary. In any case where there is no such personal representative of the Participant s estate duly appointed and acting in that capacity within ninety (90) days after the Participant s death (or such extended period as the Committee determines is reasonably necessary to allow such personal representative to
be appointed, but not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days after the Participant s death), then Beneficiary shall mean the person or persons who can verify by affidavit or court order to the satisfaction of the Committee that they are legally entitled to receive the benefits specified hereunder. In the event any amount is payable under the Plan to a minor, payment shall not be made to the minor, but instead be paid (a) to that person s living parent(s) to act as custodian, (b) if that
person s parents are then divorced, and one parent is the sole custodial parent, to such custodial parent, or (c) if no parent of that person is then living, to a custodian selected by the Committee to hold the funds for the minor under the Uniform Transfers or Gifts to Minors Act in effect in the jurisdiction in which the minor resides. If no parent is living and the Committee decides not to select another custodian to hold the funds for the minor, then payment shall be made to the duly appointed
and currently acting guardian of the estate for the minor or, if no guardian of the estate for the minor is duly appointed and currently acting within sixty (60) days after the date the amount becomes payable, payment shall be deposited with the court having jurisdiction over the estate of the minor. Payment by the Company pursuant to any unrevoked Beneficiary designation, or to the Participant s estate if no such designation exists, of all benefits owed hereunder shall terminate any and all
liability of the Company. 

2 

(f) Board of Directors or Board shall mean the Board of Directors of O Charley s Inc. 

(g) Bonus shall mean additional year-end performance-based compensation other than Base Salary.
Any quarterly bonuses or nonperformance-based bonuses awarded to a Participant during a Plan Year shall be treated as Base Salary and not as a Bonus for purposes of the Plan. 

(h) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change
in the effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, as such terms are defined in Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) of the Regulation. 

(i) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(j) Committee shall mean the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors
of O Charley s Inc., or such other committee or employees that have been specifically delegated duties regarding the administration of the Plan by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors of O Charley s Inc. in accordance with Section 7.8 of the Plan. 

(k) Company shall mean O Charley s Inc. and any Affiliated Companies. 

(l) Company Discretionary Contribution Account shall mean the bookkeeping account maintained by
the Company for each Participant that is credited with an amount equal to the Company Discretionary Contribution Amount, if any, and earnings and losses pursuant to Section 4.2. 

3 

(m) Company Discretionary Contribution Amount shall mean, for each Participant for a Plan Year,
an additional amount allocated to a Participant under this Plan as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Such Amount may differ from Participant to Participant both in amount, including no contribution, and as a percentage of Compensation. 

(n) Company Matching Contribution Account shall mean the bookkeeping account maintained by the Company
for each Participant that is credited with an amount equal to the Company Matching Contribution Amount and earnings and losses pursuant to Section 4.2. 

(o) Company Matching Contribution Amount shall mean, for each Participant for a Plan Year, an amount
allocated to a Participant under this Plan on account of his or her elective deferrals as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The Company may provide, in its sole discretion, that the amount of any Company Matching Contribution Amount made by the Company with respect to any Participant for a given Plan Year, if any, shall be reduced by the amount of any matching contributions made by the Company on the Participant s behalf under the O Charley s Inc. 401(k)
Plan for such Plan Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any offset of a Company Matching Contribution Amount under this Plan for a given Plan Year shall be made in accordance with, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 1.409A-2(a)(9) and 1.409A-3(j)(5) of the Regulations. 

(p) Compensation shall mean Base Salary and Bonus that the Participant is entitled to receive for services rendered to
the Company. 

(q) Deferral Account shall mean the bookkeeping account maintained by the Committee for each Participant
that is credited with amounts equal to (1) the portion of the Participant s Compensation that he or she elects to defer, and (2) interest pursuant to Section 4.1. 

(r) Distributable Amount shall mean the vested balance in the Participant s Deferral Account,
Company Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account. 

(s) Domestic Relations Order means a judgment, decree or order (including approval of a property
settlement agreement) which is made pursuant to a state domestic relations law, which relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments or marital property rights to an Alternate Payee, and which creates or recognizes the existence of an Alternate Payee s right to, or assigns to an Alternate Payee the right to, receive all or a portion of the benefits payable to a Participant. 

(t) Effective Date shall mean January 1, 2010. The original effective date of the Plan was January 1, 1999. 

(u) Eligible Employee shall mean such management and highly compensated employees who satisfy the
eligibility guidelines established by the Committee for participation in this Plan, including executive officers or other management and highly compensated personnel. 

4 

(v) ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to
time. References to any section of ERISA shall include any successor provision of that statute. 

(w) Fund or Funds shall mean one or more of the investment funds selected by the Committee
pursuant to Section 3.2(b). 

(x) Identification Date means the date determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 1.409A-1(i)(3)
of the Regulations which is the last day of the 12-month period for determination of Key Employees. Unless otherwise designated, the Identification Date shall be December 31. 

(y) Interest Rate shall mean, for each Fund, an amount equal to the net rate of gain or loss
on the assets of such Fund for each day. Such Interest Rate shall be based on the market value of the fund as of the end of each day upon which the fund is valued (e.g., each business day). 

(z) Key Employee shall mean a key employee of the Company as described in Section
416(i)(1)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) of the Code (without regard to Section 416(i)(5) of the Code) (generally, an officer having annual compensation of more than 160,000 (in 2010), as adjusted; a five percent (5 owner; or a one percent (1 owner having annual compensation of more than 150,000), determined at any time during the twelve (12) month period ending on the Identification Date. A Participant who is a Key Employee on an Identification Date shall be treated as a Key Employee for the twelve (12)
month period beginning on April 1 (or such other date designated in accordance with Section 6.4) immediately following such Identification Date. For purposes hereof, the term officer shall be determined on the basis of all facts, including the source of his authority, the term for which elected or appointed, and the nature and extent of his duties. Generally, the term officer means an administrative executive who is in regular and continued service. An
Eligible Employee who merely has the title of an officer, but not the authority of an officer, is not to be considered an officer hereunder. Similarly, an Eligible Employee who does not have the title of an officer but has the authority of an officer is an officer for this purpose. Furthermore, for purposes hereof, during any twelve (12) month period following an Identification Date, no more than fifty (50) employees of all members of the controlled group consisting of the Company and all
Affiliated Companies, or if less, the greater of three (3) individuals or ten percent (10 of such employees of all members of such controlled group, shall be treated as officers hereunder. 

(aa) Participant shall mean any Eligible Employee who becomes a Participant in accordance with Article II. 

(bb) Payment Date shall mean the fifteenth (15 th day of the month which day next follows the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, Scheduled Withdrawal Date or the occurrence of a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a payment shall be deemed to have been made to the Participant upon the Payment Date so long as such payment is made in accordance with the terms of Section 1.409A-3(d) of the Regulations. However, in the case of a payment upon a Separation from Service to a Participant who is a Key Employee,
such Participant s Distributable Amount shall not be paid until at least six (6) months following the date of his or her Separation from Service in accordance with Section 6.4 unless such Separation from Service is on account of death or the Key Employee dies before the end of this six (6) month delay period. 

5 

(cc) Plan shall mean the O Charley s Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan set forth herein, now in effect, or
as amended from time to time. 

(dd) Plan Year shall mean the twelve (12) month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on
each December 31. 

(ee) Regulations means the regulations promulgated by the Treasury Department under the Code. 

(ff) Scheduled Withdrawal Date shall mean the distribution date elected by the Participant for an
in-service withdrawal of all amounts of Compensation deferred in a given Plan Year, and earnings and losses attributable thereto, as set forth on the election form for such Plan Year. A Scheduled Withdrawal Date can be no earlier than three (3) years from the commencement of the Plan Year for which the deferral of Compensation is made. 

(gg) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, related Regulations and guidance thereunder, including
such Regulations and guidance promulgated after the Effective Date of the Plan. 

(hh) Separation from Service means for any Participant the occurrence of any one of the following
events: 

(1) The Participant is discharged by the Company; 

(2) The Participant voluntarily terminates employment (including a Participant s retirement) with the Company; or 

(3) The Participant dies while employed with the Company. 

For purposes of determining whether a Separation from Service has occurred, the term Company shall include any Affiliated Company, and no Separation from Service shall be deemed to have occurred if the Participant remains employed by any Affiliated Company. 

A Separation from Service does not occur if the Participant is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of leave does not exceed six (6) months or such longer period during which the Participant s right to reemployment is provided by statute or contract. If the period of leave
exceeds six (6) months and the Participant s right to reemployment is not provided either by statute or contract, a Separation from Service will be deemed to have occurred on the first day following the six (6) month period. If the period of leave is due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months, where the impairment causes the Participant to be unable to
perform the duties of his or her position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, a twenty-nine (29) month period of absence may be substituted for the six (6) month period. 

6 

Whether a Separation from Service has occurred is based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the Company and the Participant reasonably anticipated that no further services would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the Participant would perform after such date (whether as an employee
or as an independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period of services to the Company if the Participant has been providing services to the Company for less than thirty-six (36) months). 

If a Participant provides services both as an employee and as a member of the Board, the services provided as a director are not taken into account in determining whether the Participant has incurred a Separation from Service as an employee for purposes of this Plan, unless this Plan is aggregated under Section 409A with any plan in
which the Participant participates as a director. 

All determinations of whether a Separation from Service has occurred will be made in a manner consistent with Section 409A and the Regulations thereunder. 

(ii) Trust shall mean the O Charley s Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Trust. 

(jj) The acronym USERRA means the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994,
as amended. 

(kk) Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution shall mean a distribution on account of a severe financial
hardship to a Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s Beneficiary, the Participant s spouse, or the Participant s dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the Code, without regard to Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B) of the Code), loss of the Participant s property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home not otherwise covered by insurance), or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result
of events beyond the control of the Participant (an Unforeseeable Emergency). The purchase of a home and the payment of college tuition are not normally deemed to be an Unforeseeable Emergency. The amount of the Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution must be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency, which may include amounts necessary to pay any Federal, state, local or foreign income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the distribution. The
circumstances that would constitute an Unforeseeable Emergency will depend upon the facts of each case, but, in any case, an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution may not be made to the extent that such Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved (i) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (ii) by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship, or (iii) by the cessation of elective deferrals
under the Plan. The determination of whether or not an Unforeseeable Emergency has occurred shall be made in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(i)(3) of the Regulations. 

7 

(ll) Years of Employment shall mean each one (1) year period measured from the Participant s date of hire or anniversary
of such date of hire. 

ARTICLE II 

PARTICIPATION 

An Eligible Employee shall become a Participant in the Plan by electing to defer a portion of his or her Compensation in accordance with Section 3.1. An Eligible Employee who completes the requirements of the preceding sentence shall immediately be eligible to commence participation in this Plan. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary, if it is determined or reasonably believed, based on a judicial or administrative determination or an opinion of the Company s legal counsel that a Participant is not a management or highly compensated employee, such individual shall (i) immediately cease to be eligible to receive Company Matching Contribution Amounts and Company Discretionary Contribution Amounts for the Plan Year, and (ii) effective upon the first day of the next Plan Year (if the Participant remains ineligible
to participate in the Plan at such time) be ineligible to make elective deferrals under the Plan. 

ARTICLE III 

DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 

3.1 Elections to Defer Compensation . 

(a) Deferral Elections . Subject to the provisions of Article II, each Eligible Employee may elect to
defer Base Salary and Bonus by filing with the Committee an election form that conforms to the requirements of this Section 3.1, in the method provided by the Committee, which method may include electronic elections, no later than the periods described in this Section 3.1. A separate election must be made regarding the deferral of Base Salary and/or Bonus. A Participant s deferral election form must include an election both as to the time and form of payment (e.g, in a lump sum upon
a Participant s Separation from Service). 

(b) Amount of Deferral . The amount of Compensation which an Eligible Employee may elect to defer is
Compensation earned on or after the time at which the Eligible Employee elects to defer in accordance with this Section 3.1 and shall be a percentage which shall not exceed fifty percent (50 of the Eligible Employee s Base Salary and one hundred percent (100 of his or her Bonus, provided that the total amount deferred by a Participant shall be limited in any Plan Year, if necessary, to satisfy Social Security tax (including Medicare), income tax and employee benefit plan withholding requirements as
determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Committee and in accordance with Section 409A. 

(c) Timing of Deferral Elections . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3.1, an election form
to defer Base Salary and Bonus by an Eligible Employee must be filed with the Company at such time as designated by the Committee for each Plan Year, but in no event later than on or before the last day of the Plan Year prior to the Plan Year during which the services will be performed that result in the payment of Compensation subject to such deferral. A Participant s deferral election with respect to Salary and Bonus is irrevocable for the Plan Year. A Participant may increase, decrease
or terminate a deferral election with respect to Base Salary or Bonus for any subsequent Plan Year by filing a new election before the last day of the preceding Plan Year, which election shall be effective on the first day of the next following Plan Year. 

8 

(d) Initial Election Period . In the case of an employee who becomes an Eligible Employee after the
Effective Date, such Eligible Employee shall have thirty (30) days from the date he or she becomes an Eligible Employee to make an initial election with respect to Base Salary and Bonus. Such election shall apply only to Compensation payable for services performed for the remainder of the Plan Year following the date of the initial election, in the event the Plan Year has commenced. For Compensation that is earned based upon a specified performance period (e.g. an annual Bonus) an initial
deferral election will be effective to defer an amount equal to the total amount of the Compensation for the performance period, multiplied by the ratio of the number of days remaining in the performance period after the election over the total number of days in the performance period. 

(e) Elections Regarding Performance-Based Compensation . If a Bonus may be treated as performance-based
compensation which meets the requirements of Section 1.409A-1(e) of the Regulations attributable to a performance period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months, a Participant s benefits deferral election may be made no later than the date which is six (6) months prior to the end of the performance period during which the services on which such Bonus is based are performed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may establish an earlier deadline for such deferrals. 

(f) Elections Regarding Fiscal Year Bonuses . If a Bonus is paid for a period of services coextensive
with one or more consecutive fiscal years of the Company (i.e., it qualifies as fiscal year compensation within the meaning of Section 1.409A-2(a)(6) of the Regulations), then a Participant must complete a deferral election for such a Bonus no later than the close of the Company s fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Participant performs any services for which such Bonus is payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may establish an earlier deadline
for such deferrals. 

(g) Cancellation of Elective Deferrals . The Committee may cancel a Participant s elective deferrals
pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(viii) of the Regulations in connection with the Participant s Unforeseeable Emergency. To the extent required pursuant to the application of Section 1.401(k)-1(d)(3) of the Regulations (or any successor thereto), a Participant s elective deferrals under this Plan shall be automatically cancelled. In addition, the Committee may cancel a Participant s elective deferral pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(xii)
of the Regulations in connection with the Participant s disability. Such cancellation must occur by the later of the end of the Participant s taxable year or the 15 th day of the third month following the date the Participant incurs a disability. For purposes of this paragraph, a disability is any medically determinable physical or mental impairment resulting
in the Participant s inability to perform the duties of his or her position or any substantially similar position, where such impairment can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months. 

9 

(h) USERRA . The Committee may permit a deferral election to be made at a different time than specified
under this Section 3.1 as required to satisfy the requirements of USERRA. 

3.2 Investment Elections . 

(a) At the time of making the deferral elections described in Section 3.1, the Participant shall designate, on a form provided by the Committee, the types of Funds the Participant s Account
will be deemed to be invested in for purposes of determining the amount of earnings to be credited to that Account. In making the designation pursuant to this Section 3.2, the Participant may specify that all or any multiple of his Account (in whole percentage increments) be deemed to be invested in one or more of the types of Funds provided under the Plan as communicated from time to time by the Committee. A Participant may change the designation made under this Section 3.2 on a daily basis
by filing an election in the method provided by the Committee. If a Participant fails to elect a type of Fund under this Section 3.2, he or she shall be deemed to have elected such default fund as elected by the Committee and communicated to Participants, which fund shall closely resemble the qualified default investment alternative provided under the O Charley s Inc. 401(k) Plan from time to time. 

(b) Although the Participant may designate the type of investments, the Committee shall not be bound by such designation. The Committee shall select from time to time, in its sole discretion,
commercially available investments of each of the types communicated by the Committee to the Participant pursuant to Section 3.2(a) above to be the Funds. The Interest Rate of each such commercially available Fund shall be used to determine the amount of earnings or losses to be credited to Participant s Account under Article IV. 

3.3 Company Matching Contribution . 

The Company may make a Company Matching Contribution Amount in accordance with Section 1.2(o). 

3.4 Company Discretionary Contribution . 

The Company may make a Company Discretionary Contribution Amount in accordance with Section 1.2(m). 

ARTICLE IV 

DEFERRAL ACCOUNTS AND TRUST FUNDING 

4.1 Deferral Accounts . 

The Committee shall establish and maintain a Deferral Account for each Participant under the Plan. Each Participant s Deferral Account shall be further divided into separate subaccounts Fund subaccounts ), each of which corresponds to a Fund elected by the Participant pursuant to Section 3.2(a). A Participant s
Deferral Account shall be credited as follows: 

10 

(a) As of five (5) days after the date of deferral, the Committee shall credit the Fund subaccounts of the Participant s Deferral Account with an amount equal to Compensation deferred by
the Participant in accordance with the Participant s election under Section 3.2(a); that is, the portion of the Participant s deferred Compensation that the Participant has elected to be deemed to be invested in a certain type of Fund shall be credited to the Fund subaccount corresponding to that Fund. 

(b) As of the end of each day, each Fund subaccount of a Participant s Deferral Account shall be credited with earnings or losses based upon the Interest Rate for the
corresponding Fund selected by the Company pursuant to Section 3.2(b). 

(c) In the event that a Participant elects for a given Plan Year s deferral of Compensation to have a Scheduled Withdrawal Date, all amounts attributed to the deferral of Compensation for
such Plan Year shall be accounted for in a manner which allows separate accounting for the deferral of Compensation and investment gains and losses associated with such Plan Year s deferral of Compensation. 

4.2 

Company Discretionary Contribution Accounts and Company Matching Contribution Accounts . 

The Committee shall establish and maintain a Company Discretionary Contribution Account and a Company Matching Contribution Account for each Participant under the Plan. Each Participant s Company Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account shall be further divided into separate Fund subaccounts
corresponding to the Funds elected by the Participant pursuant to Section 3.2(a). A Participant s Company Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account shall be credited as follows: 

(a) As of five (5) days after the date of a Company Discretionary Contribution Amount or Company Matching Contribution Amount, the Committee shall credit the Fund subaccounts of the Participant s
Company Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account with an amount equal to the Company Discretionary Contribution Amount, if any, or Company Matching Contribution Amount, if any, applicable to that Participant; that is, the proportion of the Company Discretionary Contribution Amount, if any, and Company Matching Contribution Amount, if any, which the Participant elected to be deemed to be invested in a certain type of Fund shall be credited to the corresponding Fund subaccount;
and 

(b) As of the end of each day, each Fund subaccount of a Participant s Company Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account shall be credited with earnings
or losses based upon the Interest Rate for the corresponding Fund selected by the Company pursuant to Section 3.2(b). 

11 

4.3 Trust Funding . 

The Company has created a Trust with Merrill Lynch Bank Trust Co., FSB serving as trustee of the Plan, effective January 1, 2010. The Company shall cause the Trust to be funded each Plan Year. The Company shall contribute to the Trust an amount equal to the amount deferred by each Participant for the Plan
Year. The Company may also contribute such additional amounts as it shall deem necessary or appropriate. 

Although the principal of the Trust and any earnings thereon shall be held separate and apart from other funds of the Company and are intended to be used exclusively for the purpose of providing benefits to Participants and their Beneficiaries as set forth in the Plan, neither the Participants nor their Beneficiaries shall have any
preferred claim on, or any beneficial ownership in, any assets of the Trust prior to the time such assets are paid to the Participants or Beneficiaries as benefits and all rights created under this Plan shall be unsecured contractual rights of the Participants and Beneficiaries against the Company. Any assets held in the Trust will be subject to the claims of the Company s general creditors under federal and state law in the event of insolvency in accordance with the terms of the Trust. 

ARTICLE V 

VESTING 

A Participant s Deferral Account shall be one hundred percent (100 vested at all times. The vesting schedule for Company Discretionary Contribution Amounts and Company Matching Contribution Amounts as of the Effective Date is as follows: 

Years of Employment 

Vested 

0 

0 

1 

25 

2 

50 

3 

75 

4+ 

100 

A Participant s Account shall become one hundred percent (100 vested upon his death or upon the occurrence of a Change in Control. 

If a distribution from a Participant s Account has been made to him upon his Separation from Service at a time when his Account balance is less than one hundred percent (100 vested, then any Company Matching Contribution Amounts or Company
Discretionary Contribution Amounts then not one hundred percent (100 vested shall be forfeited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a distribution from a Participant s Account has been made to him upon a Scheduled Withdrawal Date at a time when his Account balance is less than one hundred percent (100 vested, then any Company Matching Contribution Amounts or Company Discretionary Contribution Amounts then not one hundred percent (100 vested shall remain in the Participant s Account
and shall be distributed to the Participant, to the extent such amounts later become vested, upon the earlier of the Participant s Separation from Service or the occurrence of a Change in Control. 

12 

ARTICLE VI 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

6.1 Distribution of Deferred Compensation and Discretionary Company Contributions . 

(a) Distribution Without Scheduled Withdrawal Date . In the case of a Participant who incurs a Separation
from Service from the Company and has an Account balance of more than 50,000, the Participant may elect (in accordance with Section 3.1) that his Distributable Amount be paid in (i) a lump sum distribution on the Payment Date or (ii) in substantially equal annual installments over two (2) to ten (10) beginning on the Payment Date. A Participant s entitlement to installments will not be treated as an entitlement to a series of separate payments. The Participant s Account shall continue
to be credited with earnings pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Plan until all amounts credited to his or her Account have been distributed. 

(b) Distribution With Scheduled Withdrawal Date . In the case of a Participant who has elected a Scheduled
Withdrawal Date for a distribution while still in the employ of the Company, such Participant shall receive his or her Distributable Amount, but only with respect to those deferrals of Compensation and earnings on such deferrals of Compensation as shall have been elected by the Participant to be subject to the Scheduled Withdrawal Date in accordance with Sections 1.2(ff) and 3.1 of the Plan. A Participant s Scheduled Withdrawal Date with respect to Compensation deferred in a given Plan Year can
be no earlier than three (3) years from the commencement of the Plan Year for which the deferrals of Compensation are made, and the portion of the Participant s Account balance subject to the Schedule Withdrawal Date shall be paid in a lump sum in the designated month of the elected year as elected by the Participant in the applicable election form. In the event a Participant incurs a Separation from Service from the Company prior to a Scheduled Withdrawal Date, or upon the occurrence of a Change
in Control, the portion of the Participant s Account associated with Scheduled Withdrawal Dates which have not occurred prior to such event shall be distributed in a lump sum on the Participant s Payment Date. 

(c) Small Account Balances . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or a Participant s
previous elections to the contrary, in the case of a Participant who incurs a Separation from Service from the Company and has an Account balance of 50,000 or less, the Distributable Amount shall be paid to the Participant (and after his or her death to his or her Beneficiary) in a lump sum distribution on the Participant s Payment Date. 

(d) Default Elections . In the event a Participant fails to elect an optional time and/or form of benefit
in his applicable election form, the Participant s Distributable Amount will be distributed in a lump sum distribution on his or her Separation from Service as applicable. 

13 

(e) Modifications . A Participant may modify the time and form of benefit that he or she has previously
elected, provided such modification: (i) with regard to elections related to a payment at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule, such election may not be made less than twelve (12) months prior to the Payment Date (or in the case of installments, twelve (12) months prior to the Payment Date upon which the initial installment payment was schedule to be made); (ii) such election shall not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which such election is made; and (iii) with regard
to an election related to a payment not on account of disability, death or the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency, the Payment Date must be deferred for at least an additional five (5) years from the original Payment Date (or in the case of installments, five (5) years from the Payment Date upon which the initial installment payment was scheduled to be made). A Participant shall not be permitted to make more than one (1) distribution election change. 

(f) Death Benefit Prior to Benefit Commencement . In the case of a Participant who dies while employed
by the Company, the Participant s Account balance shall be paid to his or her Beneficiary in a lump sum or installments as previously elected by the Participant. 

(g) Death After Benefit Commencement . In the event a Participant dies after he or she has terminated
from the employ of the Company, and still has a balance in his or her Account, the balance shall continue to be paid in annual installments for the remainder of the period as elected by the Participant. 

6.2 Change in Control . 

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, a Participant s Account balance at the time of the Change in Control shall become one hundred percent (100 vested and the Participant shall
receive a lump sum distribution of his Account balance on the fifteenth (15 th day of the first month which day next follows the date of the Change in Control. 

6.3 Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution . 

A Participant shall be permitted to elect an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution in accordance with Section 1.2(kk) of the Plan prior to the Payment Date of amounts held in his or her Deferral Account and vested amounts held in his Company Discretionary Contribution Account and Company Matching Contribution Account, subject to the following
restrictions: 

(a) The election to take an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution shall be made by filing a form provided by and filed with Committee prior to the end of any calendar month. 

(b) The Committee shall have made a determination that the requested distribution constitutes an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution in accordance with Section 1.2(kk) of the Plan. 

(c) The amount determined by the Committee as an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution shall be paid in a single cash lump sum as soon as practicable after the end of the calendar month in which
the Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution election is made and approved by the Committee. 

14 

(d) If a Participant receives an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution, the Participant will be ineligible to participate in the Plan for the balance of the Plan Year and the following Plan Year. In
addition, if a Participant receives an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution of his entire Account, neither the Participant nor his or her Beneficiary shall be entitled to death benefits under Sections 6.1(f) or (g) of the Plan. 

(e) If the payment of a Participant s Account is being delayed in accordance with Section 6.4 at the time the Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Emergency, then the right to receive
an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution shall not be available until the expiration of the six (6) month period of delay required by Section 6.4. 

(f) Any Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution shall be made in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(i)(3) of the Regulations. 

6.4 Required Delay in Payment to Key Employees . 

Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.4, a distribution made due to a Separation from Service to a Participant who is a Key Employee as of the date of his Separation from Service shall not occur before the date which is six (6) months after the date of his Separation from Service. 

For this purpose, a Participant who is a Key Employee on an Identification Date shall be treated as a Key Employee for the twelve (12) month period beginning on the April 1 immediately following such Identification Date. The Committee may designate another date for commencement of this twelve (12) month period, provided
that such date must follow the Identification Date and occur no later than the first day of the fourth month thereafter, provided that such designation is made in accordance with Regulations under Section 409A and is the same for all nonqualified deferred compensation plans of the Company or any Affiliated Company. 

The Company may elect to apply an alternative method to identify Participants who will be treated as Key Employees for purposes of the six (6) month delay in distributions if the method satisfies each of the following requirements: (i) the alternative method is reasonably designed to include all Key Employees, (ii) the
alternative method is an objectively determinable standard providing no direct or indirect election to any Participant regarding its application, and (iii) the alternative method results in either all Key Employees or no more than two hundred (200) Key Employees being identified in the class as of any date. Use of an alternative method that satisfies these requirements will not be treated as a change in the time and form of payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b) of the Regulations. 

The six (6) month delay provided for in this Section 6.4 does not apply to payments made to an Alternate Payee pursuant to a Domestic Relations Order described in Section 6.8 or to payments that occur after the death of the Participant. 

15 

6.5 Inability to Locate Participant . 

In the event that the Committee is unable to locate a Participant or Beneficiary within two (2) years following the Payment Date, the amount allocated to the Participant s Account, shall be forfeited. If, after such forfeiture, the Participant or Beneficiary later claims such benefit, such benefit shall be reinstated without
interest or earnings. 

6.6 Cash-outs . 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee may, in its discretion, automatically pay out a Participant s vested Account in a lump sum, provided that such payment satisfies the requirements in (a) through (b) below: 

(a) Such payment results in the termination and liquidation of the entirety of the Participant s interest under the Plan (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(c)(2) of the Regulations), including
all agreements, methods, programs, or other arrangements with respect to which deferrals of compensation are treated as having been deferred under a single nonqualified deferred compensation plan under Section 1.409A-1(c)(2) of the Regulations; 

(b) Such payment is not greater than the applicable dollar amount under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code; and 

(c) Such exercise of Committee discretion is evidenced in writing no later than the date of such payment. 

6.7 Permissible Delays in Payment . 

Distributions from a Participant s Account may be delayed beyond the date payment would otherwise occur in accordance with the provisions of this Article VI in any of the following circumstances as long as the Company treats all payments
to similarly situated Participants on a reasonably consistent basis. 

(a) The Committee may delay payment if it reasonably anticipates that its deduction with respect to such payment would not be permitted by the application of Section 162(m) of the Code. Payment
must be made during the Participant s first taxable year in which the Committee reasonably anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate, that if the payment is made during such year the deduction of such payment will not be barred by the application of Section 162(m) of the Code or during the period beginning with the Participant s Separation from Service and ending on the later of the last day of the Company s taxable year in which the Participant Separates from Service or the 15 th day
of the third month following the Participant s Separation from Service. 

(b) The Committee may also delay payment if it reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate federal securities laws or other applicable laws provided payment is made at the
earliest date on which the Committee reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will not cause such violation. 

16 

(c) The Committee may delay payment during the periods specified in Section 7.7 for review and appeal of claims or during any other period while there is a bona fide dispute as to the amount or
timing of such payment in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(g) of the Regulations. 

(d) The Company reserves the right to amend the Plan to provide for a delay in payment upon such other events and conditions as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe in generally applicable
guidance published in the Internal Revenue Bulletin. 

6.8 Permitted Acceleration of Payment . 

The Committee may permit acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment or amount scheduled to be paid pursuant to a payment under the Plan provided such acceleration would be permitted by the provisions of Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) of
the Regulations. The Committee shall not allow any Participant discretion with respect to whether a payment will be accelerated and shall not permit any election, direct or indirect, by a Participant as to whether the Committee s exercises its discretion under this Section 6.8. Acceleration of payments to an Alternate Payee (but in no event to a Participant) shall be allowed at such times and in such amounts as specified in a Domestic Relations Order which is determined by the Committee
to be valid and which does not require the Plan to pay benefits in excess of the balance of the Participant s Account. The Committee may require that reasonable expenses incurred and paid by the Company in evaluating the Domestic Relations Order and complying with its terms shall be deducted from the Account of the Participant. 

ARTICLE VII 

ADMINISTRATION 

7.1 Committee . 

The number of members comprising the Committee shall be determined by the Board in accordance with the Company s By-Laws. All issues with respect to the composition of the Committee, resignation or removal of Committee members and filling of vacancies on the Committee shall be determined by the Board in accordance with
the Company s By-Laws. 

7.2 Committee Action . 

The Committee shall act at meetings by affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. Any action permitted to be taken at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if, prior to such action, a written consent to the action is signed by all members of the Committee and such written consent is filed with the
minutes of the proceedings of the Committee. A member of the Committee shall not vote or act upon any matter which relates solely to himself or herself as a Participant. The Chairman or any other member or members of the Committee designated by the Chairman may execute any certificate or other written direction on behalf of the Committee. 

17 

7.3 Powers and Duties of the Committee . 

(a) The Committee, on behalf of the Participants and their Beneficiaries, shall enforce the Plan in accordance with its terms, shall be charged with the general administration of the Plan, and
shall have all powers necessary to accomplish its purposes, including, but not by way of limitation, the following: 

(1) To select the Funds in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof; 

(2) To construe and interpret the terms and provisions of this Plan; 

(3) To compute and certify to the amount and kind of benefits payable to Participants and their Beneficiaries; 

(4) To decide all questions concerning the Plan and the eligibility of any employee to participate in the Plan; 

(5) To maintain all records that may be necessary for the administration of the Plan; 

(6) To administer the claims review procedure of Section 7.7; 

(7) To provide for the disclosure of all information and the filing or provision of all reports and statements to Participants, Beneficiaries or governmental agencies as shall be required by
law; 

(8) To determine the person or persons to whom such benefits will be paid; 

(9) To make and publish such rules for the regulation of the Plan and procedures for the administration of the Plan as are not inconsistent with the terms hereof; 

(10) To appoint such agents, counsel, accounts and consultants as may be required and to delegate to them such powers and duties in connection with the administration of the Plan as the Committee
may from time to time prescribe; and 

(11) To take all actions necessary for the administration of the Plan, including determining whether to hold or discontinue the Policies. 

7.4 Construction and Interpretation . 

The Committee shall have full discretion to construe and interpret the terms and provisions of this Plan, which interpretations or construction shall be final and binding on all parties, including but not limited to the Company and any Participant or Beneficiary. The Committee shall administer such terms and provisions
in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner and in full accordance with any and all laws applicable to the Plan. 

18 

7.5 Information . 

To enable the Committee to perform its functions, the Company shall supply full and timely information to the Committee on all matters relating to the Compensation of all Participants, their death or other events which cause termination of their participation in this Plan, and such other pertinent facts as the Committee may require. 

7.6 Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity . 

(a) The members of the Committee shall serve without compensation for their services hereunder. 

(b) The Committee is authorized at the expense of the Company to employ such legal counsel as it may deem advisable to assist in the performance of its duties hereunder. Expenses and
fees in connection with the administration of the Plan shall be paid in either of the following manners as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

(1) The expenses may be paid directly by the Company; or 

(2) The expenses may be paid out of the Trust established under Article IV (subject to any restriction contained in such Trust or required by law). 

(c) To the extent permitted by applicable state law, the Company shall indemnify and save harmless the Committee and each member thereof, the Board of Directors, and any delegate of the Committee
who is an employee of the Company against any and all expenses, liabilities and claims, including reasonable legal fees to defend against such liabilities and claims arising out of their discharge in good faith of responsibilities under or incident to the Plan, other than expenses and liabilities arising out of willful misconduct. This indemnity shall not preclude such further indemnities as may be available under insurance purchased by the Company or provided by the Company under any bylaw, agreement
or otherwise, as such indemnities are permitted under state law. 

7.7 Claims Review Procedure . 

The Committee shall make all determinations in its sole discretion as to the right of any Participant to a benefit under the Plan. Any denial by the Committee of a claim for benefits under the Plan by a claimant shall be stated in writing by the Committee and delivered or mailed to the claimant within a reasonable period of
time but not later than ninety (90) days after receipt by the Committee of his claim, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim. If such an extension is required, written notice thereof shall be provided to the claimant before the end of this ninety (90) day period which shall indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Committee expects to render a decision. In no event shall the extension exceed ninety (90)
days from the end of the initial ninety (90) day period. 

If a claim for benefits under the Plan is wholly or partially denied, the Committee shall notify the claimant of the denial of the claim in writing, delivered in person or mailed by first class mail to the claimant s last known address. Such notice of denial shall contain: 

19 

(a) the specific reason or reasons for denial of the claim; 

(b) a reference to the relevant Plan provisions upon which the denial is based; 

(c) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim, together with an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and 

(d) an explanation of the Plan s claim review procedure. 

If no such notice is provided, and if the claim has not been granted within the time specified above for approval of the claim, the claim shall be deemed denied and subject to review as described below. 

Any claimant or authorized representative of the claimant whose claim for benefits under the Plan has been denied or deemed denied, in whole or in part, may upon written notice delivered to the Committee request a review of such denial of benefits. Such claimant shall have sixty (60) days from the date the claim is deemed
denied, or sixty (60) days from receipt of the notice denying the claim, as the case may be, in which to request such a review. The claimant s notice must specify the relief requested and the reason the claimant believes the denial should be reversed. In pursuing his appeal, the claimant will be permitted to submit written comments, documents, records, or other relevant information relating to his claim. In addition, the claimant will be provided, upon receipt and free of
charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his claim. 

The Committee will conduct the review of any appeal. This review will take into account all information submitted by the claimant regarding his claim, regardless of whether or not such information was submitted or considered in the initial decision. A decision regarding such review will be made within a reasonable
period of time but not later than sixty (60) days after receipt of the claimant s appeal, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim. If such an extension is required, written notice thereof shall be provided to the claimant before the end of this sixty (60) day period which shall indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Committee expects to render the final decision. In no event shall the extension
exceed sixty (60) days from the end of the initial sixty (60) day period. 

If the claimant s appeal is denied in whole or in part, the claimant will receive a written notification of the denial which will include (i) the specific reasons for the denial, (ii) reference to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial was based, and (iii) a statement of the claimant s right to bring an action under
ERISA. The interpretations, determinations, and decisions of the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons with respect to any right, benefit and privilege hereunder, subject to the review procedures set forth in this Section 7.7. 

7.8 Delegation . 

Pursuant to the approval of the Board and in accordance with the Company s By-Laws, the Committee may delegate any of its duties hereunder regarding the administration of the Plan to such other committee or employees
as designated by the Committee. 

20 

ARTICLE VIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

8.1 Unsecured General Creditor . 

Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors, and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, claims, or interest in any specific property or assets of the Company. No assets of the Company shall be held in any way as collateral security for the fulfilling of the obligations of the Company under this Plan. Any
and all of the Company s assets shall be, and remain, the general unpledged, unrestricted assets of the Company. The Company s obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to pay money in the future, and the rights of the Participants and Beneficiaries shall be no greater than those of unsecured general creditors. It is the intention of the Company that this Plan be unfunded for purposes of the Code and for purposes of Title
I of ERISA. The Plan shall be administered in such a manner, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, in order that it will be so deemed and would be so described. 

8.2 Restriction Against Assignment . 

The Company shall pay all amounts payable hereunder only to the person or persons designated by the Plan and not to any other person or corporation. No part of a Participant s Accounts shall be liable for the debts, contracts, or engagements of any Participant, his or her Beneficiary, or successors in interest, nor shall
a Participant s Accounts be subject to execution by levy, attachment, or garnishment or by any other legal or equitable proceeding, nor shall any such person have any right to alienate, anticipate, sell, transfer, commute, pledge, encumber, or assign any benefits or payments hereunder in any manner whatsoever. If any Participant, Beneficiary or successor in interest is adjudicated bankrupt or purports to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, commute, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any distribution
or payment from the Plan, voluntarily or involuntarily, the Committee, in its discretion, may cancel such distribution or payment (or any part thereof) to or for the benefit of such Participant, Beneficiary or successor in interest in such manner as the Committee shall direct. 

21 

8.3 Withholding . 

There shall be deducted from each payment made under the Plan or any other Compensation payable to the Participant (or Beneficiary) all taxes which are required to be withheld by the Company in respect to such payment or this Plan. The Company shall have the right to reduce any payment (or Compensation) by the amount of cash sufficient
to provide the amount of said taxes. 

8.4 Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination . 

The Committee may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan in whole or in part in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the Regulations promulgated thereunder, except that no amendment, modification, suspension or termination shall have any retroactive effect to reduce any amounts allocated to a Participant s Accounts. In
the event that this Plan is terminated, the amounts allocated to a Participant s Accounts shall be distributed to the Participant in accordance with Section 409A and Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix) of the Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

8.5 Governing Law . 

This Plan shall be construed, governed and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. 

8.6 Receipt or Release . 

Any payment to a Participant or his or her Beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of the Plan shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Committee and the Company. 

8.7 Payments on Behalf of Persons Under Incapacity . 

In the event that any amount becomes payable under the Plan to a person who, in the sole judgment of the Committee, is considered by reason of physical or mental condition to be unable to give a valid receipt therefore, the Committee may direct that such payment be made to any person found by the Committee, in its sole judgment, to have
assumed the care of such person. Any payment made pursuant to such determination shall constitute a full release and discharge of the Committee and the Company. 

8.8 Limitation of Rights and Employment Relationship . 

Neither the establishment of the Plan and Trust nor any modification thereof, nor the creating of any fund or account, nor the payment of any benefits shall be construed as giving to any Participant or other person any legal or equitable right against the Company or the trustee of the Trust except as provided in the Plan and Trust; and
in no event shall the terms of employment of any Participant or other person be modified or in any way be affected by the provisions of the Plan and Trust. 

8.9 Headings . 

Headings and subheadings in this Plan are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in the construction of the provisions hereof. 

Signatures appear on the following page.) 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this document to be executed by its duly authorized officer on this 29th day of December, 2009, effective January 1, 2010 (except as
otherwise noted herein). 

O CHARLEY S INC. 

 By: /s/ Lawrence E. Hyatt 

 Its: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21>
 5
 exhibit21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

exhibit21.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

1. Air Travel Services, Inc., a Tennessee corporation 

2. DFI, Inc., a Tennessee corporation 

3. O'Charley's Finance Company, Inc., a Tennessee corporation 

4. O'Charley's Management Company, Inc., a Tennessee corporation 

5. O'Charley's Restaurant Properties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

6. O'Charley's Service Company, Inc., a Tennessee corporation 

7. O'Charley's Sports Bar, Inc., an Alabama corporation 

8. OCI, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

9. OPI, Inc., a Colorado corporation 

10. SRLS LLC 5001, a Delaware limited liability company 

11. SRLS LLC 5002, a Delaware limited liability company 

12. SRLS LLC 5003, a Delaware limited liability company 

13. SRLS LLC 5004, a Delaware limited liability company 

14. SRLS LLC 5005, a Delaware limited liability company 

15. SRLS LLC 5006, a Delaware limited liability company 

16. Stoney River Legendary Management, L.P., a Georgia limited partnership 

17. Stoney River, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

18. Stoney River Management Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

19. 99 Commissary, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

20. 99 Restaurants, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

21. 99 Restaurants of Boston, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

22. 99 Restaurants of Massachusetts, a Massachusetts Business Trust 

23. 99 Restaurants of Vermont, LLC, a Vermont limited liability company 

24. 99 West, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation 

25. JFC Enterprises, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

26. Wi-Tenn Restaurants, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 exhibit23.htm
 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP

exhibit23.htm 

Exhibit 23 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

O Charley s Inc.: 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements No. 333-159265, No. 333-151107, No. 33-51316, No. 33-51258, No. 33-83172, No. 33-69934, No. 333-63495, No. 333-59484, No. 333-126221 and No. 333-129783 on Form S-8 of O'Charley's Inc. of our reports dated March 12, 2010, with respect to the
consolidated balance sheets of O'Charley's Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 27, 2009 and December 28, 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and comprehensive (loss) income and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 27, 2009 and the related financial statement schedule, and the internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2009, which reports appear in the 2009 annual report on Form 10-K of O'Charley's
Inc. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Nashville, Tennessee 

March 12, 2010 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit31-1.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFITCATION OF THE CEO

exhibit31-1.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Jeffrey D. Warne, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of O Charley s Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 12, 2010 

/s/ JEFFREY D. WARNE 

Jeffrey D. Warne 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit31-2.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFITCATION OF THE CFO

exhibit31-2.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Lawrence E. Hyatt, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of O Charley s Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 12, 2010 

/s/ LAWRENCE E. HYATT 

Lawrence E. Hyatt 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit32-1.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFITCATION OF THE CEO

exhibit32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of O'Charley's Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 27, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2010 (the "Report"), I, Jeffrey D. Warne, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ JEFFREY D. WARNE 

Jeffrey D. Warne 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 12, 2010 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exhibit32-2.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFITCATION OF THE CFO

exhibit32-2.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of O'Charley's Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 27, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2010 (the "Report"), I, Lawrence E. Hyatt, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ LAWRENCE E. HYATT 

Lawrence E. Hyatt 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 12, 2010 

</EX-32.2>

