<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100303_10-K_edgar_data_1164863_0000950123-10-020653.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1372393</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>494630</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>18802</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>578405</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950123-10-020653.hdr.sgml : 20100303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100303172456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-10-020653
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001164863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GASKETS, PACKAGING AND SEALING DEVICES & RUBBER & PLASTIC HOSE [3050]
		IRS NUMBER:				010573945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31225
		FILM NUMBER:		10654406

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5605 CARNEGIE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-731-1524

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5605 CARNEGIE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENPRO INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BDwnOY7IWJpG1BSxGoFNKroKx0guehhHuj6/TzPsAT2idxk3EdNFGRFtZ9y3U09V
 MHhevz6wjc7gc+a15H7myQ==

 0000950123-10-020653.txt : 20100303

10-K
 1
 g22340e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One)

Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 

Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

Commission File Number 001-31225 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant, as specified in its charter)

North Carolina 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

01-0573945 
(I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

5605 Carnegie Boulevard, Suite 500, 
Charlotte, North Carolina 
(Address of principal executive offices)

28209 
(Zip code) 

(704) 731-1500 
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Name of each exchange 

Title of each class 
 
 on which registered 

Common stock, 0.01 par value

New York Stock Exchange 

Preferred stock purchase rights

New York Stock Exchange 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).

Yes
 No 

The aggregate market value of voting and nonvoting common stock of the registrant held by
non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2009 was 354,767,446. As of March 1, 2010, there
were
20,296,467 shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual meeting of shareholders
are incorporated by reference into Part III.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1

Business

1 

Item 1A

Risk Factors

7 

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments

15 

Item 2

Properties

15 

Item 3

Legal Proceedings

15 

Item 4

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

16 

Executive
Officers of the Registrant 

16 

PART II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

18 

Item 6

Selected Consolidated Financial Data

19 

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations

20 

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

40 

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

41 

Item 9

Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure

42 

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures

42 

Item 9B

Other Information

43 

PART III 

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

44 

Item 11

Executive Compensation

44 

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters

45 

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

45 

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

46 

PART IV 

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

46 

Signatures

47 

Exhibit Index

48 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

53 

Consolidated Statements of Operations

55 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

56 

Consolidated Balance Sheets

58 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity

59 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

60 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

102 

EX-10.9 
 EX-10.11 
 EX-10.21 
 EX-10.22 
 EX-10.32 
 EX-21 
 EX-23.1 
 EX-23.2 
 EX-24.1 
 EX-24.2 
 EX-24.3 
 EX-24.4 
 EX-24.5 
 EX-24.6 
 EX-24.7 
 EX-24.8 
 EX-31.1 
 EX-31.2 
 EX-32 

Table of Contents 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

As used in this report, the terms we, us, our, EnPro and Company mean EnPro
Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (unless the context indicates another meaning). The term
 common stock means the common stock of EnPro Industries, Inc., par value 0.01 per share. The
terms convertible debentures and debentures mean the 3.9375 Convertible Senior Debentures due
2015 issued by the Company in October 2005.

Background 

We were incorporated under the laws of the State of North Carolina on January 11, 2002, as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Goodrich Corporation Goodrich ). The incorporation was in
anticipation of Goodrich s announced distribution of its Engineered Industrial Products segment to
existing Goodrich shareholders. The distribution took place on May 31, 2002 (the Distribution ).
We are a leader in the design, development, manufacturing, and marketing of proprietary engineered
industrial products. We have 44 primary manufacturing facilities located in the United States and
10 other countries.

Our sales by geographic region in 2009, 2008 and 2007 were as follows:

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

United States

421.0 

474.2 

441.6 

Europe

224.7 

329.3 

277.4 

Other

157.3 

190.3 

154.8 

Total

803.0 

993.8 

873.8 

We
maintain an Internet website at www.enproindustries.com . We will make this annual report,
in addition to our other annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports, available free of charge on our website as
soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to,
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters for
each of our Board Committees (Audit and Risk Management, Compensation and Human Resources,
Executive, and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees) are also available on our website,
and copies of this information are available in print to any shareholder who requests it.
Information included on or linked to our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual
report.

Acquisitions and Dispositions in 2009 

In December 2009, we signed a definitive agreement to sell our Quincy Compressor business to
Atlas Copco for approximately 190 million in cash. The transaction closed in the first quarter of
2010. Accordingly, the Quincy Compressor business is presented as a discontinued operation and is
not described herein. Additional information regarding the sale of the Quincy Compressor business
is included in Item 9B and Note 18 of this annual report.

In February 2009, we purchased PTM (UK) Limited, a privately-owned manufacturer and
distributor of sealing products with two locations in the United Kingdom. The acquisition of PTM

1 

Table of Contents 

continued the expansion of Garlock s presence in the U.K., increasing the scale of the U.K.
sealing products business and the ability to address new market segments. PTM is included in our
Sealing Products segment.

In August and September 2009, we purchased USA Parts Service, LLC, a privately-owned parts
supplier for natural gas compressors located in Gillette, Wyoming, and Player Cornish P.E.T.
Limited, a privately-owned manufacturer of aftermarket components for compressors based in the
United Kingdom. These businesses are managed as part of the CPI division in the Engineered
Products segment.

In December 2009, we purchased Technetics Corporation, a leading manufacturer of abradable
seals, brush seals and acoustic products for turbines used in aerospace and power generation
applications. Technetics is located in Deland, Florida. The acquisition of Technetics provides
Garlock with a unique line of metal sealing products that is expected to accelerate expansion in
aerospace markets and broaden the line of products offered for land-based turbines. Technetics is
included in our Sealing Products segment.

Operations 

We manage our business as three segments: a Sealing Products segment, which includes our
sealing products, heavy-duty wheel end components, polytetrafluoroethylene PTFE products, and
rubber products; an Engineered Products segment, which includes our bearings, aluminum blocks for
hydraulic applications and reciprocating compressor components; and an Engine Products and Services
segment, which manufactures, sells and services heavy-duty, medium-speed diesel, natural gas and dual fuel
reciprocating engines. For financial information with respect to our business segments, see Item
7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Results of Operations, and Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 7 and Note 16
contain information about sales and profits for each segment, and Note 16 contains information
about each segment s assets.

Sealing Products Segment 

Overview . Our Sealing Products segment designs, manufactures and sells sealing
products, including metallic, non-metallic and composite material gaskets, rotary seals,
compression packing, resilient metal seals, elastomeric seals, hydraulic components and expansion
joints, as well as heavy-duty wheel-end components and component systems, PTFE products, conveyor
belting and sheeted rubber products. These products are used in a variety of industries, including
chemical and petrochemical processing, petroleum extraction and refining, pulp and paper
processing, heavy-duty trucking, power generation, food and pharmaceutical processing, primary
metal manufacturing, mining, water and waste treatment, aerospace, medical, filtration and
semiconductor fabrication. In many of these industries, performance and durability are vital for
safety and environmental protection. Many of our products are used in applications that are highly
demanding, e.g., where extreme temperatures, extreme pressures, corrosive environments and/or worn
equipment make sealing difficult.

Products . Our Sealing Products segment includes the product lines described below,
which are designed, manufactured and sold by our Garlock Sealing Technologies, Stemco, and
Plastomer Technologies operations.

Gasket products are used for sealing flange joints in chemical, petrochemical and pulp and
paper processing facilities where high pressures, high temperatures and corrosive chemicals create
the need for specialized and highly engineered sealing products. We sell these gasket products
under the Garlock , Gylon , Blue-Gard , Stress-Saver , Edge , Graphonic 
and Flexseal brand names.
These products have a long-standing reputation within the industries we serve for performance and
reliability.

2 

Table of Contents 

Rotary seals are used in rotating applications to contain the lubricants that protect the
bearings from excessive friction and heat generation. Because these sealing products are utilized
in dynamic applications, they are subject to wear. Durability, performance, and reliability are,
therefore, critical requirements of our customers. These rotary seals are used in demanding
applications in the steel industry, mining and pulp and paper processing under well-known brand
names including Klozure and Model 64 .

Compression packing is used to provide sealing in pressurized, static and dynamic applications
such as pumps and valves. Major markets for compression packing products are the pulp and paper,
mining, petrochemical and hydrocarbon processing industries. Branded products for these markets
include EVSP , Synthepak and Graph-lock .

Resilient metal seals provide extremely tight sealing performance for highly demanding
applications such as nuclear power generation, semiconductor fabrication facilities, specific
chemical processing applications and race car engines. Branded products for these markets include
Helicoflex , Ultraflex and Feltmetal .

Critical service flange gaskets, seals and electrical flange isolation kits are used in
high-pressure wellhead equipment, flow lines, water injection lines, sour hydrocarbon process
applications and crude oil and natural gas pipeline/transmission line applications. These products
are sold under the brand names Pikotek , VCS , Flowlok and PGE .

Our rubber products business manufactures rubber bearing pads, conveyor belts and other rubber
products for industrial applications under the DuraKing , FlexKing , Vibon , Techflex and
HeatKing brand names.

Stemco manufactures a variety of high performance wheel-end, steering, suspension and braking
components used by the heavy-duty trucking industry to improve the performance and longevity of
commercial tractors and trailers. Products for this market include hub oil seals, axle fasteners,
hub caps, wheel bearings, mileage counters, king pin kits, suspension kits, brake friction,
foundation brake parts and automatic brake adjusters. We sell these sealing products under the
Stemco , Stemco Kaiser , Grit Guard , Guardian , Guardian HP , Voyager ,
Discover , Endeavor ,
Pro-Torq , Sentinel , DataTrac , Qwikkit , Pluskit , Econokit , Stemco Duroline and Stemco
Crewson brand names. We also sell products under our RFID sensor-based BAT RF product line.

Plastomer Technologies manufactures PTFE specialty tape, formed PTFE products, and PTFE sheets
and shapes. These PTFE products provide highly specialized and engineered solutions to our
customers in the aircraft, fluid handling and semiconductor industries, and are sold under the
Plastolon , Texolon and Amicon brand names.

Customers . Our Sealing Products segment sells products to industrial agents and
distributors, original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), engineering and construction firms and end
users worldwide. Sealing products are offered to global customers, with approximately 46 of sales
delivered to customers outside the United States in 2009. Representative customers include Saudi
Aramco, Motion Industries, Applied Industrial Technologies, Electricite de France, AREVA, Bayer,
BASF Corporation, Chevron, General Electric Company, Georgia-Pacific Corporation, Eastman Chemical
Company, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Minara Resources, Queensland Alumina, AK Steel Corporation, Volvo
Corporation, Utility Trailer, Great Dane, Mack Trucks, International Truck, PACCAR, ConMet and
Applied Materials. In 2009, no single customer accounted for more than 2 of segment revenues.

Competition . Competition in the sealing markets in which we operate is based on
proven product performance and reliability, as well as price, customer service, application
expertise, delivery terms,

3 

Table of Contents 

breadth of product offering, reputation for quality and the availability of product. Our
leading brand names, including Garlock and Stemco , have been built upon long-standing reputations
for reliability and durability. In addition, the breadth, performance and quality of our product
offerings allow us to achieve premium pricing and have made us a preferred supplier among our
agents and distributors. We believe that our record of product performance in the major markets in
which this segment operates is a significant competitive advantage for us. Major competitors
include A.W. Chesterton Company, Klinger Group, Teadit, Lamons, SIEM/Flexitallic, SKF USA Inc.,
Freudenberg-NOK, Federal-Mogul Corporation and Saint-Gobain.

Raw Materials and Components . Our Sealing Products segment uses PTFE resins, aramid
fibers, specialty elastomers, elastomeric compounds, graphite and carbon, common and exotic metals,
cold-rolled steel, leather, aluminum die castings, nitrile rubber, powdered metal components, and
various fibers and resins. We believe that all of these raw materials and components are readily
available from various suppliers.

Engineered Products Segment 

Overview . Our Engineered Products segment includes operations that design,
manufacture and sell self-lubricating, non-rolling bearing products, aluminum blocks for hydraulic
applications, and compressor components.

Products . Our Engineered Products segment includes the product lines described below,
which are designed, manufactured and sold by our GGB and Compressor Products International
businesses.

GGB produces self-lubricating, non-rolling, metal polymer, solid polymer and filament wound
bearing products. The metal-backed or epoxy-backed bearing surfaces are made of PTFE or a mixture
that includes PTFE to provide maintenance-free performance and reduced friction. These products
typically perform as sleeve bearings or thrust washers under conditions of no lubrication, minimal
lubrication or pre-lubrication. These products are used in a wide variety of markets such as the
automotive, pump and compressor, construction, power generation and machine tool markets. We have
over 20,000 bearing part numbers of different designs and physical dimensions. GGB is a leading
and well recognized brand name and sells products under the DU , DP , DX , DS , HX , EP , SY , SP ,
SZ and LD names.

Compressor Products International designs, manufactures and services components for
reciprocating compressors and engines. These components (packing and wiper assemblies and rings,
piston and rider rings, compressor valve assemblies and components) are primarily utilized in the
refining, petrochemical, natural gas gathering, storage and transmission, and general industrial
markets. Brand names for our products include Hi-Flo , Valvealert , Mentor , Triple Circle , CPI
Special Polymer Alloys , Twin Ring and Liard . Compressor Products International also designs and
manufactures the Gar-Seal family of PTFE lined butterfly valves.

Customers . Our Engineered Products segment sells its products to a diverse customer
base using a combination of direct sales and independent distribution networks. GGB has customers
worldwide in all major industrial sectors, and supplies products both directly to customers through
GGB s own local distribution system and indirectly to the market through independent agents and
distributors with their own local networks. Compressor Products International sells its products
globally through a network of company salespersons, independent sales representatives and
distributors. In 2009, no single customer accounted for more than 3 of segment revenues.

Competition . GGB has a number of competitors, including Kolbenschmidt Pierburg AG,
Norton Company and Federal-Mogul Corporation. In the markets in which GGB competes, competition is
based

4 

Table of Contents 

primarily on performance of the product for specific applications, product reliability,
delivery and price. Compressor Products International competes against other component
manufacturers, such as Cook Compression, Hoerbiger Corporation and numerous smaller component
manufacturers worldwide. Price, availability, product quality, engineering support and reliability
are the primary competitive drivers in the markets served by Compressor Products International.

Raw Materials and Components . GGB s major raw material purchases include steel coil,
bronze powder and PTFE. GGB sources components from a number of external suppliers. Compressor
Products International s major raw material purchases include PTFE, PEEK (Polyetheretherketone),
compound additives, cast iron, bronze, steel and stainless steel bar stock. We believe that all of
these raw materials and components are readily available from various suppliers.

Engine Products and Services Segment 

Overview . Our Engine Products and Services segment designs, manufactures, sells and
services heavy-duty, medium-speed diesel, natural gas and dual fuel reciprocating engines. We
market our products and services under the Fairbanks Morse Engine brand name.

Products . Our Engine Products and Services segment manufactures licensed heavy-duty,
medium-speed diesel, natural gas and dual fuel reciprocating engines, in addition to its own
designs. The reciprocating engines range in size from 700 to 31,970 horsepower and from five to 20
cylinders. The government and the general industrial market for marine propulsion, power
generation, and pump and compressor applications use these products. We have been building engines
for over 115 years under the Fairbanks Morse Engine brand name and we have a large installed base
of engines for which we supply aftermarket parts and service. Additionally, we have been the U.S.
Navy s supplier of choice for medium-speed diesel engines and have supplied engines to the U.S.
Navy for over 70 years.

Customers . Our Engine Products and Services segment sells its products to customers
worldwide, including major shipyards, municipal utilities, institutional and industrial
organizations, sewage treatment plants, nuclear power plants and offshore oil and gas platforms.
We market our products through a direct sales force of engineers in North America and through
independent agents worldwide. Our representative customers include Northrop Grumman, General
Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Coast Guard and Exelon. In 2009, the largest
customer accounted for approximately 26 of segment revenues.

Competition . Major competitors for our Engine Products and Services segment include
MTU, Caterpillar Inc. and Wartsila Corporation. Price, delivery time, engineering and service
support, and engine efficiency relating to fuel consumption and emissions drive competition.

Raw Materials and Components . Our Engine Products and Services segment purchases
multiple ferrous and non-ferrous castings, forgings, plate stock and bar stock for fabrication and
machining into engines. In addition, we buy a considerable amount of precision-machined engine
components. We believe that all of these raw materials and components are readily available from
various suppliers.

Research and Development 

The goal of our research and development effort is to strengthen our product portfolios for
traditional markets while simultaneously creating distinctive and breakthrough products. We
utilize a process to move product innovations from concept to commercialization, and to identify,
analyze, develop and implement new product concepts and opportunities aimed at business growth.

5 

Table of Contents 

We employ scientists, engineers and technicians throughout our operations to develop, design
and test new and improved products. We work closely with our customers to identify issues and
develop technical solutions. The majority of our research and development expenditures are
directed toward the development of new sealing products for hostile environments, the development
of truck and trailer fleet information systems and the development of bearing products and
materials with increased load carrying capability and superior friction and wear characteristics.
Prior to introduction, new products are subject to extensive testing at our various facilities and
at beta test sites in conjunction with our customers.

Backlog 

At December 31, 2009, we had a backlog of orders valued at 228.3 million compared with 247.4
million at December 31, 2008. Approximately 16 of the backlog, mainly at Fairbanks Morse Engine,
is expected to be filled beyond 2010. Backlog represents orders on hand that we believe to be
firm. However, there is no certainty that the backlog orders will in fact result in actual sales
at the times or in the amounts ordered. In addition, for most of our business, backlog is not
particularly predictive of future performance because of our short lead times and some seasonality.

Quality Assurance 

We believe that product quality is among the most important factors in developing and
maintaining strong, long-term relationships with our customers. In order to meet the exacting
requirements of our customers, we maintain stringent standards of quality control. We routinely
employ in-process inspection by using testing equipment as a process aid during all stages of
development, design and production to ensure product quality and reliability. These include
state-of-the-art CAD/CAM equipment, statistical process control systems, laser tracking devices,
failure mode and effect analysis and coordinate measuring machines. We are also able to extract
numerical quality control data as a statistical measurement of the quality of the parts being
manufactured from our CNC machinery. In addition, we perform quality control tests on parts that
we outsource. As a result, we are able to significantly reduce the number of defective parts and
therefore improve efficiency, quality and reliability.

As of December 31, 2009, 31 of our manufacturing facilities were ISO 9000, QS 9000 and/or TS
16949 certified with the remaining facilities working towards obtaining ISO and/or TS
certification. Twelve of our facilities are ISO 14001 certified. OEMs are increasingly requiring
these standards in lieu of individual certification procedures and as a condition of awarding
business.

Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property 

We maintain a number of patents and trademarks issued by the U.S. and other countries relating
to the name and design of our products and have granted licenses to some of these trademarks and
patents. We routinely evaluate the need to protect new and existing products through the patent
and trademark systems in the U.S. and other countries. We also have proprietary information,
consisting of know-how and trade secrets relating to the design, manufacture and operation of our
products and their use that is not patented. We do not consider our business as a whole to be
materially dependent upon any particular patent, patent right, trademark, trade secret or license.

In general, we are the owner of the rights to the products that we manufacture and sell.
However, we also license patented and other proprietary technology and processes from various
companies and individuals in order to broaden our product offerings. We are dependent on the
ability of these third parties to diligently protect their intellectual property rights. In
several cases, the intellectual property licenses are integral to the manufacture of our products.
For example, Fairbanks Morse Engine licenses technology from MAN Diesel for the four-stroke
reciprocating engine. A loss of these licenses or a failure on the part of the third party to
protect its own intellectual property could reduce our revenues.

6 

Table of Contents 

Although these licenses are all long-term and subject to renewal, it is possible that we may
not successfully renegotiate these licenses or that they could be terminated for a material breach.
If this were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be adversely affected.

Employees and Labor Relations 

We currently have approximately 4,100 employees worldwide in our continuing operations.
Approximately 2,100 employees are located within the U.S. and approximately 2,000 employees are
located outside the U.S., primarily in Europe, Canada and Mexico. Approximately 29 of
our U.S. employees are members of trade unions covered by collective bargaining agreements. Union
agreements relate, among other things, to wages, hours and conditions of employment. The wages and
benefits furnished are generally comparable to industry and area practices.

We have collective bargaining agreements in place at three of our U.S. facilities. The hourly
employees who are unionized are covered by collective bargaining agreements with a number of labor
unions and with varying contract termination dates ranging from November 2010 to February 2012. In
addition, some of our employees located outside the U.S. are subject to national collective
bargaining agreements.

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

In addition to the risks stated elsewhere in this annual report, set forth below are certain
risk factors that we believe are material. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation could be harmed. You should also
consider these risk factors when you read forward-looking statements elsewhere in this report.
You can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, hope, will, could, 
 should, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential 
or continue, the negative of those terms or other comparable terms. Those forward-looking
statements are only predictions and can be adversely affected if any of these risks occur. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Certain of our subsidiaries are defendants in asbestos litigation. 

The historical business operations of certain subsidiaries of our subsidiary, Coltec
Industries Inc Coltec ), principally Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC and The Anchor Packing
Company Anchor ), have resulted in a substantial volume of asbestos litigation in which
plaintiffs have alleged personal injury or death as a result of exposure to asbestos fibers. Those
subsidiaries manufactured and/or sold industrial sealing products, predominately gaskets and
packing products, that contained encapsulated asbestos fibers. Anchor is an inactive and insolvent
indirect subsidiary of Coltec. There is no remaining insurance coverage available to Anchor and it
has no assets. Our subsidiaries exposure to asbestos litigation and their relationships with
insurance carriers are actively managed through another Coltec subsidiary, Garrison Litigation
Management Group, Ltd. Several risks and uncertainties may result in potential liabilities to us
in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Those risks and uncertainties include the following:

the potential for a large number of future asbestos claims that are not
covered by insurance because insurance coverage is, or will be, depleted; 

7 

Table of Contents 

the uncertainty of the number and per claim value of pending and potential
future asbestos claims; 

the results of litigation and the success of our litigation and settlement
strategies; 

the potential for large adverse judgments against us not covered by
insurance and any surety/appeal bonds (and related cash collateral) required in
connection with appeals; 

an increase in litigation costs, fees and expenses that are not covered by
insurance; 

the financial viability of our subsidiaries insurance carriers and their
reinsurance carriers, and our subsidiaries ability to collect on claims from them; 

the timing of claims, payments and insurance recoveries, and limitations
imposed on the amount that may be recovered from insurance in any year; 

the unavailability of any insurance for claims alleging first exposure to
asbestos after July 1, 1984; 

the potential for asbestos exposure to extend beyond specific Coltec
subsidiaries arising from corporate veil piercing efforts or other claims by asbestos
plaintiffs; 

bankruptcies of other defendants; and 

the prospect for and impact of any federal legislation providing national
asbestos litigation reform. 

When settlement payments exceed insurance recoveries from our subsidiaries carriers, our
subsidiaries are required to fund these obligations from available cash. This could adversely
affect our ability to use cash for other purposes, including growth of our business, and adversely
affect our financial condition.

In addition, our estimated liability for claims is highly uncertain and is based on subjective
assumptions. The actual liability could vary significantly from the estimate recorded in our
financial statements.

Because of the uncertainty as to the number and timing of potential future asbestos claims, as
well as the amount that will have to be paid to settle or satisfy any such claims in the future
(including significant bonds required by certain states while we appeal adverse verdicts), and the
finite amount of insurance available for future payments, future asbestos claims could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

For a further discussion of our asbestos exposure, see Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contingencies Asbestos. 

Our business and some of the markets we serve are cyclical and distressed market conditions could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The markets in which we sell our products, particularly chemical companies, petroleum
refineries, heavy-duty trucking, semiconductor manufacturing, capital equipment and the automotive
industry, are, to varying degrees, cyclical and have historically experienced periodic downturns.
Prior downturns have been characterized by diminished product demand, excess manufacturing capacity
and

8 

Table of Contents 

subsequent erosion of average selling prices in these markets resulting in negative effects on
our net sales, gross margins and net income. The current downward cycle has impacted our results
of operations for our most recent quarterly periods. The current economic environment may affect
our opportunities for organic growth and a continued downward cycle could adversely affect our
operating results. Moreover, a prolonged downward cycle may critically impair the continued
viability of certain of our customers and may adversely impact our accounts receivable with these
customers. A prolonged and severe downward cycle in our markets could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We face intense competition that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We encounter intense competition in almost all areas of our business. Customers for many of
our products are attempting to reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase in order to
reduce inventories. To remain competitive, we need to invest continuously in manufacturing,
marketing, customer service and support and our distribution networks. We also need to develop new
products to continue to meet the needs and desires of our customers. We may not have sufficient
resources to continue to make such investments or maintain our competitive position. Additionally,
some of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources
than we do. As a result, they may be better able to withstand the effects of periodic economic
downturns. Certain of our products may also experience transformation from unique branded products
to undifferentiated price sensitive products. This products commoditization may be accelerated by
low cost foreign competition. Initiatives designed to distinguish our products through superior
service, continuous improvement, innovation, customer relationships, technology, new product
acquisitions, bundling with key services, long-term contracts or market focus may not be effective.
Pricing and other competitive pressures could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

If we fail to retain the independent agents and distributors upon whom we rely to market our
products, we may be unable to effectively market our products and our revenue and profitability may
decline. 

Our marketing success in the U.S. and abroad depends largely upon our independent agents and
distributors sales and service expertise and relationships with customers in our markets. Many of
these agents have developed strong ties to existing and potential customers because of their
detailed knowledge of our products. A loss of a significant number of these agents or
distributors, or of a particular agent or distributor in a key market or with key customer
relationships, could significantly inhibit our ability to effectively market our products, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.

Increased costs for raw materials or the termination of existing supply agreements could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

The prices for some of the raw materials we purchase increased in 2009. While we have been
successful in passing along a portion of these higher costs, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to continue doing so without losing customers. Similarly, the loss of a key supplier or
the unavailability of a key raw material could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

We have exposure to some contingent liabilities relating to discontinued operations, which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in
any fiscal period. 

We have some contingent liabilities related to discontinued operations of our predecessors,
including environmental liabilities and liabilities for certain products and other matters. In
some

9 

Table of Contents 

instances we have indemnified others against those liabilities, and in other instances we have
received indemnities from third parties against those liabilities.

Claims could arise relating to products or other matters related to our discontinued
operations. Some of these claims could seek substantial monetary damages. Specifically, we may
potentially be subject to the liabilities related to the firearms manufactured prior to 1990 by
Colt Firearms, a former operation of Coltec, and for electrical transformers manufactured prior to
1994 by Central Moloney, another former Coltec operation. Coltec also has ongoing obligations with
regard to workers compensation, retiree medical and other retiree benefit matters associated with
discontinued operations that relate to Coltec s periods of ownership of those operations.

We have insurance, reserves and funds held in trust to address these liabilities. However, if
our insurance coverage is depleted, our reserves are not adequate or the funds held in trust are
insufficient, environmental and other liabilities relating to discontinued operations could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We conduct a significant amount of our sales activities outside of the U.S., which subjects us to
additional business risks that may cause our profitability to decline. 

Because we sell our products in a number of foreign countries, we are subject to risks
associated with doing business internationally. In 2009, we derived approximately 48 of our
revenues from sales of our products outside of the U.S. Our international operations are, and will
continue to be, subject to a number of risks, including:

unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

adverse changes in foreign tax, legal and regulatory requirements; 

difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

differing labor regulations; 

political and economic instability; and 

acts of hostility, terror or war. 

Any of these factors, individually or together, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We intend to continue to pursue international growth opportunities, which could increase our
exposure to risks associated with international sales and operations. As we expand our
international operations, we may also encounter new risks that could adversely affect our revenues
and profitability. For example, as we focus on building our international sales and distribution
networks in new geographic regions, we must continue to develop relationships with qualified local
agents, distributors and trading companies. If we are not successful in developing these
relationships, we may not be able to increase sales in these regions.

Efforts to achieve growth through acquisitions, both domestic and international, involve
numerous inherent challenges, such as properly evaluating acquisition opportunities, successfully
integrating new businesses or product lines, retaining key employees, properly evaluating risks and
other

10 

Table of Contents 

diligence matters, ensuring adequate capital availability and balancing other resource
constraints. Acquisitions may not succeed as planned. Failure to properly manage these risks
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our business could be materially adversely affected by numerous other risks, including rising
healthcare costs, changes in environmental laws and unforeseen business interruptions. 

Our business may be negatively impacted by numerous other risks. For example, medical and
healthcare costs may continue to increase. Initiatives to address these costs, such as consumer
driven health plan packages, may not successfully reduce these expenses as needed. Failure to
offer competitive employee benefits may result in our inability to recruit or maintain key
employees. Other risks to our business include potential changes in environmental rules or
regulations, which could negatively impact our manufacturing processes. Use of certain chemicals
and other substances could become restricted or such changes may otherwise require us to incur
additional costs which could reduce our profitability and impair our ability to offer competitively
priced products. Additional risks to our business include global or local events which could
significantly disrupt our operations. Terrorist attacks, natural disasters, political
insurgencies, pandemics and electrical grid failures are some of the unforeseen risks that could
negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights and knowledge relating to our
products, our business and prospects may be negatively impacted. 

We believe that proprietary products and technology are important to our success. If we are
unable to adequately protect our intellectual property and know-how, our business and prospects
could be negatively impacted. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property through patents,
trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality, non-compete
and nondisclosure agreements and other measures may not be adequate to protect our proprietary
rights. Patents issued to third parties, whether before or after the issue date of our patents,
could render our intellectual property less valuable. Questions as to whether our competitors 
products infringe our intellectual property rights or whether our products infringe our
competitors intellectual property rights may be disputed. In addition, intellectual property
rights may be unavailable, limited or difficult to enforce in some jurisdictions, which could make
it easier for competitors to capture market share in those jurisdictions.

Our competitors may capture market share from us by selling products that claim to mirror the
capabilities of our products or technology. Without sufficient protection nationally and
internationally for our intellectual property, our competitiveness worldwide could be impaired,
which would negatively impact our growth and future revenue. As a result, we may be required to
spend significant resources to monitor and police our intellectual property rights.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile. 

A relatively small number of shares traded in any one day could have a significant effect on
the market price of our common stock. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate
significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this section and
elsewhere in this report or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry
analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements by our customers, competitors or suppliers
regarding their own performance, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and
political instability. In particular, reports concerning asbestos litigation or asbestos reform
could cause a significant increase or decrease in the market price of our common stock.

11 

Table of Contents 

Because our quarterly revenues and operating results may vary significantly in future periods, our
stock price may fluctuate. 

Our revenue and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. A high
proportion of our costs are fixed, due in part to significant selling and manufacturing costs.
Small declines in revenues could disproportionately affect operating results in a quarter and the
price of our common stock may fall. We may also incur charges to income to cover increases in the
estimate of our subsidiaries future asbestos liability. Other factors that could affect quarterly
operating results include, but are not limited to:

demand for our products; 

the timing and execution of customer contracts; 

the timing of sales of our products; 

payments related to asbestos litigation or annual costs related to asbestos
litigation that are not covered by insurance; 

the timing of receipt of insurance proceeds; 

increases in manufacturing costs due to equipment or labor issues; 

changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

changes in applicable tax rates; 

unanticipated delays or problems in introducing new products; 

announcements by competitors of new products, services or technological
innovations; 

changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; 

increased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, raw materials
or supplies, product development or administration; 

major changes in the level of economic activity in North America, Europe,
Asia and other major regions in which we do business; 

costs related to possible future acquisitions or divestitures of
technologies or businesses; 

an increase in the number or magnitude of product liability claims; 

our ability to expand our operations and the amount and timing of
expenditures related to expansion of our operations, particularly outside the United
States; and 

economic assumptions and market factors used to determine post-retirement
benefits and pension liabilities. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Various provisions and laws could delay or prevent a change of control. 

The anti-takeover provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, our shareholder
rights plan and provisions of North Carolina law could delay or prevent a change of control or may
impede the ability of the holders of our common stock to change our management. In particular, our
articles of incorporation and bylaws, among other things, will:

require a supermajority shareholder vote to approve any business
combination transaction with an owner of 5 or more of our shares unless the
transaction is recommended by disinterested directors; 

limit the right of shareholders to remove directors and fill vacancies; 

regulate how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for
election at shareholders meetings; and 

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more
series, without shareholder approval. 

Our shareholder rights plan will also make an acquisition of a controlling interest in EnPro
in a transaction not approved by our board of directors more difficult.

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the market price for our common
stock and adversely impact the trading price of our convertible debentures. 

In the future, we may sell additional shares of our common stock to raise capital. In
addition, a reasonable number of shares of our common stock are reserved for issuance under our
equity compensation plans, including shares to be issued upon the exercise of stock options,
vesting of restricted stock or unit grants, and upon conversion of our convertible debentures. We
cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market
price for our common stock. The issuance and sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or the
perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the trading price of the
debentures and the market price of our common stock.

Absence of dividends could reduce our attractiveness to investors. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. Moreover, our current
senior secured credit facility restricts our ability to pay cash dividends on common stock if
availability under the facility falls below 20 million. As a result, our common stock may be less
attractive to certain investors than the stock of companies with a history of paying regular
dividends.

Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 

Our debt agreement imposes limitations on our operations, which could impede our ability to respond
to market conditions, address unanticipated capital investments and/or pursue business
opportunities. 

We have a 75 million senior secured revolving credit facility that imposes limitations on our
operations, such as limitations on distributions, limitations on incurrence and repayment of
indebtedness, and maintenance of a fixed charge coverage financial ratio. These limitations could
impede our ability to respond to market conditions, address unanticipated capital investment needs
and/or pursue business opportunities.

13 

Table of Contents 

We may not have sufficient cash to repurchase our convertible debentures at the option of the
holder or upon a change of control or to pay the cash payable upon a conversion. 

Upon a change of control, subject to certain conditions, we will be required to make an offer
to repurchase for cash all outstanding convertible debentures at 100 of their principal amount
plus accrued and unpaid interest, including liquidated damages, if any, up to but not including the
date of repurchase. Upon a conversion, we will be required to make a cash payment of up to 1,000
for each 1,000 in principal amount of debentures converted. However, we may not have enough
available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of
tendered debentures or settlement of converted debentures. Any credit facility in place at the
time of a repurchase or conversion of the debentures may also limit our ability to use borrowings
to pay any cash payable on a repurchase or conversion of the debentures and may prohibit us from
making any cash payments on the repurchase or conversion of the debentures if a default or event of
default has occurred under that facility without the consent of the lenders under that credit
facility. Our current 75 million senior secured credit facility prohibits distributions from our
subsidiaries to us to make payments of interest on the debentures if a default or event of default
exists under the facility. Our senior secured credit facility also prohibits prepayments of the
debentures or distributions from our subsidiaries to us to make principal payments or payments upon
conversion of the debentures if a default or event of default exists under the facility or the
amount of the borrowing base under the facility, less the amount of outstanding borrowings under
the facility and letters of credit and reserves, is less than 20 million. Our failure to
repurchase tendered debentures at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to pay
any cash payable on a conversion of the debentures would constitute a default under the indenture.
A default under the indenture or the change of control itself could lead to a default under the
other existing and future agreements governing our indebtedness. If the repayment of the related
indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have
sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the debentures or make cash payments upon
conversion thereof.

Risks Related to the Recent Global Financial Crisis 

The volatility and disruption of global credit markets and adverse changes arising from the current
global financial crisis may negatively impact our ability to access financing and expose us to
unexpected risks. 

The current global financial and credit crisis exposes us to a variety of risks. We have
historically funded our business with cash from operations and the proceeds from the issuance of
our convertible debentures. We have a 75 million senior secured revolving credit facility with a
group of lenders as a backstop to our liquidity needs and there have been no borrowings under this
facility to date. In light of the unprecedented disruption of global credit markets and the
instability of financial institutions that until recently were of unquestioned strength, there is a
risk that a borrowing request properly made under the credit facility would not be honored by one
or more of our lenders. Under the terms of the credit facility, no lender is obligated to fund a
portion of a borrowing request that is not funded by another lender. Accordingly, in such an
instance actual borrowings under our credit facility may be insufficient to support our liquidity
needs and we would be required to seek alternate sources of liquidity. In light of the recent
capital and credit market disruption and volatility, we cannot assure you that such alternate
funding will be available to us on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or at all. As of the
date of this filing we have no reason to believe that a borrowing request, properly submitted by
us, would not be honored by any of our lenders, all of whom have assured us of their continuing
ability to fund our facility. In addition, we maintain deposit accounts with numerous financial
institutions around the world in amounts that exceed applicable governmental deposit insurance
levels. While we actively monitor our deposit relationships, we are subject to risk of loss in the
event of the unanticipated failure of a financial institution in which we maintain deposits, which
loss could be material to our results of operations and financial condition.

14 

Table of Contents 

Derivative transactions may expose us to unexpected risk and potential losses. 

We are party to certain derivative transactions, such as foreign exchange contracts and call
options (hedge and warrant transactions) with respect to our convertible debentures, with financial
institutions to hedge against certain financial risks. In light of current economic uncertainty
and potential for financial institution failures, we may be exposed to the risk that our
counterparty in a derivative transaction may be unable to perform its obligations as a result of
being placed in receivership or otherwise. In the event that a counterparty to a material
derivative transaction is unable to perform its obligations thereunder, we may experience material
losses that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable.

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

We are headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina and have 44 primary manufacturing facilities
in 8 states within the U.S. and 10 countries outside of the U.S. The following table outlines the
location, business segment and size of our largest facilities, along with whether we own or lease
each facility:

Owned/ 
 
 Size 

Location 
 
 Segment 
 
 Leased 
 
 (Square Feet) 

U.S. 

Palmyra, New York

Sealing Products 
 
 Owned 

694,000 

Longview, Texas

Sealing Products 
 
 Owned 

210,000 

Paragould, Arkansas

Sealing Products 
 
 Owned 

142,000 

Thorofare, New Jersey

Engineered Products 
 
 Owned 

120,000 

Beloit, Wisconsin

Engine Products and Services 
 
 Owned 

433,000 

Foreign 

Mexico City, Mexico

Sealing Products 
 
 Owned 

131,000 

Saint Etienne, France

Sealing Products 
 
 Owned 

108,000 

Annecy, France

Engineered Products 
 
 Leased 

196,000 

Heilbronn, Germany

Engineered Products 
 
 Owned 

127,000 

Sucany, Slovakia

Engineered Products 
 
 Owned 

109,000 

Our manufacturing capabilities are flexible and allow us to customize the manufacturing
process to increase performance and value for our customers and meet particular specifications. We
also maintain numerous sales offices and warehouse facilities in strategic locations in the U.S.,
Canada and other countries. We believe our facilities and equipment are generally in good
condition and are well maintained and able to continue to operate at present levels.

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Descriptions of environmental, asbestos and legal matters are included in Item 7 of this
annual report under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations Contingencies and in Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
which descriptions are incorporated by reference herein.

15 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the matters referenced above, we are from time to time subject to, and are
presently involved in, other litigation and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
business. We believe that the outcome of such other litigation and legal proceedings will not have
a material adverse affect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We were not subject to any penalties associated with any failure to disclose reportable
transactions under Section 6707A of the Internal Revenue Code.

ITEM 4. 
 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

Reserved.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Information concerning our executive officers is set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Stephen E. Macadam

49 

President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director 

William Dries

58 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer 

Richard L. Magee

52 

Senior Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary 

J. Milton Childress II

52 

Vice President, Strategic Planning and
Business Development 

Kenneth D. Walker

40 

Vice President, Continuous Improvement 

Robert P. McKinney

46 

Vice President, Human Resources 

Robert D. Rehley

49 

Vice President and Controller 

Orville G. Lunking

54 

Vice President and Treasurer 

Stephen E. Macadam has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President and as a director
since April 2008. Prior to accepting these positions with EnPro, Mr. Macadam served as Chief
Executive Officer of BlueLinx Holdings Inc. since October 2005. Before joining BlueLinx Holdings
Inc., Mr. Macadam was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Consolidated Container Company
LLC since August 2001. He served previously with Georgia-Pacific Corp. where he held the position
of Executive Vice President, Pulp Paperboard from July 2000 until August 2001, and the position
of Senior Vice President, Containerboard Packaging from March 1998 until July 2000. Mr. Macadam
held positions of increasing responsibility with McKinsey and Company, Inc. from 1988 until 1998,
culminating in the role of principal in charge of McKinsey s Charlotte, North Carolina operation.
Mr. Macadam is a director of Georgia Gulf Corporation.

William Dries is currently Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and has held
these positions since May 2002. He served as a consultant to Goodrich Corporation from September
2001 through December 2001 and was employed by Coltec Industries Inc from January 2002 through
April 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Dries was employed by United Dominion Industries, Inc. He was
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Dominion from December 1999 until May
2001, having

16 

Table of Contents 

previously served as Senior Vice President Finance, Vice President and Controller. Mr. Dries, a
certified public accountant, was with Ernst Young LLP in New York prior to joining United
Dominion in 1985. Mr. Dries is a director of Polypore International, Inc.

Richard L. Magee is currently Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and has
held these positions since May 2002. He served as a consultant to Goodrich Corporation from
October 2001 through December 2001, and was employed by Coltec Industries Inc from January 2002
through April 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Magee was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary of United Dominion Industries, Inc. from April 2000 until July 2001, having previously
served as Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Mr. Magee was a partner in the Charlotte,
North Carolina law firm Robinson, Bradshaw Hinson, P.A. prior to joining United Dominion in 1989.

J. Milton Childress II is currently Vice President, Strategic Planning and Business
Development and has held this position since February 2006, after having joined the EnPro corporate
staff in December 2005. He was a co-founder of and served from October 2001 through December 2005
as Managing Director of Charlotte-based McGuireWoods Capital Group. Prior to that, Mr. Childress
was Senior Vice President, Planning and Development of United Dominion Industries, Inc. from
December 1999 until May 2001, having previously served as Vice President. Mr. Childress held a
number of positions with Ernst Young s corporate finance consulting group prior to joining United
Dominion in 1992.

Kenneth D. Walker is currently Vice President, Continuous Improvement and has held this
position since September 2009, after having previously served as Vice President and General Manager
of GGB Americas from September 2006 through September 2009. At Plastomer Technologies, he was the
Vice President and General Manager from April 2003 through September 2006, the Vice President,
Sales and Marketing from September 2002 through April 2003, and from June 2001 through September
2002 he was the Director, Marketing and Business Development. Prior to joining Plastomer
Technologies, Mr. Walker worked in a variety of business development and general management roles
at G5 Technologies from January 2000 to May 2001, and at W. L. Gore Associates from June 1992 to
January 2000.

Robert P. McKinney is currently Vice President, Human Resources and has held this position
since April 2008, after having previously served as Deputy General Counsel from May 2002 to April
2008. Prior to joining EnPro, Mr. McKinney was General Counsel at Tredegar Corporation and
Assistant General Counsel with The Pittston Company, both in Richmond, Virginia. From 1990 to
1999, Mr. McKinney was employed by United Dominion Industries, Inc. in Charlotte, North Carolina,
as Corporate Counsel and subsequently Assistant General Counsel. Prior to joining United Dominion,
he was an associate with the Charlotte, North Carolina law firm of Smith Helms Mulliss Moore.

Robert D. Rehley is currently Vice President and Controller and has held these positions since
November 2008, after having previously served as the Company s Vice President and Treasurer since
May 2002. He was employed by Coltec Industries Inc from January 2002 through April 2002. Mr.
Rehley was Assistant Treasurer of Metaldyne Corporation from October 2001 to January 2002, and was
Executive Director Corporate Tax for Metaldyne from December 2000 until October 2001.
Previously, he was Treasurer of Simpson Industries from April 1998 until December 2000. Mr. Rehley
was Director Finance and Business Development for Cummins Engine Company, Inc. from October 1996
until April 1998.

Orville G. Lunking is currently Vice President and Treasurer and has held these positions
since February 2009. Prior to joining EnPro, Mr. Lunking served as Vice President and Treasurer
for Novelis Inc. from January 2005 to March 2008. Prior to that, he was Corporate Treasurer for
Smithfield Foods, Inc. from July 2001 to December 2004. Mr. Lunking previously served as Assistant
Treasurer International at Sara Lee Corporation from July 1997 to June 2001. Prior to this
time, he worked in
different finance-related roles at Allied Signal Inc., Bankers Trust Company, General Motors
Corporation and Milliken Company.

17 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol
 NPO. 

As of March 1, 2010, there
were 5,184 holders of record of our common stock. The price
range of our common stock from January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2009 is listed below by
quarter:

Low 
 
 High 

Sale Price 
 
 Sale Price 

Fiscal 2009: 

Fourth Quarter

20.93 

27.11 

Third Quarter

15.50 

24.50 

Second Quarter

15.21 

20.98 

First Quarter

13.36 

24.14 

Fiscal 2008: 

Fourth Quarter

14.40 

37.25 

Third Quarter

33.56 

43.68 

Second Quarter

31.21 

40.81 

First Quarter

24.40 

33.46 

We did not declare any cash dividends to our shareholders during 2009. For a discussion of
the restrictions on payment of dividends on our common stock, see Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Dividends. 

The following table sets forth all purchases made by us or on our behalf or any affiliated
purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, of shares of our common stock
during each month in the fourth quarter of 2009.

(d) Maximum Number 

(c) Total Number of 
 
 (or Approximate Dollar 

Shares (or Units) 
 
 Value) of Shares (or 

Purchased as Part of 
 
 Units) that May Yet Be 

(a) Total Number 
 
 (b) Average Price 
 
 Publicly Announced 
 
 Purchased Under the 

of Shares (or 
 
 Paid per Share 
 
 Plans or Programs 
 
 Plans or Programs 

Period 
 
 Units) Purchased 
 
 (or Unit) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (1) 

October 1
 October 31, 2009

November 1
 November 30, 2009

December 1
 December 31, 2009

887 
 (1) 

26.41 
 (1) 

Total

887 
 (1) 

26.41 
 (1) 

18 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 
 A total of 887 shares were transferred to a rabbi trust that we established in connection
with our Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, pursuant to which non-employee
directors may elect to defer directors fees into common stock units. Coltec, which is a
wholly owned subsidiary of EnPro, furnished these shares in exchange for management and other
services provided by EnPro. These shares were valued at a price of 26.41 per share, the
closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2009. We do not consider the transfer of
shares from Coltec in this context to be pursuant to a publicly announced plan or program. 

CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

Set forth below is a line graph showing the yearly change in the cumulative total
shareholder return for our common stock as compared to similar returns for the Russell 2000 Stock
Index and a group of our peers consisting of Flowserve Corporation, Robbins Myers, Inc., Gardner
Denver, Inc., Circor International, Inc., IDEX Corporation and The Gormann-Rupp Company. These
manufacturing companies were chosen because they are all similarly situated to EnPro in terms of
size and markets served. Each of the returns is calculated assuming the investment of 100 in each
of the securities on December 31, 2004 and reinvestment of dividends into additional shares of the
respective equity securities when paid. The graph plots the respective values beginning on
December 31, 2004 and continuing through December 31, 2009. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future performance.

COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
AMONG ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC., RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AND PEER GROUP INDEX 

ITEM 6. 
 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following historical consolidated financial information as of and for each of the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006 and 2005 has been derived from, and should be read
together with,

19 

Table of Contents 

our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, for each of
those years. The audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 and for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 are included elsewhere in
this annual report. The information presented below with respect to the last three completed
fiscal years should also be read together with Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2009 
 
 2008 (1) 
 
 2007 (1) 
 
 2006 (1) 
 
 2005 (1) 

(as adjusted, in millions, except per share data) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Net sales

803.0 

993.8 

873.8 

770.2 

709.2 

Income
(loss) from continuing operations

(143.6) 

32.8 

17.2 

(178.3) 

48.1 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Total assets

1,221.2 

1,333.8 

1,449.8 

1,384.3 

1,275.3 

Long-term debt (including current
portion)

130.4 

134.5 

133.3 

128.9 

124.5 

Per Common Share Data Diluted: 

Income
(loss) from continuing operations

(7.19) 

1.56 

0.77 

(8.54) 

2.26 

(1) 
 
 The historical amounts presented above have been adjusted to present our Quincy
Compressor business unit as a discontinued operation. In December 2009, we entered into an
agreement to effect the sale of our Quincy Compressor business unit. The results have also
been adjusted to reflect the retrospective application of new accounting rules for
certain convertible debt instruments as required in the transition guidance. 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have
affected our consolidated financial condition and operating results during the periods included in
the accompanying audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes. You should read
the following discussion in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the
related notes, included elsewhere in this annual report. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains certain statements that are forward-looking statements as that term is
defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Act and releases issued
by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The words may, hope, will, should, could, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential, 
 continue, and other expressions which are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and
which do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. We believe that it
is important to communicate our future expectations to our shareholders, and we therefore make
forward-looking statements in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of the Act. However, there
may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control, and our actual
results may differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. We advise you to read further about certain of these and other risk factors set forth
in Item 1A of this annual report, entitled Risk Factors. We undertake no 

20 

Table of Contents 

obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statement, either as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. Whenever you read or hear any subsequent written or oral forward-looking
statements attributed to us or any person acting on our behalf, you should keep in mind the
cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. 

Overview and Outlook 

Overview . EnPro was incorporated under the laws of the State of North Carolina on
January 11, 2002. We design, develop, manufacture and market proprietary engineered industrial
products. We have 44 primary manufacturing facilities located in the United States and 10
countries outside the United States.

We manage our business as three segments: a Sealing Products segment, an Engineered Products
segment, and an Engine Products and Services segment.

Our Sealing Products segment designs, manufactures and sells sealing products, including
metallic, non-metallic and composite material gaskets, rotary seals, compression packing, resilient
metal seals, elastomeric seals, hydraulic components and expansion joints, as well as wheel-end
component systems, PTFE products, conveyor belting and sheeted rubber products. These products are
used in a variety of industries, including chemical and petrochemical processing, petroleum
extraction and refining, pulp and paper processing, heavy-duty trucking, power generation, food and
pharmaceutical processing, primary metal manufacturing, mining, water and waste treatment,
aerospace, medical, filtration and semiconductor fabrication.

Our Engineered Products segment includes operations that design, manufacture and sell
self-lubricating, non-rolling, metal-polymer, solid polymer and filament wound bearing products,
aluminum blocks for hydraulic applications and compressor components. These products are used in a
wide range of applications, including the automotive, pharmaceutical, pulp and paper, natural gas,
health, pump and compressor construction, power generation, machine tools, air treatment, refining,
petrochemical and general industrial markets.

Our Engine Products and Services segment designs, manufactures, sells and services heavy-duty,
medium-speed diesel, natural gas and dual fuel reciprocating engines. The United States government
and the general markets for marine propulsion, power generation, and pump and compressor
applications use these products and services.

The Company s Quincy Compressor business designed, manufactured and sold rotary and
reciprocating air compressors, vacuum pumps and air systems used in the automotive, pharmaceutical,
natural gas, health, air treatment and general industrial markets. In December 2009, we signed a
definitive agreement to sell the Quincy Compressor business to the Atlas Copco Group for
approximately 190 million in cash. The transaction closed in the first quarter of
2010. Accordingly, the Quincy Compressor business is presented as a discontinued operation in this
Form 10-K. Additional information regarding the sale of the Quincy Compressor business is included
in Item 9B and Note 18.

In January 2008, we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Sinflex Sealing
Technologies, a distributor and manufacturer of industrial sealing products, located in Shanghai,
China. The operation conducts business as Garlock Sealing Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. and is
operated and managed as part of the global Garlock Sealing Technologies business unit in the
Sealing Products segment. Sinflex was Garlock s principal distributor in China for over a decade.

In February 2008, we acquired the stock of V.W. Kaiser Engineering, a manufacturer of pins,
bushings and suspension kits primarily for the heavy-duty truck and bus aftermarket. V.W. Kaiser

21 

Table of Contents 

Engineering is located in Michigan. It is operated and managed as part of the Stemco business
unit, which is in the Sealing Products segment.

In June 2008, we purchased the 20 ownership of the minority shareholder of Garlock Pty
Limited in Australia. Subsequent to the share purchase, we own 100 of Garlock Pty Limited, which
is in the Sealing Products segment.

In October and November 2008, we acquired certain assets of and assumed certain liabilities of
three businesses which provide components and aftermarket services for reciprocating compressors to
customers in the petroleum, natural gas, PET bottle molding and chemical processing industries.
The acquired businesses are Horizon Compressor Services, Inc., located in Houston, Texas; RAM Air,
Inc., located in New Smyrna Beach, Florida; and C P Services (Northern) Limited, located in
Warrington, UK. The businesses are operated and managed as part of the CPI business unit in the
Engineered Products segment.

In December 2008, we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Northern
Gaskets and Mouldings Limited (NGM), a distributor of sealing products and a manufacturer of
gaskets, located in Batley, UK. NGM operates as part of Garlock (Great Britain) Limited in the
Sealing Products segment. NGM increases Garlock s presence in the petrochemical, pharmaceutical
and oil and gas industries in the UK.

In February 2009, we purchased PTM (UK) Limited, a privately-owned manufacturer and
distributor of sealing products with two locations in the United Kingdom. The acquisition of PTM
continued the expansion of Garlock s presence in the U.K., increasing the scale of the U.K. sealing
products business and the ability to address new market segments. PTM is included in our
Sealing Products segment.

In August and September 2009, we purchased USA Parts Service, LLC, a privately-owned parts
supplier for natural gas compressors located in Gillette, Wyoming, and Player Cornish P.E.T.
Limited, a privately-owned manufacturer of aftermarket components for compressors based in the
United Kingdom. These businesses are managed as part of the CPI division in the Engineered
Products segment.

In December 2009, we purchased Technetics Corporation, a leading manufacturer of abradable
seals, brush seals and acoustic products for turbines used in aerospace and power generation
applications located in Deland, Florida. The acquisition of Technetics provides Garlock with a
unique line of metal sealing products that is expected to accelerate expansion in aerospace markets
and broaden the line of products offered for land-based turbines. Technetics is included in our
Sealing Products segment.

During the first quarter of 2009, we concluded that events had occurred and circumstances had
changed which required us to perform an interim period goodwill impairment test for all of our
reporting units, including GGB in the Engineered Products segment and at Plastomer Technologies in
the Sealing Products segment, both of which had experienced reduced volumes as a result of
deterioration in the global economic environment. We performed a preliminary analysis and
determined that it was necessary to conduct an impairment test for GGB and Plastomer.

During the second quarter of 2009, we conducted a thorough analysis to compare the fair value
of GGB and Plastomer Technologies to the respective carrying values assigned to their net assets.
The excess of the fair value of each reporting unit over the carrying value assigned to its assets
and liabilities is the implied fair value of its goodwill. To estimate the fair value, we used
both discounted cash flow and market valuation approaches. The discounted cash flow approach uses
cash flow projections to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit; the market approach
relies on market multiples of similar companies. The key assumptions used for the discounted cash
flow approach include business

22 

Table of Contents 

projections, growth rates, and discount rates. The discount rate we
used was based on EnPro s weighted average cost of capital. For the market approach, we chose a
group of 26 companies that we believed to be representative of our diversified industrial and
automotive peers. Based on the results of the test, we determined that the fair values of GGB and
Plastomer were less than the carrying values of their net assets, resulting in an implied fair
value of goodwill of zero for both GGB and Plastomer. As a result, we recognized a non-cash
impairment charge of 113.1 million, which represented all of the remaining goodwill in these
reporting units, in the second quarter of 2009.

During the analysis, we also tested the fair value of all our other reporting units and
determined that there was no goodwill impairment for any of the other reporting units. We
completed our required annual impairment test of goodwill for all of our reporting units as of
October 1, 2009 and the results did not indicate any impairment of the remaining goodwill. Based
on the results of the test, we determined that the fair value of one of the reporting units
exceeded its carrying value by approximately 60 and the other reporting units having goodwill
balances had fair values that exceeded their carrying values by over 100 .

On March 3, 2008, pursuant to a 100 million share repurchase authorization approved by our
board of directors, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase ASR agreement with a
financial institution to provide for the immediate retirement of 50 million of our common stock.
Under the ASR agreement, we purchased approximately 1.7 million shares of our common stock from a
financial institution at an initial price of 29.53 per share. Total consideration paid at initial
settlement to repurchase these shares, including commissions and other fees, was approximately
 50.2 million and was recorded in shareholders equity as a reduction of common stock and
additional paid-in capital. The price adjustment period under the ASR terminated on August 29,
2008. In connection with the finalization of
the ASR, we remitted in cash a final settlement adjustment of 11.9 million to the financial
institution that executed the ASR. The final settlement adjustment, recorded as a reduction of
additional paid-in capital, was based on the average of the reported daily volume-weighted average
price of our common stock during the term of the ASR. It resulted in a remittance to the financial
institution because the volume-weighted average price of our common stock during the term of the
ASR exceeded the initial price of 29.53 per share. After the final settlement adjustment, we had
completed about 62 million of the share repurchase authorization.

Pursuant to the share repurchase authorization and in accordance with the terms of a plan to
repurchase shares announced on September 8, 2008, we acquired 252,400 shares of our common stock in
open-market transactions at an average price of about 28.00 per share, resulting in total
repurchases of approximately 7.1 million, including commissions and fees, from October 1, 2008 to
October 29, 2008. On October 29, 2008, in light of the volatility in the financial and credit
markets, the board of directors terminated the share repurchase plan.

As described elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, we actively manage the asbestos claims against our subsidiaries and the
remaining insurance assets available for the payment of these claims. We accrue an estimated
liability for both pending and future asbestos claims for the next ten years. For additional
information on this subject discussed in this section, see Contingencies Asbestos. 

Outlook 

In the near-term, the pace of recovery in our markets is uncertain, but we believe modest
growth is likely during the first half of the year. An increase in volume and the advantages of
the cost reduction and efficiency programs we implemented last year should benefit our performance
during that period and improve our results compared to the first half of 2009. The short cycles of
most of our businesses make the second half of the year more difficult to foresee, but we believe
that we have positioned our

23 

Table of Contents 

operations to capture new opportunities as they arise throughout the
year. Our balance sheet remains strong and the resources available for investments in our
operations will be increased by the proceeds from the sale of Quincy Compressor. With stable
markets, a lean enterprise and a solid financial base, we look forward to resuming and accelerating
our growth in 2010.

Subject to a return to historical levels of profitability, and mix of domestic and foreign
earnings, we expect that our effective tax rate in 2010 and beyond will be less volatile than it
was in 2009. As a result of structural and organizational changes we have made in our European
operations, we anticipate that our effective tax rate should generally be lower than historical
rates.

We anticipate that cash flows in 2010 should benefit from improved operating income and the
sale of Quincy Compressor, partially offset by higher capital expenditures, working capital and
pension contributions.

Despite significant improvement in the equity and fixed income investment markets in 2009, our
U.S. defined benefit plans continue to be underfunded due to an increase in the value of plan
liabilities. Based on currently available data, which is subject to change, we estimate that we
will be required to make cash contributions in 2010 totaling 3.4 million. We estimate that the
annual U.S. pension expense in 2010 will be flat versus 2009.

In connection with our business strategy to accelerate growth, we will continue to evaluate
acquisitions and divestitures in 2010; however, the impact of such acquisitions and divestitures
cannot be predicted and therefore is not reflected in this outlook.

We address our outlook on asbestos claims and their impact in this Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Asbestos subsection of the
 Contingencies section.

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Sales

Sealing Products

399.4 

503.5 

457.3 

Engineered Products

238.3 

350.0 

289.4 

Engine Products and Services

166.7 

142.1 

128.1 

804.4 

995.6 

874.8 

Intersegment sales

(1.4) 

(1.8) 

(1.0) 

Total sales

803.0 

993.8 

873.8 

Segment Profit

Sealing Products

55.8 

87.0 

74.0 

Engineered Products

(13.3) 

38.5 

39.1 

Engine Products and Services

30.5 

20.2 

14.6 

Total segment profit

73.0 

145.7 

127.7 

24 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Corporate expenses

(28.9) 

(27.4) 

(26.0) 

Asbestos-related expenses

(135.5) 

(52.1) 

(68.4) 

Goodwill impairment charge

(113.1) 

Interest expense, net

(11.4) 

(10.0) 

(4.2) 

Other income (expense), net

17.7 

(6.6) 

(2.6) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
before income taxes

(198.2) 

49.6 

26.5 

Segment profit is total segment revenue reduced by operating expenses and restructuring
and other costs identifiable with the segment. Corporate expenses include general corporate
administrative costs. Expenses not directly attributable to the segments, corporate expenses, net
interest expense, asbestos-related expenses, gains/losses or impairments related to the sale of
assets and income taxes are not included in the computation of segment profit. The accounting
policies of the reportable segments are the same as those for EnPro.

2009 Compared to 2008 

Sales of 803.0 million in 2009 decreased 19 from 993.8 million in 2008. The decline in
sales was the result of weak volumes in the Sealing Products and Engineered Products segments. The
drop in volumes resulted from slow industrial markets, reduced OEM truck and trailer volumes, and
lower automotive volumes. Fairbanks Morse Engine experienced higher sales of engine aftermarket
parts and services in 2009 compared to 2008. The decrease in the values of foreign currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar accounted for three percentage points of the decline in sales.

Segment profit, management s primary measure of how our operations perform, decreased 50 from
 145.7 million in 2008 to 73.0 million in 2009. Segment profit decreased primarily due to lower
volumes and lower absorption of manufacturing costs due to reduced production levels. These
decreases were partially offset by cost improvements resulting from actions taken in response to
market weakness and selected price increases. Segment margins, defined as segment profit divided
by sales, declined from 14.7 in 2008 to 9.1 in 2009. The weaker results at most businesses,
particularly GGB and Plastomer, were the primary cause for the decrease in segment margins,
offsetting margin improvement at Fairbanks Morse Engine.

Asbestos expenses in 2009 were 135.5 million and included net cash outlays of 29.3 million
for legal fees and expenses incurred during the year, 25.5 million in non-cash charges to maintain
a ten-year liability estimate for future claims, and an 80.7 million non-cash charge to adjust the
liability to reflect changes in its assumptions regarding new claims filings, payments by trusts
established to pay claims against former asbestos defendants who have emerged from bankruptcy, and
other factors. In 2008, asbestos expenses were 52.1 million. The higher expense in 2009 was
primarily the result of adjustments made to management s estimation model in the fourth quarter of
2009.

We recorded an income tax benefit of 54.6 million on a loss before income taxes of 198.2
million in 2009. During 2008, we recorded income tax expense of 16.8 million on income before
income taxes of 49.6 million. The income tax benefit in 2009 was favorably impacted by structural and organizational changes in our European operations which were not in place during
2008.

25 

Table of Contents 

We recorded goodwill impairment charges of 113.1 million in 2009. There were no goodwill
impairment charges in 2008.

In 2009, we recorded income in connection with a reassessment of a liability related to
retiree medical benefits for former employees of a previously owned business. An actuarial
analysis determined that our expected liability is significantly less than the amount previously
accrued. As a result, we reduced the potential liability by 19.2 million.

Net loss was 139.3 million, or 6.97 per share, in 2009 compared to net income of 50.6
million, or 2.40 per share, in 2008. Earnings (loss) per share are expressed on a diluted basis.

Following is a discussion of operating results for each segment during the year:

Sealing Products . Sales of 399.4 million in 2009 were 21 lower than the 503.5
million reported in 2008. Unit volume declines caused most of the reduction and the unfavorable
impact of foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar accounted for three percentage
points of the reduction. Sales at Garlock Sealing Technologies decreased as a result of reduced
demand in all geographic markets; weakness in the steel, oil and gas sectors; and weaker foreign
currencies partially offset by selected price increases. Stemco s sales decreased primarily as a
result of the lower volumes, partially offset by selected price increases and a favorable mix of
aftermarket versus OEM volumes. Its OEM sales for the U.S. heavy-duty truck market in 2009 were
significantly lower compared to 2008 as the number of new trailers built and usage of existing
trucks decreased as a result of the U.S. economic slowdown. Stemco s aftermarket sales were also
lower compared to 2008 but to a much lesser extent than OEM sales. Plastomer Technologies
experienced a sales decrease during 2009 compared to 2008 due to reduced volumes across all product
lines.

Segment profit of 55.8 million in 2009 decreased 36 compared to the 87.0 million reported
in 2008, primarily caused by weak volumes. A decrease in profit at Garlock Sealing Technologies
reflected the impact of lower sales and lower absorption of manufacturing costs due to reduced
production levels, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses, other
cost reductions and selected price increases. Stemco reported a decline in profit primarily due to
the slowdown in the heavy-duty vehicle markets and the resulting lower volume and absorption of
manufacturing costs, partially offset by a favorable mix of aftermarket versus OEM and selected
price increases. Plastomer reported a higher segment loss compared to 2008 due to lower sales in
most of its markets and higher material costs. Operating margins for the segment decreased to
14.0 in 2009 from 17.3 in 2008 as the impact of volume was partially negated by improved pricing
on certain products and the benefits from cost reduction initiatives.

Engineered Products . Sales of 238.3 million in 2009 were 32 lower than the 350.0
million reported in 2008, primarily caused by reduced volumes. The year-over-year decrease in the
value of foreign currencies produced four percentage points of the sales decrease. Sales for GGB
in 2009 were significantly lower than the amount reported in 2008 primarily due to reduced volume
in automotive and industrial markets. Sales for Compressor Products International in 2009 were
lower due to lower volume in its natural gas and other markets.

The segment loss in 2009 was 13.3 million, compared to the 38.5 million segment profit
reported in 2008. GGB s results reflected a loss in 2009 due to low volumes and the resulting
impact of lower absorption of manufacturing costs due to reduced production levels. Compressor
Products International reported decreases in profits as a result of lower volume and lower
absorption of manufacturing costs. The negative operating margins of 5.6 for the segment compare
to positive 11.0 margins in 2008.

26 

Table of Contents 

Engine Products and Services . Sales increased 17 from 142.1 million in 2008 to
record sales of 166.7 million in 2009. The increase was attributable to higher engine,
aftermarket parts and service sales.

The segment reported a profit of 30.5 million in 2009 compared to 20.2 million in 2008. The
year-over-year improvement was driven by the increase in volumes and higher margin aftermarket
sales. Operating margins for the segment increased to 18.3 in 2009 from 14.2 in 2008.

2008 Compared to 2007 

Sales of 993.8 million in 2008 increased 14 from 873.8 million in 2007. The results of
acquisitions added six percentage points of the sales increase. The increase in the values of
foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar contributed three percentage points to the increase.
The remaining growth was primarily the result of selected price increases and additional volume at
several businesses partially offset by lower volume at Stemco due to a decline in demand from OEM
heavy-duty truck and trailer manufacturers and aftermarket customers.

Segment profit increased 14 from 127.7 million in 2007 to 145.7 million in 2008. Segment
profit increased primarily due to selected price increases, increased volume and acquisitions.
These improvements were partially offset by cost increases in several areas, particularly raw
materials and other manufacturing input costs. Segment margins increased slightly from 14.6 in
2007 to 14.7 in 2008.

Asbestos expenses in 2008 were 52.1 million and included net cash outlays of 26.2 million
for legal fees and expenses incurred during the year and 25.9 million in non-cash charges to
maintain a ten-year liability estimate for future claims. In 2007, asbestos expenses were 68.4
million. The higher expense in 2007 was primarily the result of adjustments made to management s
estimation model in the fourth quarter of 2007.

Net interest expense in 2008 was 10.0 million compared to net interest expense of 4.2
million in 2007. The net interest expense increase was a result of the decrease in invested cash
balances and lower yields on investments.

Our effective tax rate for 2008 was 33.9 compared to 35.1 in 2007. The change in the rate
is principally a result of the reversal of reserves for uncertain tax positions in connection with
the settlement of various tax audits and the benefit of reductions in statutory income tax rates in
certain countries.

Net income was 50.6 million, or 2.40 per share, in 2008 compared to 35.1 million, or 1.57
per share, in 2007 before extraordinary items. Earnings per share are expressed on a diluted
basis.

Following is a discussion of operating results for each segment during the year:

Sealing Products . Sales of 503.5 million in 2008 were 10 higher than the 457.3
million reported in 2007, however, the year-to-year improvement decelerated as the year progressed.
Acquisitions added three percentage points of the growth while organic growth contributed five
percentage points. The favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar
accounted for two percentage points of the growth. Garlock Sealing Technologies sales were
favorably impacted by increased demand in European markets; strength in the oil and gas, energy,
mining and primary metals sectors; selected price increases; and increases in the value of foreign
currencies. Stemco s sales during the year increased as a result of the acquisition of the V.W.
Kaiser business in late February. Its OEM and aftermarket sales for the U.S. heavy-duty truck
market continued to be lower compared to 2007 as the number of new trailers built and usage of
existing trucks decreased as a result of

27 

Table of Contents 

the U.S. economic slowdown. Sales for Plastomer Technologies were down in 2008 compared to 2007
due to slowdowns in its semi-conductor markets.

Segment profit of 87.0 million in 2008 increased 18 compared to the 74.0 million reported
in 2007. An increase in profit at Garlock Sealing Technologies resulted from lower restructuring
charges and reflects the benefits of its higher sales volumes. Stemco reported an increase in
profit due to the impact of the addition of the V.W. Kaiser business, partially offset by the
slowdown in the heavy-duty vehicle markets. Costs associated with the consolidation of its
facilities and lower volumes negatively impacted Plastomer Technologies results compared to 2007.
Operating margins for the segment increased to 17.3 in 2008 from 16.2 in 2007 primarily as a
result of the earnings improvement at Garlock Sealing Technologies.

Engineered Products . Sales of 350.0 million in 2008 were 21 higher than 2007 sales
of 289.4. Acquisitions favorably impacted revenue by eleven percentage points and increased
activity in the segment s operations added four percentage points. The increase in the value of
foreign currencies contributed six percentage points of the sales increase. Sales for Compressor
Products International in 2008 were higher than 2007 due to acquisitions and increased volumes.
Despite a significant decline late in the year, GGB sales in 2008 exceeded 2007 sales due to
favorable foreign exchange rates and an acquisition.

Segment profits were 38.5 million in 2008, which compares to 39.1 million reported in 2007.
GGB s profits decreased in 2008 due to material cost increases that exceeded price increases.
Significant market declines in the second half largely negated first half volume gains and resulted
in lower productivity. Profits at Compressor Products International increased as a result of
higher volumes and acquisitions. Operating margins for the segment decreased from 13.5 in 2007 to
11.0 in 2008.

Engine Products and Services . Sales increased from 128.1 million in 2007 to 142.1
million in 2008. The increase in sales was principally due to higher revenue from engines and
higher parts sales in 2008.

The segment reported a profit of 20.2 million in 2008 compared to 14.6 million in 2007. The
improvement resulted from higher margins on engine sales, increased parts volumes and productivity
improvements in 2008 compared to 2007. Operating margins for the segment increased to 14.2 in
2008 from 11.4 in 2007.

Restructuring and Other Costs 

Restructuring expense was 10.2 million, 4.6 million and 6.0 million for 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively. In 2009, the expense was primarily related to restructuring activities
associated with workforce reductions at GGB and Garlock Sealing Technologies. In 2007 and 2008,
the expense related primarily to Garlock Sealing Technologies Palmyra modernization project. See
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding restructuring
and other costs in each year.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash requirements for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt repayments and
common stock repurchases have been funded from cash balances on hand and cash generated from
operations. The Company is proactively pursuing acquisition opportunities, some of which may be of
a size which could exceed our cash balances at the time of closing. Should we need additional
capital, we have other resources available, which are discussed in this section under the heading
of Capital Resources. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 

Operating activities provided 59.0 million, 77.5 million and 81.3 million in 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.

The decrease in operating cash flows in 2009 versus 2008 was primarily attributable to the
weak volumes that reduced net income, partially offset by improvements in working capital. Working
capital changes increased cash by 17.4 million in 2009 compared to a 20.1 million cash reduction
in 2008, a 37.5 million improvement.

The decrease in operating cash flows in 2008 versus 2007 was primarily attributable to an
increase in working capital and higher net outflows for asbestos. Asbestos-related insurance
collections were lower in 2008 than in 2007 and amounted to 72.7 million and 90.2 million,
respectively. The decrease in insurance collections was partially offset by a decrease in
asbestos-related payments, which amounted to 109.7 million in 2008 and 115.1 million in 2007. We
made a 10 million contribution to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans in 2007 but no
contribution in 2008.

We used 66.3 million, 58.5 million and 138.6 million in investing activities in 2009, 2008
and 2007, respectively. The increased cash used in investing activities in 2009 versus 2008 was
primarily attributable to increased net payments for acquisitions and reduced proceeds from sales
of assets and liquidation of investments, largely offset by reduced capital investments. We made
net payments for acquisitions of 51.1 million in 2009 compared to 33.0 million in 2008. Capital
expenditures in 2009 were 22.7 million less than in 2008 as most businesses reduced spending in
response to less favorable market conditions.

The decreased cash used in investing activities in 2008 versus 2007 was primarily attributable
to a reduction in net payments for acquisitions from 77.0 million in 2007 to 33.0 million in
2008, and a reclassification of 19.5 million of unrestricted cash balances to other current and
noncurrent assets in 2007. These were partially offset by a 14.4 million increase in proceeds
from sales of assets and liquidation of investments in 2008 versus 2007.

In 2009, we retired 9.9 million in industrial revenue bonds and other debt.

In 2008, we paid 69.2 million in connection with the repurchase of approximately 1.9 million
shares of our common stock under a share repurchase program. These transactions were reflected as
financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Capital Resources 

Our primary U.S. operating subsidiaries have a senior secured revolving credit facility with a
group of banks, which matures on April 21, 2011. We have not borrowed against this facility but do
have 7.5 million of letters of credit outstanding. The facility is collateralized by our
receivables, inventories, intellectual property, insurance receivables and all other personal
property assets (other than fixed assets) of our U.S. subsidiaries, and by pledges of 65 of the
capital stock of our direct foreign subsidiaries and 100 of the capital stock of our direct and
indirect U.S. subsidiaries. The facility contains covenants and restrictions that are customary
for an asset-based loan, including limitations on dividends, limitations on incurrence of
indebtedness and maintenance of a fixed charge coverage financial ratio. Most of the covenants and
restrictions apply only if availability under the facility falls below certain levels.

The maximum initial amount available for borrowings under the facility is 75 million. Under
certain conditions, we may request that the facility be increased by up to 25 million, to 100
million in

29 

Table of Contents 

total. Actual borrowing availability at any date is determined by reference to a borrowing
base of specified percentages of eligible accounts receivable and inventory and is reduced by usage
of the facility, which includes outstanding letters of credit, and any reserves. The actual
borrowing availability at December 31, 2009 under our senior secured revolving credit facility was
 63.2 million after giving consideration to letters of credit outstanding.

We issued 172.5 million of convertible debentures in 2005. The debentures bear interest at
an annual rate of 3.9375 , and we pay accrued interest on April 15 and October 15 of each year.
The debentures will mature on October 15, 2015. The debentures are direct, unsecured and
unsubordinated obligations and rank equal in priority with our unsecured and unsubordinated
indebtedness and will be senior in right of payment to all subordinated indebtedness. They would
effectively rank junior to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets
securing such indebtedness. The debentures do not contain any financial covenants. Holders may
convert the debentures into cash and shares of our common stock, if any, at an initial conversion
rate of 29.5972 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of debentures (which is equal to
an initial conversion price of 33.79 per share), subject to adjustment, before the close of
business on October 15, 2015. Upon conversion, we would deliver (i) cash equal to the lesser of
the aggregate principal amount of the debentures to be converted or our total conversion
obligation, and (ii) shares of our common stock in respect of the remainder, if any, of our
conversion obligation. Conversion is permitted only under certain circumstances that had not
occurred at December 31, 2009.

We used a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the debentures to enter into call
options (hedge and warrant transactions), which entitle us to purchase shares of our stock from a
financial institution at 33.79 per share and entitle the financial institution to purchase shares
of our stock from us at 46.78 per share. This will reduce potential dilution to our common
stockholders from conversion of the debentures and have the effect to us of increasing the
conversion price of the debentures to 46.78 per share.

We
received approximately 184.2 million in cash from the sale of
Quincy on March 1, 2010 and expect to receive an additional
 5.8 million in cash on or before December 18, 2010 upon the
closing of the sale of Quincy s subsidiary in China. Net of
taxes, the proceeds from the sale of Quincy should total approximately
 150.0 million. Additional information regarding the sale of the
Quincy Compressor business is included in Item 9B and
Note 18.

Dividends 

To date, we have not paid dividends and we do not intend to pay a dividend in the foreseeable
future. If availability under our senior secured revolving credit facility falls below 20
million, we would be limited in our ability to pay dividends. As of December 31, 2009, we exceeded
this minimum threshold. The indenture that governs the convertible debentures does not restrict us
from paying dividends.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements, in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosures pertaining to contingent assets and liabilities. Note 1, Overview and Significant
Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting
policies used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. On an ongoing basis we evaluate
our estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to bad debts, inventories, intangible
assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, restructuring, pensions and other postretirement
benefits, and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from these estimates.

30 

Table of Contents 

We believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are the most critical. Some
of them involve significant judgments and uncertainties and could potentially result in materially
different results under different assumptions and conditions.

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized at the time title and risk of ownership is transferred or when services
are rendered. Any shipping costs billed to customers are recognized as revenue and expensed in
cost of goods sold.

Asbestos 

We accrue for known and estimated future asbestos claims for the next ten years and we record
legal fees and expenses only when incurred.

The significant assumptions underlying the material components of the estimated liability
include: the number and trend of claims asserted; the mix of alleged diseases or impairment; the
trend in the number of claims for malignant cases, primarily mesothelioma; the probability that
some existing and potential future claims will eventually be dismissed without payment; the
estimated amount to be paid per claim; and the timing and impact of large amounts available for the
payment of claims from the 524(g) trusts of former defendants in bankruptcy. The actual number of
future actions filed per year and the payments necessary to resolve those claims could exceed those
reflected in our estimate of the liability.

With the assistance of Bates White, we periodically review the period over which we can make a
reasonable estimate, the assumptions underlying our estimate, the range of reasonably possible
potential liabilities and management s estimate of the liability, and adjust the estimate if
necessary. Changing circumstances and new data that may become available could cause a change in
the estimated liability in the future by an amount that cannot currently be reasonably estimated,
and that increase could be significant and material. Additional discussion is included in this
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in
 Contingencies Asbestos. 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

We have entered into contracts to hedge forecasted transactions occurring at various dates
through December 2010 that are denominated in foreign currencies. Most of these contracts are
accounted for as cash flow hedges. As cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss
on the contracts is reported in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion is reported
in income. Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified into income in the
period when the hedged transactions occur.

Pensions and Postretirement Benefits 

We and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and
other postretirement plans. Major assumptions used in the accounting for these employee benefit
plans include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of increase in employee
compensation levels and assumed health care cost trend rates. Assumptions are determined based on
data available to us and appropriate market indicators, and are evaluated each year as of the
plans measurement date. A change in any of these assumptions could have a material effect on net
periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs reported in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations, as well as amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 12 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of pension and postretirement benefits.

31 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 

We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Temporary differences
arising from the difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet are used to calculate future income tax assets or liabilities.
This method also requires the recognition of deferred tax benefits, such as net operating loss
carryforwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to the taxable
income (losses) in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period that includes the enactment date. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a discussion of income taxes.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

We do not amortize goodwill, but instead it is subject to annual impairment testing. The
goodwill asset impairment test involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its
carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a second step
of comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill to the carrying amount of that
goodwill is required to measure the potential goodwill impairment loss. There are inherent
assumptions and estimates used in developing future cash flows which require management to apply
judgment to the analysis of intangible asset impairment, including projecting revenues, interest
rates, the cost of capital, royalty rates and tax rates. Many of the factors used in assessing
fair value are outside the control of management and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and
estimates will change in future periods. These changes can result in future impairments.

New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of new accounting
pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and the expected effects on results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition, if any.

Contingencies 

General 

Various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings with respect to commercial, product
liability, asbestos and environmental matters, all arising in the ordinary course of business, are
pending or threatened against us or our subsidiaries and seek monetary damages and/or other
remedies. We believe that any liability that may finally be determined with respect to commercial
and non-asbestos product liability claims should not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. From time to time, we and our
subsidiaries are also involved as plaintiffs in legal proceedings involving contract, patent
protection, environmental, insurance and other matters.

Environmental 

Our facilities and operations are subject to federal, state and local environmental and
occupational health and safety requirements of the U.S. and foreign countries. We take a proactive
approach in our efforts to comply with environmental, health and safety laws as they relate to our
manufacturing operations and in proposing and implementing any remedial plans that may be
necessary. We also regularly conduct comprehensive environmental, health and safety audits at our
facilities to maintain compliance and improve operational efficiency.

32 

Table of Contents 

Although we believe past operations were in substantial compliance with the then applicable
regulations, we or one of our subsidiaries have been named as a potentially responsible party, or
are otherwise involved, at 20 sites where the costs to us are expected to exceed 100,000.
Investigations have been completed for 16 sites and are in progress at the other four sites. The
majority of these sites relate to remediation projects at former operating facilities that were
sold or closed and primarily deal with soil and groundwater contamination.

As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, EnPro had accrued liabilities of 20.5 million and 22.1
million, respectively, for estimated future expenditures relating to environmental contingencies.
See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our
environmental contingencies.

Colt Firearms and Central Moloney 

We have contingent liabilities related to divested businesses for which certain of our
subsidiaries retained liability or are obligated under indemnity agreements. These contingent
liabilities include, but are not limited to, potential product liability and associated claims
related to firearms manufactured prior to 1990 by Colt Firearms, a former operation of Coltec, and
for electrical transformers manufactured prior to 1994 by Central Moloney, another former Coltec
operation. Coltec also has ongoing obligations, which are included in retained liabilities of
previously owned businesses in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, with regard to workers 
compensation, retiree medical and other retiree benefit matters that relate to Coltec s periods of
ownership of these operations.

Crucible Materials Corporation 

Crucible Materials Corporation Crucible ), which is engaged primarily in the manufacture and
distribution of high technology specialty metal products, was a wholly owned subsidiary of Coltec
until 1985 when a majority of the outstanding shares were sold. Coltec divested its remaining
minority interest in 2004. Crucible filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in May 2009. See
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about certain liabilities relating
to Coltec s ownership of Crucible.

Debt and Capital Lease Guarantees 

As of December 31, 2009, we had contingent liabilities for potential payments on a guarantee
of certain debt and lease obligations totaling 0.6 million arising from the divestiture of
Crucible. The obligations mature in 2010. In the event that Crucible does not fulfill its
obligations under the debt or lease agreements, we could be responsible for all or a portion of
these obligations. There is no liability for these guarantees reflected in our Consolidated
Balance Sheets.

Asbestos 

History . Certain of our subsidiaries, primarily Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC Garlock and The Anchor Packing Company Anchor ), are among a large number of defendants in
actions filed in various states by plaintiffs alleging injury or death as a result of exposure to
asbestos fibers. Among the many products at issue in these actions are industrial sealing
products, including gaskets and packing products. Since the first asbestos-related lawsuits were
filed against Garlock in 1975, Garlock and Anchor have processed more than 900,000 asbestos claims
to conclusion (including judgments, settlements and dismissals) and, together with their insurers,
have paid over 1.4 billion in settlements and judgments and over 400 million in fees and
expenses. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the disease mix
in the claims, new claims recently filed, product defenses asserted by our subsidiaries, recent
trial and appellate results, and settlements.

33 

Table of Contents 

Status of Anchor . Anchor is an inactive and insolvent indirect subsidiary of Coltec.
There is no remaining insurance coverage available to Anchor. Anchor has no remaining assets and
has not committed to settle any actions since 1998. As cases reach the trial stage, Anchor is
typically dismissed without payment.

Insurance Coverage . At December 31, 2009, Garlock had available 238.6
million of insurance and trust coverage that we believe will be available to cover current and
future asbestos claims and certain expense payments. In addition, we believe that Garlock may also
recover some additional insurance from insolvent carriers over time. Garlock collected
approximately 1.0 million, 0.1 million and 1.0 million, respectively, from insolvent carriers in
2009, 2008 and 2007. There can be no assurance that Garlock will collect any additional insurance
from insolvent carriers. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information about the quality of Garlock s insurance, arrangements for payments with certain
insurers, the resolution of past insurance disputes, and coverage exclusions for exposure after
July 1, 1984.

Our Liability Estimate . Prior to mid-2004, we maintained that our subsidiaries 
liability for unasserted claims was not reasonably estimable. We estimated and recorded
liabilities only for pending claims in advanced stages of processing, for which we believed we had
a basis for making a reasonable estimate. We disclosed the significance of the total potential
liability for unasserted claims in considerable detail. During 2004 we authorized counsel to
retain Bates White to assist in estimating our subsidiaries liability for pending and future
asbestos claims.

Bates White s first report, dated February 17, 2005, provided an estimate of the liability as
of December 31, 2004 for the following ten years, which represented a time horizon within which
Bates White believed such liability was both probable and estimable within a range of values.
Bates White has updated its estimate regularly since the end of 2004.

The estimated range of potential liabilities provided by Bates White at December 31, 2009 was
 480 million to 602 million. According to Bates White, increases in the range over time have been
attributable primarily to (1) the propensity to sue Garlock, (2) an increase in settlement values
of mesothelioma claims, (3) an increase in claims filings and values in some jurisdictions, most
notably California, and (4) the delay in, and uncertain impact of, the funding and implementation
of trusts formed under Section 524(g) of the United States Bankruptcy Code to pay asbestos claims
against numerous defendants in Chapter 11 reorganization cases. The 524(g) trusts are estimated by
some, including Bates White, to have more than 20 billion dollars available for the payment of
asbestos claims, with billions more scheduled to fund new trusts in cases currently nearing
confirmation. Trust payments could have a significant impact on our future settlement payments and
could therefore significantly affect our liability.

We have independently developed internal goals for asbestos-related liabilities. We have used
those goals for a variety of purposes, including guidance for settlement negotiations and trial
strategy, in our strategic planning, budgeting and cash flow planning processes, in setting targets
for annual and long-term incentive compensation, and in producing our own estimate of the current
and future liability. Our internal estimate has been and continues to be within the Bates White
range of equally likely estimates. As a result, Bates White and management believe that our
internal estimate for the next ten years represents the most likely point within the range.
Accordingly, our recorded liability is derived from our internal estimate.

We currently estimate that the liability of our subsidiaries for the indemnity cost of
resolving asbestos claims for the next ten years will be 485 million. The estimated liability of
 485 million is before any tax benefit and is not discounted to present value, and it does not
include fees and expenses, which are recorded as incurred. The recorded liability will continue to
be impacted by actual claims and

34 

Table of Contents 

settlement experience and any change in the legal environment that could cause a significant
increase or decrease in the long-term expectations of management and Bates White. We expect the
recorded liability to fluctuate, perhaps significantly. Any significant change in the estimated
liability could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position and results of
operations.

We made a significant adjustment (discussed below) to our liability based on an adjustment to
our management estimate in the fourth quarter of 2009. We adjusted our estimate based on trends
and factors also reflected in an increase in the high and low ends of the Bates White liability
estimate. Our estimate continues to fall within the Bates White range, developed independently,
and we believe that our estimate is the best estimate within the Bates White range of reasonable
and probable estimates of Garlock s future obligation.

Bates White also indicated a broader range of potential estimates from 252 million to 698
million. We caution that points within that broader range remain possible outcomes. Also, while
we agree with Bates White that beyond two to four years for Garlock s economically-driven
non-malignant claims and beyond ten years for Garlock s cancer claims and medically-driven
non-malignant claims, there are reasonable scenarios in which the asbestos expenditure is de
minimus , we caution that the process of estimating future liabilities is highly uncertain.
Adjusting our liability to the best estimate within the range does not change that fact. In the
words of the Bates White report, the reliability of estimates of future probable expenditures of
Garlock for asbestos-related personal injury claims declines significantly for each year further
into the future. Scenarios continue to exist that could result in total future asbestos-related
expenditures for Garlock in excess of 1 billion.

As previously mentioned, the liability estimate does not include legal fees and expenses,
which add considerably to the costs each year. Over the last two years, these expenses have
averaged approximately 7 million per quarter. In addition to these legal fees and expenses, we
expect to continue to record charges to income in future quarters for:

Increases or decreases, if any, in management s estimate of Garlock s potential
liability, plus 

Increases, if any, that result from additional quarters added to maintain the
ten-year estimation period (increases of this type have averaged approximately 6
million per quarter for the last two years), plus 

Amounts, if any, of solvent insurance lost or commuted, offset by insolvent
recoveries and earnings from insurance settlement trusts. 

In 2009, we recorded a pre-tax charge of 135.5 million to reflect net cash outlays of 29.3
million for legal fees and expenses paid during the year and a 106.2 million non-cash charge. The
non-cash charge included (1) 25.5 million, primarily to add an estimate of the liability for 2019
to maintain a ten-year estimate and (2) 80.7 million resulting from an adjustment in the fourth
quarter of 2009 to management s estimate of the first nine years of the ten-year period.
Management s adjustment to its previous estimate was based on its review of mesothelioma claims
filings and trends with respect to parties named as defendants in claims, settlement and payment
trends, continued high activity in the court system, particularly in certain jurisdictions that
management believes present particularly high risks for asbestos defendants, and, most importantly,
the continuing difficulty caused by the lack of transparency in the distribution procedures of
large 524(g) trusts of former co-defendants that have emerged from bankruptcy proceedings.

The ten-year liability projections of management and Bates White have both included an
assumption that Garlock s liability in the tort system would decrease as 524(g) trusts begin paying
the

35 

Table of Contents 

liabilities of bankrupt former co-defendants that contributed to injuries of plaintiffs who sue
Garlock.
This assumption has been based on: (1) principles of joint and several liability that caused
the amount of payments to resolve asbestos claims against Garlock to increase beginning in 2000 to
2002, when the most prominent asbestos defendants sought bankruptcy protection and ceased paying
claims in the tort system; (2) the emergence, beginning in 2007 and continuing today, of numerous
wealthy 524(g) trusts, established by such bankrupt companies to pay asbestos claims caused by
their products, and (3) state law that protects defendants like Garlock from having to pay
plaintiffs damages to the extent paid by such trusts and other co-defendants. Payments from such
trusts accordingly should offset and reduce damages claims against Garlock.

While 524(g) trusts have begun making substantial payments to the claimants, Garlock has not
experienced a reduction in the damages being sought from Garlock. The distribution procedures of
the 524(g) trusts do not permit Garlock and other tort-system co-defendants from having any access
to claims made to the trusts or the accompanying evidence of exposure to the asbestos-containing
products addressed by such trusts.

To date, despite billions of dollars of 524(g) trust distributions, many plaintiffs continue
to seek damages from Garlock on the basis that no evidence exists permitting them to recover from
524(g) trusts. Garlock and Bates White are working on a variety of strategies to expose the
unfairness of trust distribution procedures and bring fairness to the trust payment system. Both
Bates White and management assume that Garlock will have some success in those endeavors over time,
and that assumption continues to be embedded in our and Bates White s liability estimates.

In 2008, we recorded a pre-tax charge of 52.1 million to reflect net cash outlays of 26.2
million for legal fees and expenses paid during the year and a 25.9 million non-cash charge. The
non-cash charge included 23.8 million, primarily to add an estimate of the liability for 2018 to
maintain a ten-year estimate and 2.1 million to reduce the remaining insurance estimated to be
available from remaining policies with various London market carriers.

In 2007, we recorded a pre-tax charge to income of 68.4 million to reflect net cash outlays
of 25.8 million for legal fees and expenses incurred during the year, and a 42.6 million non-cash
charge. The non-cash charge included 23.2 million related to the addition of periods and 19.4
million to adjust the liability based on revisions to management s estimate in the fourth quarter
of 2007. We made this adjustment based on our review of negotiations and payment trends and our
belief that it is more likely that, in the future, a higher percentage of settlement commitments
made in any year will also be paid in that same year.

See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our
liability estimate.

Quantitative Claims and Insurance Information . The liability recorded on our books as
of December 31, 2009 was 492.3 million (our ten-year estimate of the liability described above of
 485.0 million plus 7.3 million of accrued legal and other fees already incurred but not yet
paid). The liability included 85.4 million classified as a current liability and 406.9 million
classified as a noncurrent liability. The recorded amounts do not include legal fees and expenses
to be incurred in the future.

The table below quantitatively depicts the number of pending cases, asbestos-related cash
flows, the amount that we expect Garlock to recover from insurance related to this liability, and
an analysis of the liability.

36 

Table of Contents 

As of and for the 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Pending Cases (1)

New actions filed during period

4,400 

5,500 

5,200 

Open actions at period-end

97,400 

104,100 

105,700 

Cash Flow (dollars in millions) 

Payments (2)

(109.6) 

(109.7) 

(115.1) 

Insurance recoveries (3)

69.8 

72.7 

90.2 

Net cash flow

(39.8) 

(37.0) 

(24.9) 

Solvent Insurance and Trust Assets (dollars in millions) 

Insurance receivable for previously paid claims (4)

183.3 

228.7 

252.0 

Insurance available for pending and future claims

55.3 

78.7 

129.5 

Remaining solvent insurance and trust assets

238.6 

307.4 

381.5 

Liability Analysis (dollars in millions) 

Liability for pending and future claims (5)(6)

492.3 

465.5 

524.4 

Insurance available for pending and future claims

55.3 

78.7 

129.5 

Liability in excess of insurance coverage (6)

437.0 

386.8 

394.9 

Insurance receivable for previously paid claims

183.3 

228.7 

252.0 

Liability in excess of anticipated insurance collections (6)

253.7 

158.1 

142.9 

(1) 
 
 Includes actions actually filed with a court of competent jurisdiction. Each action in
which both Garlock and one or more other of our subsidiaries is named as a defendant is shown
as a single action. Multiple actions filed on behalf of the same plaintiff in multiple
jurisdictions are also counted as one action. Claims not filed as actions in court but that
are submitted and paid as part of previous settlements (approximately 1,400 in 2009, 800 in
2008 and 900 in 2007) are not included. 

(2) 
 
 Includes all payments for judgments, settlements, fees and expenses made in the period. 

(3) 
 
 Includes all recoveries from insurance received in the period. 

(4) 
 
 Includes previous payments for which Garlock is entitled to receive corresponding insurance
recoveries but has not received payment, in large part due to annual limits imposed under
insurance arrangements. 

(5) 
 
 The liability represents management s best estimate of the future payments for the following
ten-year period. Amounts shown include 7.3 million, 6.8 million and 5.4 million at
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, of accrued fees and expenses for services
previously rendered but unpaid. 

(6) 
 
 Does not include fees and expenses to be incurred in the future, which are recorded as a
charge to income when incurred. 

Strategy and Outlook . Garlock s asbestos claims management strategy is to focus on
trial-listed cases, pursue training initiatives and research projects to improve its defense at
trial, aggressively negotiate reduced settlement commitments and payments each year, carefully
manage and maximize collections from a declining pool of available insurance coverage, and
proactively support efforts to achieve meaningful asbestos reform.

37 

Table of Contents 

Beginning in 2000, when the largest asbestos defendants filed bankruptcy cases to resolve
their asbestos liabilities and thereby withdrew from the civil court system, plaintiffs pursued
Garlock and other surviving peripheral defendants in civil court actions to recover the full
amounts of their alleged damages under state law principles of joint and several liability. The
plaintiffs could no longer pursue actions against these large defendants during the pendency of
their bankruptcy proceedings, even though these defendants had historically been determined to be
the largest contributors to asbestos-related injuries. As a result, the amount generally required
to resolve each claim against Garlock increased.

Almost all of the high-profile defendants that sought bankruptcy relief in the early 2000s
have now emerged, or are positioning to emerge, from bankruptcy. Their asbestos liabilities have
been assumed by wealthy trusts created in the bankruptcies with assets contributed by the emerging
former defendants and their affiliates. With the emergence of these companies from bankruptcy,
plaintiffs may seek to recover damages from the trusts. Legal principles of contribution and
fundamental fairness should dictate that there be a consequent reduction in recoveries against
other defendants, including Garlock, who remain subject to the civil court system. The bankruptcy
trusts, however, operate pursuant to trust distribution procedures that do not permit Garlock and
other tort-system co-defendants to gain access to claims against trusts and accompanying evidence
of exposure to asbestos-containing products addressed by such trusts. Garlock s current efforts to
achieve meaningful asbestos reform are focused on changing the trust distribution procedures to
ensure full and transparent disclosure of evidence of the identities of recipients and amounts of
payments from the trusts, and to facilitate credit for those payments in state civil court
proceedings. We believe Garlock s efforts and similar efforts underway by other defendants and
experts should result over time in a reduction of the value of damages claims against Garlock to
account for trust recoveries and thereby reduce Garlock s payments necessary to resolve asbestos
claims. We and Garlock are reviewing Garlock s strategy with respect to the resolution of
Garlock s asbestos claims in light of changing trends and developments, including recent
developments in pending bankruptcy proceedings of former co-defendants.

We do not believe reductions resulting from trust payments over the next several years will
offset the significant decline in insurance collections available to Garlock in such years. We
therefore estimate that, while total payments to defend and resolve Garlock s asbestos claims
should continue to decline each year, the cash outflows, net of insurance, will increase, perhaps
significantly, beginning in 2011.

We believe that the continued risks inherent in the tort system may also impact Garlock s
future cash outflows. Despite Garlock s successful recent track record at trial, the risk (largely
due to the exit from the civil court system of the high-profile defendants that sought bankruptcy
relief in the early 2000s) of large adverse verdicts in certain jurisdictions that have
historically favored claims by asbestos plaintiffs continues to impact Garlock s ability to
negotiate reduced payments. Thus, there can be no assurance that Garlock will be able to achieve
significant payment reductions in the civil court system, particularly if claimants continue to
have the ability to pursue claims in those plaintiff-oriented jurisdictions, target selected
defendants, and obscure evidence of their exposures to the products of former co-defendants who
have emerged from bankruptcy proceedings.

We believe that, as predicted in various epidemiological studies that are publicly available,
the incidence of asbestos-related disease is in decline and should continue to decline steadily
over the next decade and thereafter. As a result, claims activity against Garlock should
eventually decline to a level that can be paid from the cash flow from Garlock s operations, even
after Garlock exhausts available insurance coverage. However, there can be no assurance that
epidemiological predictions about incidence of asbestos-related disease will prove to be accurate,
or that, even if they are, there will be a commensurate decline in the number of asbestos-related
claims filings against Garlock. In fact, after a significant decline in new mesothelioma filings
in 2006, the number of mesothelioma claims filed against Garlock have increased in each of the last
three years.

38 

Table of Contents 

Considering the foregoing, as well as the experience of our subsidiaries and other defendants
in asbestos litigation, the likely sharing of judgments among multiple responsible defendants,
bankruptcies of other defendants, and reform efforts, and given the amount of insurance coverage
available to our subsidiaries from solvent insurance carriers, we believe that pending asbestos
actions are not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but could be
material to our results of operations or cash flows in any given future period. We anticipate that
asbestos claims will continue to be filed against Garlock. Because of (1) the uncertainty as to
the number and timing of such potential future claims and the amount that will have to be paid to
litigate, settle or satisfy claims, and (2) the finite amount of insurance available for future
payments, future asbestos claims against Garlock could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result, there can be no assurance
that Garlock s asbestos liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Lease Agreements 

We have a number of operating leases primarily for real estate, equipment and vehicles.
Operating lease arrangements are generally utilized to secure the use of assets from time to time
if the terms and conditions of the lease or the nature of the asset makes the lease arrangement
more favorable than a purchase. As of December 31, 2009, approximately 57.2 million of future
minimum lease payments were outstanding under these agreements. See Note 17, Commitments and
Contingencies Other Commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
disclosure.

Debt and Capital Lease Guarantees 

At December 31, 2009, we had outstanding contingent liabilities for guaranteed debt and lease
payments of 0.6 million arising from the divestiture of Crucible.

Contractual Obligations 

A summary of our contractual obligations and commitments at December 31, 2009 is as follows:

Payments Due by Period (in millions) 

Less than 

More than 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 Total 

1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

5 Years 

Long-term debt

172.9 

0.1 

0.2 

0.1 

172.5 

Interest on long-term debt

39.9 

6.8 

13.6 

13.6 

5.9 

Operating leases

57.2 

11.3 

19.1 

14.4 

12.4 

Other long-term
liabilities

32.8 

3.5 

4.4 

3.8 

21.1 

Total

302.8 

21.7 

37.3 

31.9 

211.9 

Payment for long-term debt may be accelerated under certain circumstances because the
convertible debentures due in 2015 may be converted earlier, requiring payment of the principal
amount thereof in cash. The payments for long-term debt shown in the table above reflect the
contractual principal amount for the convertible debentures. In our Consolidated Balance Sheet,
this amount is shown net of a debt discount pursuant to the applicable accounting rules.
Additional discussion regarding the convertible debentures is included in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Liquidity and Capital
Resources Capital Resources, and in

39 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The interest on long-term debt represents
the contractual interest coupon. It does not include the debt discount accretion that will also be
a component of interest expense.

Payments for other long-term liabilities are estimates of amounts that will be paid for
environmental and retained liabilities of previously owned businesses included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009. These estimated payments are based on information currently
known to us. However, it is possible that these estimates will vary from actual results if new
information becomes available in the future or if there are changes in the facts and circumstances
related to these liabilities. Additional discussion regarding these liabilities is included
earlier in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations in Contingencies Environmental, Contingencies Colt Firearms and Central Moloney, 
 Contingencies Crucible Materials Corporation, and in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

At December 31, 2009, we had a 7.2 million reserve for unrecognized tax benefits which is not
reflected in the table above. Substantially all of this tax reserve is classified in other
long-term liabilities and deferred income taxes in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The table also
does not include obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans, which are included
in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are exposed to certain market risks as part of our ongoing business operations, including
risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates that could impact our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We manage our exposure to these and
other market risks through normal operating and financing activities and through the use of
derivative financial instruments. We intend to use derivative financial instruments as risk
management tools and not for speculative investment purposes.

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our outstanding debt obligations. The
table below provides information about our debt obligations as of December 31, 2009. The table
represents principal cash flows (in millions) and related weighted average interest rates by
expected (contractual) maturity dates.

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

Thereafter 

Total 

Fair Value 

Fixed rate debt

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

172.5 

172.9 

175.9 

Average interest rate

6.5 

6.5 

6.5 

6.5 

3.9 

3.9 

Foreign Currency Risk 

We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These
risks include the translation of local currency balances on our foreign subsidiaries balance
sheets, intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in foreign
currencies. Our objective is to control our exposure to these risks through our normal operating
activities and, where appropriate, through foreign currency forward or option contracts. The
following table provides
information about our outstanding foreign currency forward and option contracts as of December
31, 2009.

40 

Table of Contents 

Notional Amount 

Outstanding in 

Millions of U.S. 

Transaction Type 
 
 Dollars (USD) 

Maturity Dates 
 
 Exchange Rate Ranges 

Forward Contracts 

Sell British pound/buy euro

29.8 

Jan 2010 
 
 0.887 pound/euro 

Buy euro/sell US dollar

24.8 

Jan 2010 Dec 2010 
 
 1.361 to 1.506 USD/euro 

Buy US dollar/sell euro

15.6 

Jan 2010 Dec 2010 
 
 1.456 to 1.503 USD/euro 

Sell British pound/buy
Australian dollar

14.2 

Jan 2010 
 
 1.823 Australian dollar/British pound 

Sell US dollar/buy Canadian Dollar

6.2 

Jan 2010 Dec 2010 
 
 1.044 to 1.045 Canadian dollar/USD 

Buy US dollar/sell Australian Dollar

3.8 

Jan 2010 Dec 2010 
 
 0.882 to 0.920 USD/Australian dollar 

Buy British pound/sell euro

2.7 

Jan 2010 Dec 2010 
 
 0.901 to 0.903 pound/euro 

Sell US dollar/buy peso

2.6 

Jan 2010 Dec 2010 
 
 12.835 to 13.420 peso/US dollar 

99.7 

Option Contracts 

Buy euro/sell US dollar

6.3 

Dec 2010 
 
 1.336 USD/euro 

106.0 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

53 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007

55 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007

56 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008

58 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007

59 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

60 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007

102 

41 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under
the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures. The purpose of our disclosure controls and procedures is to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
including this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow
timely decisions regarding disclosure.

Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls
will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are
met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by
management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is

42 

Table of Contents 

based in part on
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
deterioration in the degree of compliance with polices or procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected.

Based on the controls evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to reasonably ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified, and that management will be
timely alerted to material information required to be included in our periodic reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting has occurred during
the quarter ended December 31, 2009 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation.

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief
executive officer and our chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report. In making this
assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, we
have concluded that, as of December 31, 2009, our internal control over financial reporting was
effective based on those criteria.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009,
has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
as stated in their report which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

On March 1, 2010, we completed the previously announced sale of our Quincy Compressor business
unit, other than the equity interests in Kunshan Q-Tech Air Systems Technologies Ltd., our
operation in China Q-Tech ), pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated as of December 18, 2009 (the
 Purchase Agreement with Fulcrum Acquisition LLC and Atlas Copco (China) Investment Company Ltd.,
subsidiaries of Atlas Copco AB (the Buyers ). Completion of the sale to the Buyers of 100 of the
equity interests in Q-Tech is pending receipt of necessary regulatory authorizations in China. The
aggregate base purchase price for the assets sold on March 1, 2010 was approximately 184.2 million
in cash and the assumption of certain liabilities of the Quincy Compressor business unit, and an
additional

43 

Table of Contents 

approximately 5.8 million is payable in cash upon the closing of the sale of Q-Tech (or
at December 18,
2010 if the sale of Q-Tech is not completed by that date). In each case, the purchase price is
subject to adjustment based on the closing date amount of specified assets transferred and
liabilities assumed as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement we retained, and have agreed to indemnify the Buyers from, certain liabilities, including
liabilities related to asbestos claims and specified environmental liabilities, union pension and
existing retiree benefit liabilities, and governmental actions and specified legal proceedings.

The Purchase Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on December 21, 2009 and is incorporated by reference herein. In reviewing the
Purchase Agreement, please remember that it is included to provide information regarding its terms
and is not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the parties
thereto. The Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties, which have been made
solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement and should not in all instances be
treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the
parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate. Moreover, the representations and warranties
as stated in the Purchase Agreement do not reflect exceptions thereto as may be set forth in
separate disclosure schedules exchanged by the parties in connection with the Purchase Agreement.
The representations and warranties were made only as of the date of the Purchase Agreement or such
other date or dates as may be specified in the Purchase Agreement and are subject to more recent
developments. Accordingly, the representations and warranties as set forth in the Purchase
Agreement alone may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at
any other time.

As indicated in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we have reported,
for all periods presented, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of our
Quincy Compressor business unit, including Q-Tech, as a discontinued operation in the consolidated
financial statements included in this report.

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information concerning our directors and officers appearing under the captions Election of
Directors, Legal Proceedings, Corporate Governance Policies and Practices, and information
under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual
meeting of shareholders is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct that applies to all of our directors,
officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer. The Code is available on our Internet site at
www.enproindustries.com. We intend to disclose on our Internet site any substantive changes to the
Code and any waivers granted under the Code to the specified officers.

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

A description of the compensation of our executive officers is set forth under the caption
 Executive Compensation in our definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual meeting of
shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

44 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

Security ownership data appearing under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management in our definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual meeting of
shareholders is incorporated herein by reference.

The table below contains information as of December 31, 2009, with respect to our Amended and
Restated 2002 Equity Compensation Plan, the only compensation plan or arrangement (other than our
tax-qualified plans) under which we have options, warrants or rights to receive equity securities
authorized for issuance.

Number of Securities 

Remaining Available 

for Future Issuance 

Number of Securities 

Under 

to be Issued Upon 

Weighted-Average 

Equity Compensation 

Exercise of Outstanding 

Exercise Price of 

Plans (Excluding 

Options, Warrants 

Outstanding Options, 

Securities Reflected in 

and Rights 

Warrants and Rights 

Column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans
approved by security holders

1,170,382 
 (1) 

11.70 
 (2) 

1,250,835 

Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders

Total

1,170,382 
 (1) 

11.70 
 (2) 

1,250,835 

(1) 
 
 Includes shares issuable under restricted share unit awards and performance shares awarded
under our Amended and Restated 2002 Equity Compensation Plan at the level paid for the 2007 
2009 performance cycle and the maximum levels payable for subsequent performance cycles. 

(2) 
 
 The weighted average exercise price does not take into account awards of performance shares, phantom shares or restricted share
units. Information with respect to these awards is incorporated by reference to the
information appearing under the captions Corporate Governance Policies and Practices 
Director Compensation and Executive Compensation Grants of Plan Based Awards LTIP
Awards in our definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual meeting of shareholders. 

Information concerning the inducement awards granted in 2008 to our Chief Executive Officer
outside of our Amended and Restated 2002 Equity Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to
the information appearing under the caption Executive Compensation Employment Agreement in our
definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual meeting of shareholders.

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information concerning the independence of our directors is set forth under the caption
 Corporate Governance Policies and Practices Director Independence in our definitive proxy
statement for the 2010 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

45 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information appearing under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our
definitive proxy statement for the 2010 annual meeting of shareholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements 

The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed in Part II, Item 8 of this
report on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements.

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II Valuation
and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008
and 2007 appears on page 102.

Other schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required
or because the required information is provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes
thereto.

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

The exhibits to this report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index appearing on pages 48
to 52.

46 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the
City of Charlotte, North Carolina on this 3 rd day of March, 2010.

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

Date: March 3, 2010 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard L. Magee

Richard L. Magee 

Senior Vice President, 
General Counsel and Secretary 

By: 
 /s/ William Dries

William Dries 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons, or in their behalf by their duly appointed attorney-in-fact,
on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Stephen E. Macadam

Stephen E. Macadam 

President and
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer) and Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ William R. Holland

William R. Holland 

Chairman of the Board and Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ J. P. Bolduc

J. P. Bolduc 

Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ Peter C. Browning

Peter C. Browning 

Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ Diane C. Creel

Diane C. Creel 

Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ Don DeFossett

Don DeFossett 

Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ Gordon D. Harnett

Gordon D. Harnett 

Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ David L. Hauser

David L. Hauser 

Director

March 3, 2010 

/s/ Wilbur J. Prezzano,
Jr.

Wilbur J. Prezzano, Jr. 

Director

March 3, 2010 

By: 
 /s/ Richard L. Magee

Richard L. Magee, Attorney-in-Fact 

47 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

2.1

Purchase Agreement dated as of December 18, 2009 among EnPro Industries, Inc., Coltec
Industries Inc, Fulcrum Acquisition LLC and Atlas Copco (China) Investment Company Ltd.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of EnPro Industries, Inc. on
December 21, 2009 (File No. 001-31225)) 

3.1

Restated Articles of Incorporation of EnPro Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2008 filed by EnPro Industries,
Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

3.2

Amended Bylaws of EnPro Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
Form 8-K dated December 12, 2007 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

4.1

Form of certificate representing shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of EnPro
Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 4 of the Registration Statement
on Form 10 of EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

4.2

Rights Agreement between EnPro Industries, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as rights agent
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by
EnPro Industries, Inc., the EnPro Industries, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan for Hourly Workers
and the EnPro Industries, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan for Salaried Workers (File No.
333-89576)) 

4.5

Indenture dated as of October 26, 2005 between EnPro Industries, Inc. and Wachovia Bank,
National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K
dated October 26, 2005 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.1

Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 3 of the Registration Statement on Form 10 of EnPro Industries,
Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.2 

EnPro Industries, Inc. 2002 Equity Compensation Plan (2009 Amendment and Restatement)
(incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March
24, 2009 by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.3 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Senior Executive Annual Performance Plan (incorporated by reference
to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated March 22, 2007 filed by EnPro
Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.4 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to
the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated March 22, 2007 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File
No. 001-31225)) 

10.5 

Form of EnPro Industries, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Grant (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 filed by EnPro
Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.6 

Form of EnPro Industries, Inc. Phantom Share Award Grant for Outside Directors (2005
Amendment and Restatement) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2007 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

48 

Table of Contents 

10.7 

Form of EnPro Industries, Inc. Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K dated February 14, 2008 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File
No. 001-31225)) 

10.8 

Form of EnPro Industries, Inc. Restricted Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K dated April 29, 2009 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc.
(File No. 001-31225)) 

10.9 

Form of EnPro Industries, Inc. Restricted Share Units Award Agreement. 

10.10 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Defined Benefit Restoration Plan (amended and restated effective as
of January 1, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2006 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.11 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective October
27, 2009) 

10.12 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (as amended and
restated effective February 12, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form
10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2008 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.13 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Outside Directors Phantom Share Plan (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries,
Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.14

Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 26, 2006 by and among Coltec
Industries Inc, Coltec Industrial Products LLC, Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC, GGB LLC,
Corrosion Control Corporation and Stemco LP, as Borrowers; EnPro Industries, Inc., as Parent;
QFM Sales and Services, Inc., Coltec International Services Co, Garrison Litigation Management
Group, Ltd., GGB, Inc., Garlock International Inc, Stemco Delaware LP, Stemco Holdings, Inc.,
Stemco Holdings Delaware, Inc. and Garlock Overseas Corporation, as Subsidiary Guarantors; the
various financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as Lenders; Bank of
America, N.A., as Agent and Issuing Bank; and Banc of America Securities LLC, as Sole Lead
Arranger and Sole Book Manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K
dated April 26, 2006 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.15 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of April 14, 2008 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and Stephen E. Macadam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2008 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.16 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of August 1, 2002 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and William Dries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.17 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of August 1, 2002 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and Richard L. Magee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.18 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of August 1, 2002 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and Robert D. Rehley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

49 

Table of Contents 

10.19 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of January 30, 2006 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and J. Milton Childress II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2005 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.20 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of February 11, 2009 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and Orville G. Lunking (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2008 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.21 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of August 25, 2008 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and Dale A. Herold 

10.22 

Management Continuity Agreement dated as of October 27, 2009 between EnPro Industries, Inc.
and Kenneth Walker 

10.23 

Death Benefits Agreement dated as of December 12, 2002 between EnPro Industries, Inc. and
William Dries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.24 

Death Benefits Agreement dated as of December 12, 2002 between EnPro Industries, Inc. and
Richard L. Magee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.25 

Supplemental Retirement and Death Benefits Agreement dated as of November 8, 2005 between
EnPro Industries, Inc. and William Dries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No.
001-31225)) 

10.26 

Amendment to Supplemental Retirement and Death Benefits Agreement dated as of December 11,
2009 between EnPro Industries, Inc. and William Dries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Form 8-K dated December 15, 2009 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No.
001-31225)) 

10.27 

Supplemental Retirement and Death Benefits Agreement dated as of November 8, 2005 between
EnPro Industries, Inc. and Richard L. Magee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No.
001-31225)) 

10.28 

Amendment to Supplemental Retirement and Death Benefits Agreement dated as of December 11,
2009 between EnPro Industries, Inc. and Richard L. Magee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.2 to the Form 8-K dated December 15, 2009 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No.
001-31225)) 

10.29 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Senior Officer Severance Plan (effective as of January 1, 2008)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2007 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.30

Variable Term Accelerated Share Repurchase Transaction dated March 3, 2008 between EnPro
Industries, Inc. and Credit Suisse International (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
the Form 8-K dated March 3, 2008 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.31

Settlement Agreement dated as of April 11, 2008 among EnPro Industries, Inc. and Steel
Partners II, L.P., Steel Partners II GP LLC, Steel Partners II Master Fund L.P., Steel
Partners LLC, Warren G. Lichtenstein, James R. Henderson, John J. Quicke, Kevin C. King, Don
DeFosset and 

50 

Table of Contents 

Delyle Bloomquist (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K dated April 11,
2008 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

10.32 

Summary of Executive and Director Compensation Arrangements 

10.33

Letter agreement dated December 16, 2008 by and among Coltec Industries Inc, Coltec
Industrial Products LLC, Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC, GGB LLC, Corrosion Control
Corporation, Stemco LP and V.W. Kaiser Engineering, Incorporated, as Borrowers; EnPro
Industries, Inc., QFM Sales and Services, Inc., Coltec International Services Co., Garrison
Litigation Management Group, Ltd., GGB, Inc., Garlock International Inc., Garlock Overseas
Corporation, Stemco Holdings, Inc., Compressor Products Holdings, Inc. and Compressor Services
Holdings, Inc., as Guarantors; the various financial institutions listed on the signature
pages thereof, as Lenders; and Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as a Lender and as
collateral and administrative agent for Lenders, which letter agreement includes amendments to
the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated April 26, 2006 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 filed by
EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No. 001-31225)) 

14

EnPro Industries, Inc. Code of Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to
the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 filed by EnPro Industries, Inc. (File No.
001-31225)) 

21 

List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

23.2 

Consent of Bates White, LLC 

24.1 

Power of Attorney from J. P. Bolduc 

24.2 

Power of Attorney from Peter C. Browning 

24.3 

Power of Attorney from Diane C. Creel 

24.4 

Power of Attorney from Gordon D. Harnett 

24.5 

Power of Attorney from David L. Hauser 

24.6 

Power of Attorney from William R. Holland 

24.7 

Power of Attorney from Wilbur J. Prezzano, Jr. 

24.8 

Power of Attorney from Don DeFosset 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) 

51 

Table of Contents 

32 

Certification pursuant to Section 1350 

Items marked with an asterisk are filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed under Item 15(c) of this report
and Item 601 of Regulation S-K of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

52 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of EnPro Industries, Inc.:

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of EnPro Industries, Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2009 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our
opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with
the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s management is responsible
for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial
statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company s internal control over
financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for its
convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash on
conversion effective January 1, 2009.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

53 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina 
March 3, 2010

54 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
(in millions, except per share data) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

As Adjusted 

As Adjusted 

(Note 1) 

(Note 1) 

Net sales

803.0 

993.8 

873.8 

Cost of sales

523.8 

635.4 

560.2 

Gross profit

279.2 

358.4 

313.6 

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative expenses

224.3 

241.6 

209.1 

Asbestos-related expenses

135.5 

52.1 

68.4 

Goodwill impairment charge

113.1 

Other operating expense (income), net

10.5 

(0.3) 

6.0 

483.4 

293.4 

283.5 

Operating income (loss)

(204.2) 

65.0 

30.1 

Interest expense

(12.3) 

(12.7) 

(12.5) 

Interest income

0.9 

2.7 

8.3 

Other income (expense), net

17.4 

(5.4) 

0.6 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before
income taxes

(198.2) 

49.6 

26.5 

Income tax benefit (expense)

54.6 

(16.8) 

(9.3) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations

(143.6) 

32.8 

17.2 

Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes

4.3 

17.8 

17.9 

Income (loss) before extraordinary item

(139.3) 

50.6 

35.1 

Extraordinary item, net of taxes

2.5 

Net income (loss)

(139.3) 

50.6 

37.6 

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

(7.19) 

1.62 

0.81 

Discontinued operations

0.22 

0.88 

0.84 

Extraordinary item

0.12 

Net income (loss) per share

(6.97) 

2.50 

1.77 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

(7.19) 

1.56 

0.77 

Discontinued operations

0.22 

0.84 

0.80 

Extraordinary item

0.11 

Net income (loss) per share

(6.97) 

2.40 

1.68 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

55 

Table of Contents 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
(in millions) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

As Adjusted 

As Adjusted 

(Note 1) 

(Note 1) 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

Net income (loss)

(139.3) 

50.6 

37.6 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
provided by operating activities of continuing operations:

Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes

(4.3) 

(17.8) 

(17.9) 

Depreciation

27.0 

26.7 

25.2 

Amortization

13.3 

13.4 

10.8 

Accretion of debt discount

5.2 

4.7 

4.4 

Goodwill impairment

113.1 

Deferred income taxes

(67.7) 

(0.2) 

(9.8) 

Stock-based compensation

1.8 

3.9 

3.6 

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation

(0.8) 

(3.8) 

Loss (gain) on sale of assets, net

0.3 

(2.4) 

Extraordinary gain, net of taxes

(2.5) 

Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects of
acquisitions of businesses:

Asbestos liabilities, net of insurance receivables

95.6 

15.2 

43.0 

Accounts and notes receivable

29.5 

10.4 

(8.9) 

Inventories

(8.4) 

(11.2) 

16.1 

Accounts payable

(0.2) 

(14.5) 

10.3 

Other current assets and liabilities

(3.5) 

(4.8) 

(6.5) 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities

(3.4) 

4.3 

(20.3) 

Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing
operations

59.0 

77.5 

81.3 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

(22.1) 

(44.8) 

(43.1) 

Proceeds from sales of assets

0.3 

4.2 

0.3 

Proceeds from liquidation of investments

7.4 

10.5 

Reclassification of investments from cash equivalents

(19.5) 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

(51.1) 

(33.0) 

(77.0) 

Other

(0.8) 

4.6 

0.7 

Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations

(66.3) 

(58.5) 

(138.6) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

Repayments of debt

(9.9) 

(3.7) 

(2.1) 

Common stock repurchases

(69.2) 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

0.4 

0.4 

1.0 

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation

0.8 

3.8 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities of
continuing operations

(9.5) 

(71.7) 

2.7 

CASH FLOWS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Operating cash flows

18.1 

20.7 

23.5 

Investing cash flows

(2.7) 

(14.7) 

(3.7) 

Financing cash flows

(0.4) 

Net cash provided by discontinued operations

15.4 

5.6 

19.8 

56 

Table of Contents 

2009 

2008 

2007 

As Adjusted 

As Adjusted 

(Note 1) 

(Note 1) 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
equivalents

1.9 

(5.8) 

3.0 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

0.5 

(52.9) 

(31.8) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

76.3 

129.2 

161.0 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

76.8 

76.3 

129.2 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest

7.4 

8.0 

8.1 

Income taxes

13.2 

37.0 

21.7 

Asbestos-related claims and expenses, net of
insurance recoveries

39.8 

37.0 

24.9 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

57 

Table of Contents 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
As of December 31, 2009 and 2008 
(in millions, except share amounts) 

2009 

2008 

As Adjusted 

(Note 1) 

ASSETS 

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

76.8 

76.3 

Accounts and notes receivable, less allowance
for doubtful accounts of 4.2 in 2009 and 4.6
in 2008

112.7 

132.9 

Asbestos insurance receivable

67.2 

67.9 

Inventories

86.1 

72.5 

Deferred income taxes and income tax receivable

37.3 

20.4 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

14.9 

18.8 

Current assets of discontinued operations

57.5 

38.8 

Total current assets

452.5 

427.6 

Property, plant and equipment

185.4 

185.7 

Goodwill

125.7 

211.7 

Other intangible assets

116.0 

98.5 

Asbestos insurance receivable

171.4 

239.5 

Deferred income taxes and income tax receivable

119.9 

76.8 

Other assets

50.3 

59.6 

Long-term assets of discontinued operations

34.4 

Total assets

1,221.2 

1,333.8 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities

Current maturities of long-term debt

0.1 

9.6 

Accounts payable

56.5 

53.2 

Asbestos liability

85.4 

85.3 

Other accrued expenses

71.7 

79.0 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations

16.2 

20.6 

Total current liabilities

229.9 

247.7 

Long-term debt

130.3 

124.9 

Asbestos liability

406.9 

380.2 

Pension liability

84.8 

80.3 

Other liabilities

57.7 

74.3 

Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations

0.3 

Total liabilities

909.6 

907.7 

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders equity

Common stock .01 par value; 100,000,000
shares authorized; issued 20,365,596 shares at
December 31, 2009 and 20,031,709 shares at
December 31, 2008

0.2 

0.2 

Additional paid-in capital

402.7 

400.2 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)

(94.7) 

44.6 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

4.8 

(17.4) 

Common stock held in treasury, at cost 
211,860 shares at December 31, 2009 and
217,790 shares at December 31, 2008

(1.4) 

(1.5) 

Total shareholders equity

311.6 

426.1 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

1,221.2 

1,333.8 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

58 

Table of Contents 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
(dollars and shares in millions) 

Retained 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Earnings 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

(Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Treasury 

Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit) 

Income (Loss) 

Stock 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2006

21.0 

0.2 

456.1 

(43.7) 

27.3 

(1.5) 

438.4 

Net income

37.6 

37.6 

Other comprehensive income:

Cumulative translation
adjustment

25.3 

25.3 

Pension and other
postretirement benefit
plans

(2.7) 

(2.7) 

Total comprehensive income

60.2 

Adjustment to initially
apply FIN 48

0.1 

0.1 

Exercise of stock options
and other incentive plan
activity

0.4 

8.3 

8.3 

Balance, December 31, 2007

21.4 

0.2 

464.4 

(6.0) 

49.9 

(1.5) 

507.0 

Net income

50.6 

50.6 

Other comprehensive income:

Cumulative translation
adjustment

(31.6) 

(31.6) 

Pension and other
postretirement benefit
plans

(35.6) 

(35.6) 

Loss on cash flow hedges

(0.1) 

(0.1) 

Total comprehensive loss

(16.7) 

Common stock repurchases

(1.9) 

(69.2) 

(69.2) 

Exercise of stock options
and other incentive plan
activity

0.3 

5.0 

5.0 

Balance, December 31, 2008

19.8 

0.2 

400.2 

44.6 

(17.4) 

(1.5) 

426.1 

Net loss

(139.3) 

(139.3) 

Other comprehensive income:

Cumulative translation
adjustment

15.6 

15.6 

Pension and other
postretirement benefit
plans

6.6 

6.6 

Total comprehensive loss

(117.1) 

Exercise of stock options
and other incentive plan
activity

0.4 

2.5 

0.1 

2.6 

Balance, December 31, 2009

20.2 

0.2 

402.7 

(94.7) 

4.8 

(1.4) 

311.6 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

59 

Table of Contents 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Overview and Significant Accounting Policies 

Overview 

EnPro Industries, Inc. EnPro or the Company is a leader in the design, development,
manufacturing and marketing of well recognized, proprietary engineered industrial products that
include sealing products, self-lubricating, non-rolling bearing products and heavy-duty,
medium-speed diesel, natural gas and dual fuel reciprocating engines.

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles of Consolidation The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the accounts of
the Company and its majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition Revenue is recognized at the time title and risk of product ownership
is transferred or when services are rendered. Any shipping costs billed to customers are
recognized as revenue and expensed in cost of goods sold.

Foreign Currency Translation The financial statements of those operations whose functional
currency is a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars using the current rate method.
Under this method, all assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using current
exchange rates, and income statement activities are translated using average exchange rates. The
foreign currency translation adjustment is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Shareholders Equity and is included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are included in
operating income. Foreign currency transaction losses totaled 0.9 million, 4.0 million and 0.3
million for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

Research and Development Expense Costs related to research and development activities are
expensed as incurred. The Company performs research and development under Company-funded programs
for commercial products. Total research and development expenditures in 2009, 2008 and 2007 were
 12.1 million, 12.9 million and 11.4 million, respectively, and are included in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income
taxes. Temporary differences arising from the difference between the tax basis of an asset or
liability and its carrying amount on the Consolidated Balance Sheet are used to calculate future
income tax assets or liabilities. This method also requires the recognition of deferred tax
benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits
is more likely than not. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income (losses) in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred

60 

Table of Contents 

tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date.

Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits
and highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase. The
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2007, reflects the
reclassification of 19.5 million of unrestricted cash balances to other current and long-term
assets based on changes in expected maturity dates of the underlying investments. This amount,
less losses due to subsequent net declines in value, has since been liquidated.

Receivables Accounts receivable are stated at the historical carrying amount net of
write-offs and allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful
accounts receivable based on historical experience and any specific customer collection issues that
the Company has identified. Doubtful accounts receivable are written off when a settlement is
reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when the Company has
determined the balance will not be collected.

The balances billed but not paid by customers pursuant to retainage provisions in long-term
contracts and programs are due upon completion of the contracts and acceptance by the owner. At
December 31, 2009, the Company had 2.5 million of retentions expected to be collected in 2010
recorded in accounts and notes receivable and 5.6 million of retentions expected to be collected
beyond 2010 recorded in other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31,
2008, the Company had 3.1 million of current retentions and 3.2 million of long-term retentions
recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Inventories Certain domestic inventories are valued by the last-in, first-out LIFO cost
method. Inventories not valued by the LIFO method, other than inventoried costs relating to
long-term contracts and programs, are valued using the first-in, first-out FIFO cost method,
and are recorded at the lower of cost or market. Approximately 38 and 35 of inventories were
valued by the LIFO method in 2009 and 2008, respectively.

Inventoried costs relating to long-term contracts and programs are stated at the actual
production cost, including factory overhead, incurred to date. Progress payments related to
long-term contracts and programs are shown as a reduction of inventories. Initial program start-up
costs and other nonrecurring costs are expensed as incurred. Inventoried costs relating to
long-term contracts and programs are reduced by any amounts in excess of estimated realizable
value.

Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Major
renewals and betterments are capitalized; whereas, maintenance and repairs are expensed as
incurred. Depreciation of plant and equipment is determined on the straight-line method over the
following estimated useful lives of the assets: buildings and improvements, 3 to 40 years;
machinery and equipment, 3 to 20 years.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price
over the fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses. Goodwill is not amortized, but
instead is subject to annual impairment testing conducted each year as of October 1. The goodwill
asset impairment test involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount.
If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a second step of comparing the
implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill to the carrying amount of that goodwill is
required to measure the potential goodwill impairment loss. Interim tests may be required if an
event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a
reporting unit below its carrying amount.

61 

Table of Contents 

To estimate the fair value of its reporting units, the Company uses both discounted cash flow
and market valuation approaches. The discounted cash flow approach uses cash flow projections to
calculate the fair value of each reporting unit; the market approach relies on market multiples of
similar companies. The key assumptions used for the discounted cash flow approach include business
projections, growth rates, and discount rates. The discount rate the Company uses is based on its
weighted average cost of capital. For the market approach, the Company chooses a group of 26
companies that it believes are representative of its diversified industrial peers.

The Company completed its required annual impairment tests of goodwill as of October 1, 2008
and 2007. The results of these assessments did not indicate any impairment of the goodwill.

Due to the sudden deterioration in the global economic environment, the Company concluded that
events had occurred and circumstances had changed which required it to perform an interim period
goodwill impairment test at its GGB reporting unit GGB included in the Engineered Products
segment, and its Plastomer Technologies reporting unit Plastomer Technologies included in the
Sealing Products segment. During the second quarter of 2009, the Company conducted a thorough
analysis to compare the fair value of GGB and Plastomer Technologies to the respective carrying
values assigned to their net assets. The excess of the fair value of each reporting unit over the
carrying value assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of its goodwill.
Based on the results of the test, the Company determined that the fair values of GGB and Plastomer
Technologies were less than the carrying values of their net assets, resulting in an implied fair
value of goodwill of zero for each of the reporting units. As a result, the Company recognized a
non-cash impairment charge of 113.1 million, which represented all of the remaining goodwill in
these reporting units, in the second quarter of 2009. During the analysis, the Company also tested
the fair value of all its other reporting units and determined that there was no other goodwill
impairment.

As of October 1, 2009, the Company completed its required annual impairment test of goodwill,
which did not indicate any impairment of the remaining goodwill. Based on the results of the test,
the Company determined that the fair value of one of the reporting units exceeded its carrying
value by approximately 60 and the other reporting units having goodwill balances had fair values
that exceeded their carrying values by over 100 .

Other intangible assets are recorded at cost, or when acquired as a part of a business
combination, at estimated fair value. These assets include customer relationships, patents and
other technology agreements, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets
that have definite lives are amortized using a method that reflects the pattern in which the
economic benefits of the assets are consumed or the straight-line method over estimated useful
lives of 2 to 25 years. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to at least annual
impairment testing, which compares the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount.
The results of these assessments did not indicate any impairment to these intangible assets for
the years presented.

Asbestos The Company accrues for known and estimated future asbestos claims for the next
ten years and the Company records legal fees and expenses only when incurred.

The significant assumptions underlying the material components of the estimated liability
include: the number and trend of claims to be asserted; the mix of alleged diseases or impairment;
the trend in the number of claims for mesothelioma cases; the probability that some existing and
potential future claims will eventually be dismissed without payment; the estimated amount to be
paid per claim, and the timing and impact of large amounts that will become available for the
payment of claims from the 524(g) trusts of former defendants in bankruptcy. The actual number of
future actions filed per year and the payments made to resolve those claims could exceed those
reflected in management s estimate of the liability.

62 

Table of Contents 

With the assistance of Bates White, the Company periodically reviews the period over which it
can make a reasonable estimate, the assumptions underlying the Company s estimate, the range of
reasonably possible potential liabilities and management s estimate of the liability, and adjusts
the estimate if necessary. Changing circumstances and new data that may become available could
cause a change in the estimated liability in the future by an amount that cannot currently be
reasonably estimated, and that increase could be significant and material. Additional discussion
is included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Commitments and Contingencies 
Asbestos. 

Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its
exposure to various risks. The use of these financial instruments modifies the exposure with the
intent of reducing the risk to the Company. The Company does not use financial instruments for
trading purposes, nor does it use leveraged financial instruments. The counterparties to these
contractual arrangements are major financial institutions. The current accounting rules require
that all derivative instruments be reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and
that changes in a derivative s fair value be recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge
criteria are met.

The Company is exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations.
These risks include the translation of local currency balances on its foreign subsidiaries balance
sheets, intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in foreign
currencies. The Company strives to control its exposure to these risks through its normal
operating activities and, where appropriate, through derivative instruments. The Company has
entered into contracts to hedge forecasted transactions occurring at various dates through December
2010 that are denominated in foreign currencies. The notional amount of foreign exchange contracts
hedging foreign currency transactions was 106.0 million and 130.3 million at December 31, 2009
and 2008, respectively. At December 31, 2009, foreign exchange contracts with notional amounts
totaling 60.8 million are accounted for as cash flow hedges. As cash flow hedges, the effective
portion of the gain or loss on the contracts is reported in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) and the ineffective portion is reported in income. Amounts in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified into income, primarily cost of sales, in the period
that the hedged transactions affect earnings. The balances of derivative assets are recorded in
other current assets and the balances of derivative liabilities are recorded in other accrued
expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining notional amount of 45.2 million of
foreign exchange contracts, all of which have a maturity date of a month or less, are recorded at
their fair market value with changes in market value recorded in income. It is anticipated that
the entire amount within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivative
instruments will be reclassified into income within the next twelve months.

Fair Value Measurements On January 1, 2008, the Company adopted a new accounting standard
regarding fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities. As permitted by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the Company elected to defer the adoption of the
fair value standard for certain nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities until January 1,
2009. The standard provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures
regarding fair value measurements. It defines fair value as the exchange price that would be
received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants on the measurement date.

The standard utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief
description of those three levels:

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

63 

Table of Contents 

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In May 2008, the FASB issued authoritative
guidance that requires the issuer of certain convertible debt instruments that may be settled in
cash on conversion to separately account for the liability and equity components of the instrument
in a manner that reflects the issuer s nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. The guidance was
adopted effective January 1, 2009. Early application was not permitted; however, the transition
guidance requires retrospective application to all periods presented. Prior periods presented in
these consolidated financial statements and related notes have been recast to report as if the
guidance had been used in all periods.

This guidance changes the accounting treatment for the Company s 3.9375 Convertible Senior
Debentures (the Debentures to require that the liability component of the Debentures be recorded
at its fair value as of the issuance date. This resulted in the Company recording debt in the
amount of 111.2 million as of the issuance date with the 61.3 million offset to the debt discount
being recorded in equity on a net of tax basis. The debt discount, 42.5 million as of December
31, 2009, is being amortized through interest expense until the maturity date of October 15, 2015,
resulting in an effective interest rate of approximately 9.5 and a 130.0 million net carrying
amount of the liability component at December 31, 2009. As of December 31, 2008, the unamortized
debt discount was 47.7 million and the net carrying amount of the liability component was 124.8
million. Interest expense related to the Debentures for the years ended December 30, 2009, 2008
and 2007 includes 6.8 million of contractual interest coupon in each period and 5.2 million, 4.7
million and 4.4 million, respectively, of debt discount amortization.

In May 2009, the FASB established general standards of accounting for, and required disclosure
of, events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or
are available to be issued. The Company adopted the provisions of the standard in 2009. The
adoption of these provisions did not have an effect on its financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.

In March 2008, the FASB issued a standard that requires entities to provide enhanced
disclosure about how and why the entity uses derivative instruments, how the instruments and
related hedged items are accounted for, and how the instruments and related hedged items affect the
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the entity. The Company adopted the
standard in 2009. The adoption of these provisions did not have an effect on its financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.

In December 2007, the FASB modified the rules regarding business combinations. The new
standard retains the underlying concepts of the previously existing guidance in that all business
combinations are still required to be accounted for at fair value under the acquisition method of
accounting, but changes the method of applying the acquisition method in a number of aspects. The
Company adopted the standard for any business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or
after January 1, 2009. This new standard did not change the financial accounting and reporting for
business combinations completed prior to the effective date of the new standard.

In April 2009, the FASB issued rules to require disclosures about fair value of financial
instruments in interim reporting periods. Such disclosures were previously required only in annual
financial statements. The Company adopted the provisions in 2009. Because it applies only to
financial statement disclosures, the adoption did not have any impact on the Company s financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.

64 

Table of Contents 

In December 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that requires additional disclosures
about assets held in an employer s defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan. The
guidance is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2009. The Company adopted the
guidance in 2009. Since it requires only additional disclosures, adoption of the guidance did not
affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In October 2009, the FASB issued guidance that
establishes the accounting and reporting for arrangements including multiple revenue-generating
activities. This guidance provides amendments to the criteria for separating deliverables,
measuring and allocating arrangement consideration to one or more units of accounting. The
amendments in this guidance are effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or
materially modified in the fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010. The Company does not
anticipate this will have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows.

2. Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations 

Acquisitions In February 2009, the Company acquired PTM (UK) Limited, a full service
provider of sealing solutions, which is included in the Company s Sealing Products segment. In
December 2009, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Technetics
Corporation, a leading manufacturer of abradable seals, brush seals and acoustic products for
turbines used in aerospace and power generation applications. This acquisition is included in the
Company s Sealing Products segment. The Company also purchased several small product lines during
2009.

The acquisitions completed during 2009 were paid for with 51.1 million in cash. They
resulted in increases in working capital of 3.0 million, property, plant and equipment of 3.9
million, goodwill of 22.3 million, other intangible assets of 23.8 million, long-term debt of
 0.3 million and other long-term liabilities of 1.6 million. The assets, liabilities and results
of operations of these acquisitions were not material to the Company s consolidated financial
position or results of operations, so pro forma financial information is not presented. The
purchase price allocations of the recently acquired businesses are subject to the completion of
purchase price adjustments pursuant to the acquisition agreements.

In June 2008, the Company purchased the 20 ownership of the minority shareholder of Garlock
Pty Limited in Australia. Subsequent to the share purchase, the Company owns 100 of Garlock Pty
Limited. In February 2008, the Company acquired V.W. Kaiser Engineering, a privately-held
manufacturer of pins, bushings and suspension kits for the commercial vehicle aftermarket. In
January 2008, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Sinflex
Sealing Technologies, a distributor and manufacturer of industrial sealing products, located in
Shanghai, China. These acquisitions are included in the Company s Sealing Products segment. The
Company also purchased several small product lines during 2008. The acquisitions completed during
2008 were paid for with 33.0 million in cash.

In June 2007, the Company acquired Texflo Machining Ltd., a privately-held company that
services and repairs reciprocating compressors, primarily for the natural gas market in western
Canada. In July 2007, the Company acquired Compressor Products International Limited, a
privately-held manufacturer of critical sealing components for reciprocating compressors, gas
engines and related equipment. These acquisitions are included in the Company s Engineered
Products segment. The Company also purchased the remaining ownership interest in one of its
subsidiaries and two small product lines during 2007.

65 

Table of Contents 

The acquisitions completed during 2007 were paid for with 77.0 million in cash. The purchase
of the remaining ownership interest in one of the Company s subsidiaries resulted in an
extraordinary gain of 4.1 million. The gain was recorded net of 1.6 million of income taxes.

Discontinued Operations During the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company announced its plans
to sell the Quincy Compressor business Quincy that had been reported within the Engineered
Products segment. Accordingly, the Company has reported, for all periods presented, the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of Quincy as a discontinued operation in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

For 2009, 2008 and 2007, results of operations from Quincy were as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Sales

124.4 

174.0 

156.2 

Income from discontinued operations

7.2 

26.5 

27.3 

Income tax expense

(2.9) 

(8.7) 

(9.4) 

Income from discontinued operations, net
of taxes

4.3 

17.8 

17.9 

The major classes of assets and liabilities for Quincy are shown below:

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Assets:

Accounts and notes receivable

18.0 

24.9 

Inventories

8.2 

12.2 

Other current assets

0.9 

1.7 

Property, plant and equipment

18.3 

20.4 

Goodwill

6.4 

6.4 

Other intangible assets

4.5 

4.9 

Other assets

1.1 

2.7 

Assets of discontinued operations

57.5 

73.2 

Liabilities:

Accounts payable

9.5 

13.2 

Other accrued expenses

6.4 

7.4 

Other liabilities

0.3 

0.3 

Liabilities of discontinued operations

16.2 

20.9 

3. Other Operating Expense (Income), Net 

The Company incurred 10.2 million, 4.6 million and 6.0 million of restructuring costs
during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

During 2009, due to the deterioration in the global economic environment, the Company
initiated a number of restructuring activities throughout its operations. These programs primarily
involved the rationalization of workforce levels, consolidation of facilities and elimination of
unprofitable product

66 

Table of Contents 

lines. Workforce reductions announced totaled 330 salaried administrative and hourly
manufacturing positions, of which 306 had been terminated by December 31, 2009.

Restructuring reserves at December 31, 2009, as well as activity during the year, consisted
of:

Direct 

Balance 

Credits to 

Balance 

December 31, 

Environmental 

December 31, 

2008 

Provision 

Payments 

Liabilities 

2009 

(in millions) 

Personnel-related costs

1.2 

7.7 

(6.3) 

2.6 

Facility related costs

2.5 

(1.5) 

(0.6) 

0.4 

1.2 

10.2 

(7.8) 

(0.6) 

3.0 

During 2008, the Company incurred approximately 2.0 million of costs related to the
modernization of the Palmyra, New York facilities of Garlock Sealing Technologies, included within
the Sealing Products segment. This project was begun in 2005.

Several smaller restructuring initiatives were begun and completed during 2008 at other
Company operations, primarily the consolidation of two small facilities. Approximately 0.9
million of costs were incurred.

Restructuring reserves at December 31, 2008, as well as activity during the year, consisted
of:

Balance 

Balance 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2007 

Provision 

Payments 

2008 

(in millions) 

Personnel-related costs

0.4 

1.6 

(0.8) 

1.2 

Facility demolition and
relocation costs

3.0 

(3.0) 

0.4 

4.6 

(3.8) 

1.2 

During 2007, the Company announced the planned consolidation of facilities for a unit
within the Sealing Products segment. Approximately 0.6 million of costs were incurred during 2007
of the total 2.3 million for the entire initiative. Workforce reductions announced totaled 34,
primarily hourly manufacturing positions, all of which took place during 2008. The project was
completed in 2008. In connection with this facilities consolidation, the Company sold a building
for 3.0 million, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 2.2 million. This gain is included in other
operating expense (income), net for the year ended December 31, 2008.

Restructuring reserves at December 31, 2007, as well as activity during the year, consisted
of:

Direct 

Balance 

Credits to 

Balance 

December 31, 

Environmental 

December 31, 

2006 

Provision 

Payments 

Liabilities 

2007 

(in millions) 

Personnel-related costs

0.1 

0.7 

(0.4) 

0.4 

Facility demolition and
relocation costs

5.3 

(3.0) 

(2.3) 

0.1 

6.0 

(3.4) 

(2.3) 

0.4 

67 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring costs by reportable segment are as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Sealing Products

2.9 

3.7 

6.0 

Engineered Products

7.3 

0.9 

10.2 

4.6 

6.0 

Also included in other operating expense (income), net for the year ended December 31,
2008 was 2.5 million received related to the favorable settlement of a warranty claim against a
supplier. For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, there were 0.3 million of losses and
 0.2 million of gains, respectively, recorded related to the disposal of various pieces of
machinery.

4. Other Income (Expense), Net 

In conjunction with the closure of a plant in the early 1980s, the Company s Coltec Industries
Inc Coltec subsidiary was required to fund two trusts for retiree medical benefits for union
employees at the plant. The first trust (the Benefits Trust pays for these retiree medical
benefits on an ongoing basis. Coltec has no ownership interest in the Benefits Trust and thus the
assets and liabilities of this trust are not included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Because of the possibility that Coltec would be required to make contributions to the Benefits
Trust, Coltec was required to establish a second trust (the Back-Up Trust to cover potential
shortfalls in the Benefits Trust. A liability for potential payments to be made from the Back-Up
Trust is recorded in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets in other long-term liabilities.
During 2009, the Company recorded income of 19.2 million related to the reduction of this
estimated liability based upon a recent actuarial analysis that determined the potential liability
was significantly less than the amount accrued. This is discussed further in Note 17, Commitments
and Contingencies Crucible Materials Corporation. 

During 2009, the Company recorded expense of 2.1 million due to increases to environmental
reserves based on new facts at several specific sites. These sites all related to previously owned
businesses.

In 2008, the Company recorded 3.4 million of incremental costs for legal, financial and
strategic advice and proxy solicitation in connection with the contested election of directors
initiated by one of the Company s shareholders. On April 11, 2008, an agreement with the
shareholder was entered into that resolved the contested election.

In 2009, the Company recorded 0.3 million of income and in 2008 and 2007, the Company
recorded 2.0 million and 0.4 million, respectively, of expense related to changes in the value of
marketable securities.

5. Income Taxes 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes as shown in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations consists of the following:

68 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Domestic

(112.9) 

2.7 

(18.1) 

Foreign

(85.3) 

46.9 

44.6 

Total

(198.2) 

49.6 

26.5 

A summary of income tax expense (benefit) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
from continuing operations is as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Current: 

Federal

(4.8) 

2.2 

2.0 

Foreign

18.0 

14.5 

16.9 

State

(0.1) 

0.3 

0.2 

13.1 

17.0 

19.1 

Deferred: 

Federal

(39.4) 

(1.2) 

(7.7) 

Foreign

(25.9) 

1.1 

(1.5) 

State

(2.4) 

(0.1) 

(0.6) 

(67.7) 

(0.2) 

(9.8) 

Total

(54.6) 

16.8 

9.3 

Significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2009
and 2008 are as follows:

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Deferred income tax assets:

Net operating losses

19.5 

Goodwill impairment

17.0 

Accrual for post-retirement benefits other than pensions

3.3 

3.0 

Environmental reserves

7.6 

8.3 

Retained liabilities of previously owned businesses

4.7 

12.3 

Inventories

2.2 

1.7 

Accruals and reserves

11.8 

14.9 

Minimum pension liability

29.1 

33.1 

Asbestos accrual

191.2 

153.1 

Total deferred income tax assets

286.4 

226.4 

Deferred income tax liabilities:

Pensions

(0.1) 

(5.9) 

Tax depreciation and amortization in excess of book

(48.7) 

(44.0) 

Payments in excess of insurance recoveries

(81.6) 

(78.1) 

Other

(3.1) 

(1.2) 

Total deferred income tax liabilities

(133.5) 

(129.2) 

Net deferred income taxes

152.9 

97.2 

The Company concluded that a valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets at December
31, 2009 and 2008, was not required. The Company s methodology for determining the realizability
of

69 

Table of Contents 

deferred tax assets involves estimates of future taxable income from its operations. These
estimates are projected through the life of the related deferred tax assets based on assumptions
that the Company believes to be reasonable and consistent with current operating results. Changes
in future operating results not currently forecasted may have a significant impact on the
realization of deferred tax assets.

The effective income tax rate from operations varied from the statutory federal income tax
rate as follows:

Percent of Pretax Income 

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Statutory federal income tax rate

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

Credits

7.5 

(0.2) 

(3.3) 

State and local taxes

1.3 

0.4 

(1.2) 

Goodwill impairment

(10.6) 

Domestic manufacturers deduction

(0.4) 

1.1 

Foreign tax rate differences

(7.4) 

(3.2) 

(5.9) 

Uncertain tax positions

(0.3) 

2.0 

5.7 

Audit settlements

(3.5) 

(1.5) 

Other items

2.0 

3.8 

5.2 

Effective income tax rate

27.5 

33.9 

35.1 

The Company has not provided for the federal and foreign withholding taxes on 151.2
million of the foreign subsidiaries undistributed earnings as of December 31, 2009, because such
earnings are intended to be reinvested indefinitely. On repatriation, certain foreign countries
impose withholding taxes. The amount of withholding tax that would be payable on remittance of the
entire amount would approximate 11.6 million.

As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had 7.9 million and 5.6 million, respectively,
of liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits. The unrecognized tax benefit balances as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008, include 3.4 million and 1.6 million, respectively, for tax positions
for which the ultimate deductibility was highly certain but for which there was uncertainty about
the timing of such deductibility. Also included in the liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax
benefits as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, were cumulative amounts of 4.5 million and 4.0
million, respectively, for uncertain tax positions that would affect the Company s effective tax
rate if recognized. These amounts include interest of 0.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively.
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax
expense. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the unrecognized tax benefits
(excluding interest) is as follows:

(in millions) 
 
 2009 

2008 

2007 

Balance at beginning of year

5.1 

17.2 

21.8 

Additions based on tax positions related to
the current year

2.1 

2.5 

0.7 

Additions for tax positions of prior years

0.1 

0.7 

0.1 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years

(0.1) 

(4.5) 

Reductions as a result of audit settlements

(15.3) 

(0.9) 

Balance at end of year

7.2 

5.1 

17.2 

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income
tax in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. Substantially all state, local and foreign income
tax returns for the years 2003 through 2008 are open to examination. The U.S. federal income tax
returns for 2007 and 2008 are also open to examination. Various foreign and state tax returns are
currently under examination

70 

Table of Contents 

and may conclude within the next twelve months. The final outcomes of these audits are not
yet determinable; however, management believes that any assessments that may arise will not be
material to the Company s financial condition or results of operations.

6. Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the applicable net income (loss) by
the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss)
per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock as adjusted for
any potentially dilutive shares as of the balance sheet date. The computation of basic and diluted
earnings (loss) per share is as follows:

(in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 2009 

2008 

2007 

Numerator (basic and diluted):

Net income (loss)

(139.3) 

50.6 

37.6 

Denominator:

Weighted-average shares basic

20.0 

20.2 

21.3 

Share-based awards

0.5 

0.5 

Convertible debentures

0.3 

0.5 

Other

0.1 

Weighted-average shares diluted

20.0 

21.1 

22.3 

Earnings (loss) per share:

Basic

(6.97) 

2.50 

1.77 

Diluted

(6.97) 

2.40 

1.68 

As discussed further in Note 10, the Company has issued Debentures. Under the terms of
the Debentures, the Company would settle the par amount of its obligations in cash and the
remaining obligations, if any, in common shares. Pursuant to applicable accounting guidelines, the
Company includes the conversion option effect in diluted earnings per share during such periods
when the Company s average stock price exceeds the conversion price of 33.79 per share.

In 2009, there was a loss attributable to common shares. Potentially dilutive share-based
awards of 0.3 million shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as
they were antidilutive. There were no antidilutive shares in 2008 or 2007.

7. Inventories 

Inventories consist of the following:

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Finished products

60.1 

50.8 

Deferred costs relating to long-term contracts

42.9 

41.5 

Work in process

16.2 

15.5 

Raw materials and supplies

24.4 

26.1 

143.6 

133.9 

Reserve to reduce certain inventories to LIFO basis

(14.2) 

(15.1) 

Progress payments

(43.3) 

(46.3) 

Total

86.1 

72.5 

71 

Table of Contents 

8. Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment consists of the following:

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Land

4.0 

3.3 

Buildings and improvements

111.5 

99.8 

Machinery and equipment

347.7 

323.7 

Construction in progress

14.5 

22.5 

477.7 

449.3 

Less accumulated depreciation

(292.3) 

(263.6) 

Total

185.4 

185.7 

9. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

The changes in the net carrying value of goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008 are as follows:

Engine 

Sealing 

Engineered 

Products and 

Products 

Products 

Services 

Total 

(in millions) 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2007

73.2 

153.5 

7.1 

233.8 

Accumulated impairment losses

(23.4) 

(23.4) 

49.8 

153.5 

7.1 

210.4 

Foreign currency translation

(1.3) 

(12.7) 

(14.0) 

Acquisitions

17.9 

(2.6) 

15.3 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2008

89.8 

138.2 

7.1 

235.1 

Accumulated impairment losses

(23.4) 

(23.4) 

66.4 

138.2 

7.1 

211.7 

Foreign currency translation

1.4 

3.4 

4.8 

Impairment

(4.4) 

(108.7) 

(113.1) 

Acquisitions

21.6 

0.7 

22.3 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2009

112.8 

142.3 

7.1 

262.2 

Accumulated impairment losses

(27.8) 

(108.7) 

(136.5) 

85.0 

33.6 

7.1 

125.7 

The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of identifiable intangible assets
is as follows:

72 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2009 

As of December 31, 2008 

Gross 

Gross 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Amortization 

(in millions) 

Customer relationships

90.4 

34.1 

72.8 

26.8 

Existing technology

26.5 

6.5 

22.4 

5.0 

Trademarks

39.3 

7.3 

36.5 

6.4 

Other

17.4 

9.7 

13.3 

8.3 

173.6 

57.6 

145.0 

46.5 

Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was 10.0
million, 10.4 million and 7.8 million, respectively. Amortization expense for these intangible
assets for the years 2010 through 2014 is estimated to be 12.8 million, 11.4 million, 10.6
million, 9.6 million and 8.2 million, respectively. The Company has trademarks with indefinite
lives that were included in the table above with a carrying amount of approximately 24 million as
of December 31, 2009 that were not amortized.

10. Long-Term Debt 

The Company s long-term debt at December 31, 2009 and 2008 is summarized as follows:

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Convertible Debentures

130.0 

124.8 

Industrial revenue bonds

9.6 

Other notes payable

0.4 

0.1 

130.4 

134.5 

Less current maturities of long-term debt

0.1 

9.6 

130.3 

124.9 

The Company s primary U.S. operating subsidiaries have a senior secured revolving credit
facility with a group of banks. The credit agreement for this facility was originally executed on
May 16, 2002. On April 26, 2006, the Company and its primary U.S. operating subsidiaries amended
and extended the facility. As amended, the maximum initial amount available for borrowings under
the facility is 75 million. The actual borrowing availability at December 31, 2009 under the
facility was 63.2 million after giving consideration to letters of credit outstanding. Under
certain conditions, the borrowers may request that the facility be increased by up to 25 million,
to 100 million total. The facility matures on April 21, 2011. Borrowings are available at LIBOR
plus a margin of 1.00 to 1.75 . The Company pays an annual unused line fee of 0.25 .

There have been no borrowings under this credit facility since its inception. Borrowings
under the credit facility would be collateralized by receivables, inventories, intellectual
property, insurance receivables and all other personal property assets (other than fixed assets) of
the Company and its U.S. subsidiaries, and by pledges of 65 of the capital stock of its foreign
subsidiaries and 100 of the capital stock of its domestic subsidiaries. The credit facility
contains customary restrictions, covenants and events of default for financings of this type,
including but not limited to limitations on the ability to pay dividends, limitations on the
incurrence and repayment of additional debt and maintenance of a fixed charge coverage financial
ratio. Certain of the covenants and restrictions apply only if availability under the facility
falls below certain levels.

73 

Table of Contents 

In 2005, the Company issued 172.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Debentures. The
Debentures bear interest at the annual rate of 3.9375 , with interest due on April 15 and October
15 of each year and will mature on October 15, 2015 unless they are converted prior to that date.
The Debentures are the Company s direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and would rank
equal in priority with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment
to all subordinated indebtedness. They would effectively rank junior to all secured indebtedness
to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The Debentures do not contain
any financial covenants.

Holders may convert the Debentures into cash and shares of the Company s common stock, under
certain circumstances. The initial conversion rate, which is subject to adjustment, is 29.5972
shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Debentures. This is equal to an initial
conversion price of 33.79 per share. The Debentures may be converted under any of the following
circumstances:

during any fiscal quarter (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the closing
price of the Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days in the 30 consecutive
trading-day period ending on the last trading day of the preceding fiscal quarter was
130 or more of the then current conversion price per share of common stock on that
30 th trading day; 

during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading-day period
(which is referred to as the measurement period in which the trading price per
debenture for each day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of
the closing price of the Company s common stock and the applicable conversion rate for
the debentures; 

on or after September 15, 2015; 

upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions; or 

in connection with a transaction or event constituting a change of control. 

None of the conditions that permit conversion were satisfied at December 31, 2009.

Upon conversion of any Debentures, the principal amount would be settled in cash.
Specifically, in connection with any conversion, the Company will satisfy its obligations under the
Debentures by delivering to holders, in respect of each 1,000 aggregate principal amount of
Debentures being converted:

cash equal to the lesser of 1,000 or the Conversion Value (defined below), and 

to the extent the Conversion Value exceeds 1,000, a number of shares equal to the
sum of, for each day of the cash settlement period, (1) 5 of the difference between
(A) the product of the conversion rate (plus any additional shares as an adjustment
upon a change of control) and the closing price of the Company s common stock for such
date and (B) 1,000, divided by (2) the closing price of the Company s common stock for
such day. 

Conversion Value means the product of (1) the conversion rate in effect (plus any additional
shares as an adjustment upon a change of control) and (2) the average of the closing prices of the
Company s common stock for the 20 consecutive trading days beginning on the second trading day
after the conversion date for those Debentures.

74 

Table of Contents 

The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Debentures to enter into
call options (hedge and warrant transactions), which entitle the Company to purchase shares of its
stock from a financial institution at 33.79 per share and entitle the financial institution to purchase
shares from the Company at 46.78 per share. This will reduce potential dilution to the Company s
common shareholders from conversion of the Debentures by increasing the effective conversion price
to 46.78 per share.

Future principal payments on long-term debt are as follows:

(in millions) 

2010

0.1 

2011

0.1 

2012

0.1 

2013

0.1 

2014

Thereafter

130.0 

130.4 

11. Fair Value Measurements 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized as
follows:

Fair Value Measurements as of 

December 31, 2009 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

(in millions) 

Assets

Cash equivalents

71.2 

71.2 

Crucible back-up trust assets

18.7 

18.7 

Foreign currency derivatives

1.2 

1.2 

Deferred compensation assets

2.6 

2.6 

93.7 

92.5 

1.2 

Liabilities

Deferred compensation liabilities

4.9 

4.9 

Foreign currency derivatives

0.2 

0.2 

5.1 

4.9 

0.2 

Fair Value Measurements as of 

December 31, 2008 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

(in millions) 

Assets

Cash equivalents

65.8 

65.8 

Crucible back-up trust assets

22.4 

22.4 

Cash management fund

7.1 

7.1 

Foreign currency derivatives

1.8 

1.8 

Deferred compensation assets

2.6 

2.6 

99.7 

90.8 

8.9 

Liabilities

Deferred compensation liabilities

4.1 

4.1 

Foreign currency derivatives

0.7 

0.7 

4.8 

4.1 

0.7 

75 

Table of Contents 

The Company s cash equivalents, Crucible back-up trust assets and deferred compensation
assets and liabilities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are
valued using quoted market prices. For further discussion of the Crucible back-up trust, see Note
17, Commitments and Contingencies Crucible Materials Corporation. The fair value of the cash
management fund assets was determined through broker quotations or alternative pricing sources with
reasonable levels of price transparency and was reflected in the net asset value of the fund. The
fair values for foreign currency derivatives are based on quoted market prices from various banks
for similar instruments.

As further discussed in Note 1, goodwill with a carrying value of 113.1 million was written
down to its implied fair value of zero, resulting in a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of
 113.1 million, which was included in earnings for the second quarter of 2009. The fair value
measurements were calculated using unobservable inputs (primarily discounted cash flow analyses)
and classified as Level 3, requiring significant management judgment due to the absence of quoted
market prices or observable inputs for assets of a similar nature.

The carrying values of the Company s significant financial instruments reflected in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate their respective fair values at December 31, 2009 and 2008,
except for the following instruments:

2009 

2008 

Carrying 

Fair 

Carrying 

Fair 

Value 

Value 

Value 

Value 

(in millions) 

Long-term debt

130.4 

175.9 

134.5 

145.1 

The fair values for long-term debt are based on quoted market prices or on rates
available to the Company for debt with similar terms and maturities.

12. Pensions and Postretirement Benefits 

The Company and its subsidiaries have several non-contributory defined benefit pension plans
covering eligible employees in the United States, Canada, Mexico and several European countries.
Salaried employees benefit payments are generally determined using a formula that is based on an
employee s compensation and length of service. The Company closed its defined benefit pension plan
for new salaried employees in the United States who joined the Company after January 1, 2006, and
effective January 1, 2007, benefits were frozen for all salaried employees who were not age 40 or
older as of December 31, 2006, and other employees who chose to freeze their benefits. Hourly
employees benefit payments are generally determined using stated amounts for each year of service.
The Company s employees also participate in voluntary contributory retirement savings plans for
salaried and hourly employees maintained by the Company and its subsidiaries. Under these plans,
eligible employees can receive matching contributions up to the first 6 of their eligible
earnings. Effective January 1, 2007, those employees whose defined benefit pension plan benefits
were frozen receive an additional 2 Company contribution each year. The Company recorded 5.8
million, 5.9 million and 5.2 million in expenses in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, for
matching contributions under these plans.

The Company s general funding policy for qualified defined benefit pension plans is to
contribute amounts that are at least sufficient to satisfy regulatory funding standards. The
Company did not make any cash contributions to its U.S. pension plans in 2009 as a result of credit
balances available from previous discretionary contributions. In 2008, no contributions were
required or made. The Company anticipates that there will be a required funding of 3.4 million in
2010. The Company expects to make

76 

Table of Contents 

total contributions of approximately 0.9 million in 2010 to the
foreign pension plans. The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair
value of plan assets for the defined benefit
pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were 218.4
million, 205.1 million and 133.3 million at December 31, 2009, and 190.0 million, 177.6 million
and 109.7 million at December 31, 2008, respectively.

The Company amortizes prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses using the
straight-line basis over the average future service life of active participants.

The Company provides, through non-qualified plans, supplemental pension benefits to a limited
number of employees. Certain of the Company s subsidiaries also sponsor unfunded defined benefit
postretirement plans that provide certain health-care and life insurance benefits to eligible
employees. The health-care plans are contributory, with retiree contributions adjusted
periodically, and contain other cost-sharing features, such as deductibles and coinsurance. The
life insurance plans are generally noncontributory. The amounts included in Other Benefits in
the following tables include the non-qualified plans and the other defined benefit postretirement
plans discussed above.

Domestic Plans 

The following table sets forth the changes in projected benefit obligations and plan assets of
the Company s U.S. defined benefit pension and other non-qualified and postretirement plans as of
and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008.

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Change in Projected Benefit Obligations 

Projected benefit obligations at
beginning of year

180.3 

168.6 

14.1 

12.9 

Service cost

5.1 

5.8 

0.6 

1.0 

Interest cost

11.2 

10.4 

0.7 

0.7 

Actuarial loss (gain)

11.4 

1.7 

(0.1) 

0.7 

Amendments

0.5 

0.5 

Administrative expenses

(1.4) 

(1.2) 

Benefits paid

(6.4) 

(5.5) 

(4.8) 

(1.2) 

Projected benefit obligations at end of year

200.7 

180.3 

10.5 

14.1 

Change in Plan Assets 

Fair value of plan assets
at beginning of year

106.2 

157.1 

Actual return on plan assets

25.4 

(44.2) 

Administrative expenses

(1.4) 

(1.2) 

Benefits paid

(6.4) 

(5.5) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

123.8 

106.2 

Funded Status at End of Year 

(76.9) 

(74.1) 

(10.5) 

(14.1) 

Amounts Recognized in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Current liabilities

(1.4) 

(4.2) 

Long-term liabilities

(76.9) 

(74.1) 

(9.1) 

(9.9) 

(76.9) 

(74.1) 

(10.5) 

(14.1) 

77 

Table of Contents 

Pre-tax charges recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008 consist of:

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Net actuarial loss

66.9 

78.9 

2.6 

3.0 

Prior service cost

3.3 

3.7 

1.2 

1.4 

70.2 

82.6 

3.8 

4.4 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all domestic defined benefit pension plans was
 188.6 million and 169.0 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

Service cost

5.1 

5.8 

5.8 

0.6 

1.0 

1.5 

Interest cost

11.2 

10.4 

9.7 

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

Expected return on plan assets

(8.7) 

(13.1) 

(12.5) 

Amortization of prior service cost

0.9 

1.2 

1.2 

0.2 

0.2 

0.2 

Recognized net actuarial loss

6.7 

0.5 

0.1 

0.1 

0.2 

0.2 

Net periodic benefit cost

15.2 

4.8 

4.3 

1.6 

2.1 

2.6 

Other Changes in Plan Assets and
Benefit Obligations Recognized in
Other Comprehensive Income 

Net loss (gain)

(5.3) 

59.1 

5.6 

(0.3) 

Prior service cost

0.5 

0.4 

0.3 

0.7 

0.7 

Amortization of net loss

(6.7) 

(0.5) 

(0.1) 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

Amortization of prior service cost

(0.9) 

(1.2) 

(1.2) 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

Total recognized in other
comprehensive income

(12.4) 

57.8 

4.6 

(0.6) 

0.3 

0.3 

Total Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit
Cost and Other Comprehensive
Income 

2.8 

62.6 

8.9 

1.0 

2.4 

2.9 

The estimated net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that
will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over
the next fiscal year are 5.0 million and 0.8 million, respectively. The estimated net loss and
prior service cost for the other defined benefit postretirement plans that will be amortized from
accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is
 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively.

78 

Table of Contents 

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to
Determine Benefit Obligations at
December 31 

Discount rate

6.0 

6.25 

6.25 

6.0 

6.25 

6.25 

Rate of compensation increase

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to
Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost for
Years Ended December 31 

Discount rate

6.25 

6.25 

6.25 

6.25 

6.25 

6.25 

Expected long-term return on plan assets

8.5 

8.5 

8.5 

Rate of compensation increase

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be
effectively settled at the end of the year. The discount rate was determined by matching the
Company s expected benefit payments, taking into account the plans demographics, to the Citigroup
Pension Discount Curve. This produced a discount rate of 6.0 at December 31, 2009. As of the
date of these financial statements, there are no known or anticipated changes in our discount rate
assumption that will impact our pension expense in 2010. A 25 basis point decrease (increase) in
our discount rate, holding constant our expected long-term return on plan assets and other
assumptions, would increase (decrease) pension expense by approximately 0.7 million per year.

The overall expected long-term rate of return on assets was determined based upon
weighted-average historical returns over an extended period of time for the asset classes in which
the plans invest according to the Company s current investment policy.

The Company uses the RP-2000 mortality table to value its domestic pension liabilities.

Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates at December 31 
 
 2009 

2008 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year

8 

10.0 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to
decline (the ultimate rate)

5 

5.0 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate

2014 

2013 

A one percentage point change in the assumed health-care cost trend rate would have an
impact of not more than 0.1 million on net periodic benefit cost and 0.8 million on benefit
obligations.

Plan Assets 

The asset allocation for pension plans at the end of 2009 and 2008, and the target allocation
for 2010, by asset category are as follows:

79 

Table of Contents 

Target 

Allocation 

Plan Assets at December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Asset Category

Equity securities

65 

70 

65 

Fixed income

35 

30 

35 

100 

100 

100 

The Company s investment goal is to maximize the return on assets, over the long term, by
investing in equities and fixed income investments while diversifying investments within each asset
class to reduce the impact of losses in individual securities. Equity investments include a mix of
U.S. large capitalization equities, U.S. small capitalization equities and non-U.S. equities.
Fixed income investments include a mix of treasury obligations and high-quality money market
instruments. The asset allocation policy is reviewed and any significant variation from the target
asset allocation mix is rebalanced periodically. The plans have no direct investments in the
Company s common stock.

The plans invest exclusively in mutual funds whose holdings are marketable securities that
trade on a recognized market and, as a result, would be considered Level 1 assets. The investment
portfolio of the various funds at December 31, 2009 is as follows:

(in millions) 

U.S. large capitalization equity

51.9 

Fixed income treasury and money market

37.5 

International growth-oriented equity

10.6 

International value-oriented equity

10.6 

Small capitalization value-oriented equity

6.6 

Small capitalization growth-oriented equity

6.6 

123.8 

Estimated Future Benefit Payments 

The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are
expected to be paid:

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

(in millions) 

2010

7.3 

1.7 

2011

7.9 

0.8 

2012

8.7 

0.7 

2013

9.6 

0.8 

2014

10.6 

1.4 

Years 2015 2019

68.9 

3.6 

113.0 

9.0 

Foreign Plans 

The following table sets forth the changes in projected benefit obligations and plan assets of
the Company s foreign defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008.

80 

Table of Contents 

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Change in Projected Benefit Obligations 

Projected benefit obligations at
beginning of year

14.7 

19.3 

1.4 

Service cost

0.6 

0.7 

Interest cost

1.0 

1.0 

Curtailments and settlements

(1.7) 

(1.4) 

Actuarial loss (gain)

3.8 

(2.8) 

Benefits paid

(0.9) 

(1.2) 

Other, primarily exchange
rate adjustment

1.6 

(2.3) 

Projected benefit obligations at end of year

19.1 

14.7 

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Change in Plan Assets 

Fair value of plan assets
at beginning of year

8.6 

12.4 

Actual return on plan assets

1.6 

(1.9) 

Company contributions

1.2 

1.3 

Benefits paid

(0.9) 

(1.2) 

Other, primarily exchange rate adjustment

1.1 

(2.0) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

11.6 

8.6 

Funded Status 

(7.5) 

(6.1) 

Amounts Recognized in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Long-term assets

0.7 

0.4 

Current liabilities

(0.3) 

(0.3) 

Long-term liabilities

(7.9) 

(6.2) 

(7.5) 

(6.1) 

Pre-tax charges (credits) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as
of December 31, 2009 and 2008 consist of:

Pension Benefits 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Net actuarial loss

3.8 

1.5 

Net transition asset

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

3.6 

1.3 

The accumulated benefit obligations for all foreign defined benefit pension plans was
 17.6 million and 12.7 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

81 

Table of Contents 

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

Service cost

0.6 

0.7 

0.7 

0.1 

Interest cost

1.0 

1.0 

0.9 

0.1 

Expected return on plan assets

(0.6) 

(0.8) 

(0.8) 

Recognized net actuarial loss

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

Curtailment and settlement gain

(0.7) 

(1.1) 

Net periodic benefit cost

0.4 

1.0 

0.9 

(1.1) 

0.2 

Other Changes in Plan Assets and
Benefit Obligations Recognized in
Other Comprehensive Income 

Net loss (gain)

1.9 

(0.1) 

(0.4) 

0.6 

(0.4) 

Amortization of net loss

(0.1) 

(0.1) 

(0.1) 

Curtailment

(0.9) 

Other, primarily exchange rate
adjustment

0.5 

(0.6) 

0.4 

Total recognized in other
comprehensive income

2.3 

(0.8) 

(0.1) 

(0.3) 

(0.4) 

Total Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit
Cost and Other Comprehensive
Income 

2.7 

0.2 

0.8 

(1.4) 

(0.2) 

The estimated net loss for the defined benefit pension plans that will be amortized from
accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is
 1.8 million.

Pension Benefits 

Other Benefits 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to
Determine Benefit Obligations at
December 31 

Discount rate

4.75 

7.0 

5.6 

6.25 

5.5 

Rate of compensation increase

3.1 

3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to
Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost for
Years Ended December 31 

Discount rate

7.0 

5.6 

5.0 

5.5 

4.5 

Expected long-term return on plan assets

6.8 

6.8 

7.0 

Rate of compensation increase

3.1 

3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

82 

Table of Contents 

Plan Assets 

The asset allocation for the Canadian pension plan at the end of 2009 and 2008 and the target
allocation for 2010 is 60 equity securities, 35 fixed income, and 5 other. The Canadian plans
invest directly in securities or in pooled funds or mutual funds which are comprised of securities
that are all traded on a recognized exchange. Therefore, these assets would be considered Level 1.
The asset allocation for the Mexican pension plan at the end of 2009 and 2008 and the target
allocation for 2010 is 100 fixed income. The Mexican plans invest in government securities which
would be considered Level 1 assets. The European plans are generally unfunded.

Estimated Future Benefit Payments 

The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are
expected to be made:

Pension 

Benefits 

(in millions) 

2010

1.0 

2011

11.7 

2012

0.3 

2013

0.3 

2014

0.5 

Years 2015 2019

3.5 

17.3 

13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consists of the following:

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Unrealized translation adjustments

52.7 

37.1 

Pension and other postretirement plans

(48.5) 

(55.1) 

Accumulated net gain on cash flow hedges

0.6 

0.6 

Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss)

4.8 

(17.4) 

The unrealized translation adjustments are net of deferred taxes of 1.1 million and 1.0
million in 2009 and 2008, respectively. The pension and other postretirement plans are net of
deferred taxes of 29.1 million and 33.2 million, in 2009 and 2008, respectively. The accumulated
net gain on cash flow hedges is net of deferred taxes of 0.4 million and 0.4 million in 2009 and
2008, respectively.

14. Shareholders Equity 

On March 3, 2008, pursuant to a 100 million share repurchase authorization approved by the
Company s board of directors, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase ASR agreement with a financial institution to provide for the immediate retirement of 50 million of
the

83 

Table of Contents 

Company s common stock. Under the ASR agreement, the Company purchased approximately 1.7
million shares of its common stock from a financial institution at an initial price of 29.53 per
share. The financial institution borrowed these shares from third parties. Total consideration
paid to the financial institution at initial settlement to repurchase these shares, including
commissions and other fees, was approximately 50.2 million and was recorded in shareholders 
equity as a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital.

The price adjustment period under the ASR terminated in August 2008. During the term of the
ASR, the financial institution purchased shares of the Company s common stock in the open market to
settle its obligation related to shares borrowed from third parties and sold to the Company. The
Company was required to remit a final settlement adjustment of 11.9 million based on an average of
the reported daily volume weighted average price of its common stock during the term of the ASR.
The final settlement adjustment was remitted in cash and was recorded in shareholders equity as a
reduction of additional paid-in capital.

Pursuant to the share repurchase authorization and in accordance with the terms of a plan to
repurchase shares announced on September 8, 2008, the Company acquired 252,400 shares of its common
stock in open-market transactions at an average price of about 28.00 per share, resulting in total
repurchases of approximately 7.1 million, including commissions and fees, from October 1, 2008 to
October 29, 2008. On October 29, 2008, in light of the volatility in the financial and credit
markets, the board of directors terminated the share repurchase plan.

15. Equity Compensation Plan 

The Company has an equity compensation plan (the Plan that initially provided for the
delivery of up to 3.6 million shares pursuant to various market and performance-based incentive
awards. Another 0.4 million shares were authorized in April 2009. As of December 31, 2009, there
are 1.3 million shares available for future awards. The Company s policy is to issue new shares to
satisfy share option exercises.

Revisions were made to the plan in 2009 which allow awards of restricted share units to be
granted to executives and other key employees. One-half of these restricted share unit awards will
vest three to four years after the grant date. In 2009, 312,061 restricted share units were
granted under the plan with a fair value at the grant date of 5.8 million or 18.73 per share.
Compensation expense related to the restricted share units is recorded over the vesting period, and
amounted to 0.9 million in 2009. The related income tax benefit was 0.3 million.

A summary of the restricted share units activity during the year ended December 31, 2009, is
presented below.

Weighted-Average 

Grant Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

Nonvested at January 1, 2009

Granted

312,061 

18.73 

Forfeited

(23,222) 

18.73 

Nonvested at December 31, 2009

288,839 

18.73 

84 

Table of Contents 

Under the terms of the Plan, performance share awards were granted to executives and
other key employees during 2008 and 2007. Each grant will vest if the Company achieves specific
financial objectives at the end of a three-year performance period. Additional shares may be
awarded if objectives
are exceeded, but some or all shares may be forfeited if objectives are not met. Performance
shares earned at the end of a performance period, if any, will be paid in actual shares of Company
common stock, less the number of shares equal in value to applicable withholding taxes if the
employee chooses. During the performance period, a grantee receives dividend equivalents accrued
in cash (if any), and shares are forfeited if a grantee terminates employment.

A summary of the performance share activity during the year ended December 31, 2009, is
presented below. The number of performance share awards shown in the table below represents the
maximum number that could be issued.

Weighted-Average 

Grant Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

Nonvested at January 1, 2009

486,094 

32.73 

Vested

(77,989) 

36.69 

Forfeited

(44,057) 

32.72 

Achievement level adjustment

(73,938) 

36.69 

Nonvested at December 31, 2009

290,110 

30.66 

The performance share awards granted had a fair value, which approximated market value,
at the grant date of 5.5 million and 5.0 million or 30.66 and 36.69 per share in 2008 and 2007,
respectively. Compensation expense related to the performance shares is recorded over the
applicable performance period and amounted to 0.3 million, 3.1 million and 4.8 million in 2009,
2008 and 2007, respectively. The related income tax benefit was 0.1 million, 1.2 million and
 1.8 million, respectively. The 2007 performance share awards vested as of December 31, 2009 and
were paid in February 2010.

As of December 31, 2009, there was 0.2 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to
nonvested performance share awards that is expected to be recognized in 2010.

Non-qualified and incentive stock options were granted in 2008, 2003 and 2002. No stock
option has a term exceeding 10 years from the date of grant. All stock options were granted at not
less than 100 of fair market value (as defined) on the date of grant. Compensation expense
related to the stock options amounted to 0.4 million and 0.3 million in 2009 and 2008,
respectively, with a related income tax benefit of 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively. As
of December 31, 2009, there was 0.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested
stock options that is expected to be recognized over a period of less than two years.

The following table provides certain information with respect to stock options as of December
31, 2009:

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Range of 
 
 Stock Options 

Stock Options 

Average 

Remaining 

Exercise Price 
 
 Outstanding 

Exercisable 

Exercise Price 

Contractual Life 

Under 20.00

356,923 

356,923 

5.29 

2.20 years 

Over 20.00

100,000 

33,000 

34.55 

8.29 years 

Total

456,923 

389,923 

11.70 

3.54 years 

85 

Table of Contents 

The Company determines the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing formula. Key inputs into this formula include expected term, expected volatility,
expected dividend yield
and the risk-free interest rate. Each assumption is discussed below. This fair value is
amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.

The expected term represents the period that the Company s stock options are expected to be
outstanding, and is determined based on historical experience of similar awards, giving
consideration to contractual terms of the awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future
employee behavior. The fair value of stock options reflects a volatility factor calculated using
historical market data for the Company s common stock. The time frame used was approximately three
years prior to the grant date for awards in 2008. The dividend assumption is based on the
Company s current expectations about its dividend policy. The Company bases the risk-free interest
rate on the yield to maturity at the time of the stock option grant on zero-coupon U.S. government
bonds having a remaining life equal to the option s expected life. When estimating forfeitures,
the Company considers voluntary termination behavior as well as analysis of actual option
forfeitures.

The option awards issued in 2008 had a fair value of 12.85 per share at their grant date.
The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the 2008 option awards:

Average expected term

6 years 

Expected volatility

33.0 

Risk-free interest rate

2.8 

Expected dividend yield

0.0 

A summary of option activity under the Plan as of December 31, 2009, and changes during the
year then ended, is presented below:

Share 

Weighted 

Options 

Average 

Outstanding 

Exercise Price 

Balance at December 31, 2008

681,374 

9.35 

Exercised

(224,451) 

4.56 

Balance at December 31, 2009

456,923 

11.70 

As of December 31, 2009, the aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding and exercisable
shares was 6.7 million and 7.2 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options
exercised during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, was 4.9 million, 2.7 million
and 8.3 million, respectively.

All outstanding share options granted in 2003 and 2002 were fully vested by December 31, 2006
and 33,000 of the share options granted in 2008 have vested. The total fair value of share options
vested during the year ended December 31, 2009 was 1.1 million.

Consideration received from option exercises under the Plan for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007 was 0.9 million, 0.4 million and 1.1 million, respectively. The tax benefit
realized for the tax deductions from option exercises totaled 0.5 million, 0.7 million and 2.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

86 

Table of Contents 

Restricted stock, with restriction periods ranging from one to six years from the initial
grant date of 2,500 shares and 133,103 shares were issued in 2009 and 2008, respectively.
Compensation expense related to all restricted shares of 1.1 million and 1.0 million in 2009 and
2008, respectively, is based upon the market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of
the grant and is amortized over
the applicable restriction period using the straight-line method. All restricted stock awards
were nonvested at the end of the year with a weighted-average grant date fair value of 32.37 per
share. As of December 31, 2009, there was 2.3 million of unrecognized compensation cost related
to restricted stock that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years.

A summary of restricted stock activity during the year ended December 31, 2009, is presented
below.

Weighted-Average 

Grant Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

Nonvested at January 1, 2009

133,103 

32.57 

Granted

2,500 

21.46 

Nonvested at December 31, 2009

135,603 

32.37 

Each non-employee director receives a one-time initial grant of phantom shares equal in
value to 30,000 upon election to the board of directors. Each non-employee director also receives
an annual grant of phantom shares equal in value to 75,000, beginning in the year following the
director s election to the board of directors and continuing through the tenth year of service as a
director. The Company will pay each non-employee director in cash the fair market value of certain
of the director s phantom shares granted, subject to applicable withholding taxes, upon termination
of service as a member of the board of directors. The remaining phantom shares granted will be
paid out in the form of one share of Company common stock for each phantom share, with the value of
any fractional phantom shares paid in cash. Expense (income) recognized in the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 related to these phantom share grants was 1.0 million, (0.1)
million and 0.1 million, respectively. Cash payments of 0.4 million were used to settle phantom
shares during 2007.

16. Business Segment Information 

The Company has three reportable segments. The Sealing Products segment manufactures sealing
products, heavy-duty wheel end components, polytetrafluoroethylene PTFE products and rubber
products. The Engineered Products segment manufactures self-lubricating, non-rolling bearing
products, aluminum blocks for hydraulic applications and compressor components. The Engine
Products and Services segment manufactures and services heavy-duty, medium-speed diesel, natural
gas and dual fuel reciprocating engines. The Company s reportable segments are managed separately
based on differences in their products and services and their end-customers. Segment profit is
total segment revenue reduced by operating expenses and restructuring and other costs identifiable
with the segment. Corporate expenses include general corporate administrative costs. Expenses not
directly attributable to the segments, corporate expenses, net interest expense, asbestos-related
expenses, gains/losses related to the sale of assets, impairments and income taxes are not included
in the computation of segment profit. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the
same as those for the Company.

During 2009, the Company modified the methodology for allocating certain corporate expenses
that specifically related to the operating segments. For comparability purposes, segment profits
in 2008 and 2007 have been adjusted to be consistent with the new expense allocation used by
management to evaluate segment performance.

87 

Table of Contents 

Segment operating results and other financial data for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008
and 2007, are as follows:

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Sales

Sealing Products

399.4 

503.5 

457.3 

Engineered Products

238.3 

350.0 

289.4 

Engine Products and Services

166.7 

142.1 

128.1 

804.4 

995.6 

874.8 

Intersegment sales

(1.4) 

(1.8) 

(1.0) 

Total sales

803.0 

993.8 

873.8 

Segment Profit

Sealing Products

55.8 

87.0 

74.0 

Engineered Products

(13.3) 

38.5 

39.1 

Engine Products and Services

30.5 

20.2 

14.6 

Total segment profit

73.0 

145.7 

127.7 

Corporate expenses

(28.9) 

(27.4) 

(26.0) 

Asbestos-related expenses

(135.5) 

(52.1) 

(68.4) 

Goodwill impairment charge

(113.1) 

Interest expense, net

(11.4) 

(10.0) 

(4.2) 

Other income (expense), net

17.7 

(6.6) 

(2.6) 

Income (loss) from
continuing operations before
income taxes

(198.2) 

49.6 

26.5 

No customer accounted for 10 or more of net sales in 2009, 2008 or 2007.

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Capital Expenditures 

Sealing Products

11.2 

24.8 

27.4 

Engineered Products

7.7 

16.1 

13.1 

Engine Products and Services

3.0 

3.7 

2.2 

Corporate

0.2 

0.2 

0.4 

Total capital expenditures

22.1 

44.8 

43.1 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Sealing Products 

16.9 

15.9 

14.8 

Engineered Products

19.0 

19.6 

16.4 

Engine Products and Services

3.8 

3.9 

4.0 

Corporate

0.6 

0.7 

0.8 

Total depreciation and amortization

40.3 

40.1 

36.0 

Net Sales by Geographic Area 

United States

421.0 

474.2 

441.6 

Europe

224.7 

329.3 

277.4 

Other foreign

157.3 

190.3 

154.8 

Total

803.0 

993.8 

873.8 

Net sales are attributed to countries based on location of the customer.

88 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Assets 

Sealing Products

321.1 

291.4 

Engineered Products

314.1 

414.6 

Engine Products and Services

87.9 

72.4 

Corporate

440.6 

482.2 

Discontinued operations

57.5 

73.2 

1,221.2 

1,333.8 

Long-Lived Assets 

United States

251.3 

243.6 

Germany

13.4 

71.9 

France

52.6 

69.2 

United Kingdom

57.9 

47.8 

Other foreign

51.9 

63.4 

Total

427.1 

495.9 

Corporate assets include all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, asbestos
insurance receivables and long-term deferred income taxes. Long-lived assets consist of property,
plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets.

17. Commitments and Contingencies 

General 

Various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings, all arising in the ordinary course of
business with respect to commercial, product liability, asbestos and environmental matters, are
pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries and seek monetary damages and/or
other remedies. The Company believes that any liability that may finally be determined with
respect to commercial and non-asbestos product liability claims should not have a material effect
on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. From time
to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are also involved as plaintiffs in legal proceedings
involving contract, patent protection, environmental, insurance and other matters.

Environmental 

The Company s facilities and operations are subject to federal, state and local environmental
and occupational health and safety requirements of the U.S. and foreign countries. The Company
takes a proactive approach in its efforts to comply with environmental, health and safety laws as
they relate to its manufacturing operations and in proposing and implementing any remedial plans
that may be necessary. The Company also regularly conducts comprehensive environmental, health and
safety audits at its facilities to maintain compliance and improve operational efficiency.

Although the Company believes past operations were in substantial compliance with the then
applicable regulations, the Company or one of its subsidiaries has been named as a potentially
responsible party or is otherwise involved at 20 sites where the costs to it are expected to exceed
 100,000. Investigations have been completed for 16 sites and are in progress at the other four
sites. The majority of these sites relate to remediation projects at former operating facilities
that were sold or closed and primarily deal with soil and groundwater contamination.

89 

Table of Contents 

The Company s policy is to accrue environmental investigation and remediation costs when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The
measurement of the liability is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to
each individual situation and takes into consideration factors such as existing technology,
presently enacted laws and regulations and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites.
Liabilities are established for all sites based on the factors discussed above. As assessments and
remediation progress at individual sites,
these liabilities are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical data
and legal information. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, EnPro had accrued liabilities of 20.5
million and 22.1 million, respectively, for estimated future expenditures relating to
environmental contingencies. The amounts recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements have
been recorded on an undiscounted basis.

The Company believes that its reserves for environmental contingencies are adequate based on
currently available information. Actual costs to be incurred for identified situations in future
periods may vary from estimates because of the inherent uncertainties in evaluating environmental
exposures due to unknown conditions, changing government regulations and legal standards regarding
liability. Subject to the imprecision in estimating future environmental costs, the Company
believes that maintaining compliance with current environmental laws and government regulations
will not require significant capital expenditures or have a material adverse effect on its
financial condition, but could be material to its results of operations or cash flows in a given
period.

Colt Firearms and Central Moloney 

The Company has contingent liabilities related to divested businesses for which certain of its
subsidiaries retained liability or are obligated under indemnity agreements. These contingent
liabilities include, but are not limited to, potential product liability and associated claims
related to firearms manufactured prior to 1990 by Colt Firearms, a former operation of Coltec, and
for electrical transformers manufactured prior to 1994 by Central Moloney, another former Coltec
operation. The Company also has ongoing obligations, which are included in retained liabilities of
previously owned businesses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with regard to workers 
compensation, retiree medical and other retiree benefit matters that relate to the Company s
periods of ownership of these operations.

Crucible Materials Corporation 

Crucible, which is engaged primarily in the manufacture and distribution of high technology
specialty metal products, was a wholly owned subsidiary of Coltec until 1985 when a majority of the
outstanding shares were sold. Coltec divested its remaining minority interest in 2004. Crucible
filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in May 2009.

In conjunction with the closure of a Crucible plant in the early 1980s, Coltec was required to
fund two trusts for retiree medical benefits for union employees at the plant. The first trust
(the Benefits Trust pays for these retiree medical benefits on an ongoing basis. Coltec has no
ownership interest in the Benefits Trust, and thus the assets and liabilities of this trust are not
included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under the terms of the Benefits Trust
agreement, the trustees retained an actuary to assess the adequacy of the assets in the Benefits
Trust in 1995 and 2005. A third, and final, report will be required in 2015. The actuarial
reports in 1995 and 2005 determined that there were adequate assets to fund the payment of future
benefits. If it is determined in 2015 that the Benefits Trust assets are not adequate to fund the
payment of future medical benefits, the Back-Up Trust (discussed below) will be required to
contribute additional amounts to the Benefits Trust. In the event there are ever excess assets in
the Benefits Trust, those excess assets will not revert to Coltec.

90 

Table of Contents 

Because of the possibility there could be insufficient funds in the Benefits Trust, Coltec was
required to establish and make a contribution to a second trust (the Back-Up Trust ). The trust
assets of the Back-Up Trust are reflected in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets in other
long-term assets and amounted to 18.7 million at December 31, 2009. As noted above, based on the
valuation completed in early 2005, an actuary determined there were adequate assets in the Benefits
Trust to fund the estimated payments from the trust until the final valuation date in 2015. If
there is no payment required or the amount of the payment is less than the value of the assets in
the Back-Up Trust, the remaining
assets of the Back-Up Trust will revert to the Company. During 2009, the Company received
 4.9 million in cash from the Back-Up Trust.

In 2009, the Company recorded income in connection with a reassessment of the potential
liability related to the above-described retiree medical benefits. A recent actuarial analysis
determined that the potential liability for any shortfalls in the Benefits Trust is significantly
less than the amount previously accrued and held in the Back-Up Trust as security. As a result,
the Company reduced the potential liability by 19.2 million. The remaining potential liability of
 3.8 million is recorded in other liabilities at December 31, 2009.

The Company also has ongoing obligations, which are included in other liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets, including workers compensation, retiree medical and other retiree
benefit matters, in addition to those mentioned previously, that relate to the Company s period of
ownership of this operation.

Debt and Capital Lease Guarantees 

As of December 31, 2009, the Company had contingent liabilities for potential payments on
guarantees of certain debt and lease obligations totaling 0.6 million arising from the divestiture
of Crucible, and matures in 2010. In the event that Crucible, or a successor to its interests,
does not fulfill their obligations under the agreements, the Company could be responsible for their
payment. There is no liability for this guarantee reflected in the Company s Consolidated Balance
Sheets because the Company believes that it will not be required to make payments on this
obligation. The federal court overseeing the Crucible Chapter 11 bankruptcy ordered that the
proceeds from a scheduled asset sale be applied to settle the related debt and lease obligations,
which account for most of this guaranteed obligation.

Other Contingent Liability Matters 

The Company provides warranties on many of its products. The specific terms and conditions of
these warranties vary depending on the product and the market in which the product is sold. The
Company records a liability based upon estimates of the costs that may be incurred under its
warranties after a review of historical warranty experience and information about specific warranty
claims. Adjustments are made to the liability as claims data and historical experience warrant.

Changes in the carrying amount of the product warranty liability for the years ended December
31, 2009 and 2008, are as follows:

2009 

2008 

(in millions) 

Balance at beginning of year

2.4 

2.3 

Charges to expense

2.1 

1.6 

Charges to the accrual

(0.9) 

(1.5) 

Balance at end of year

3.6 

2.4 

91 

Table of Contents 

Asbestos 

History . Certain of the Company s subsidiaries, primarily Garlock Sealing
Technologies LLC Garlock and The Anchor Packing Company Anchor ), are among a large number of
defendants in actions filed in various states by plaintiffs alleging injury or death as a result of
exposure to asbestos fibers. Among the many products at issue in these actions are industrial
sealing products, including gaskets and packing products. The damages claimed vary from action to
action, and in some cases plaintiffs seek both compensatory and punitive damages. To date, neither
Garlock nor Anchor has been
required to pay any punitive damage awards, although there can be no assurance that they will
not be required to do so in the future. Liability for compensatory damages has historically been
allocated among responsible defendants. Since the first asbestos-related lawsuits were filed
against Garlock in 1975, Garlock and Anchor have processed more than 900,000 asbestos claims to
conclusion (including judgments, settlements and dismissals) and, together with their insurers,
have paid over 1.4 billion in settlements and judgments and over 400 million in fees and
expenses.

Claims Mix . Of those claims resolved, approximately 3 have been claims of plaintiffs
alleging the disease mesothelioma, approximately 7 have been claims of plaintiffs with lung or
other cancers, and approximately 90 have been claims of plaintiffs alleging asbestosis, pleural
plaques or other non-malignant impairment of the respiratory system. The mix of cases filed in
2009 contains approximately 31 mesothelioma claims and 17 lung or other cancer claims. In the
remaining 52 of the new cases, either the plaintiffs alleged non-malignant impairment or the
disease or condition is not alleged and remains unknown to us. Of the 97,400 open cases at
December 31, 2009, the Company is aware of approximately 5,200 (5.3 that involve claimants
alleging mesothelioma.

New Filings . The number of new actions filed against the Company s subsidiaries in
2009 (4,400) was about 20 lower than the number filed in 2008 (5,500) and 2007 (5,200). The
number filed against our subsidiaries in each of the three years was much lower than the number
filed in the peak filing year, 2003, when 44,700 new claims were filed. The trend of declining new
filings has been principally in non-malignant claims, but there has also been a fairly significant
decline in claims alleging lung and other cancers excluding mesothelioma. The number of new
filings of claims alleging mesothelioma has declined only modestly since 2005, actually increased
from 2007 to 2008 and, it appears, increased again in 2009. The current number of known
mesothelioma filings in 2009 is essentially equal to the number filed in 2008, but because the
disease alleged is not yet known in about 12 of the new claims filed, the 2009 number could
increase further. Factors in the overall decline include, but are not limited to, tort reform in
some high profile states, especially Mississippi, Texas and Ohio; tort reform in Florida, Georgia,
South Carolina, Kansas and Tennessee; actions taken and rulings by some judges and court
administrators that have had the effect of limiting access to their courts for claimants without
sufficient ties to the jurisdiction or claimants with no discernible disease; acceleration of
claims into past years; and declining incidence of asbestos-related disease.

Product Defenses . The asbestos in products formerly sold by Garlock and Anchor was
encapsulated, which means the asbestos fibers were incorporated into the products during the
manufacturing process and sealed in a binder. The products were also nonfriable, which means they
could not be crumbled by hand pressure. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
which began generally requiring warnings on asbestos-containing products in 1972, has never
required that a warning be placed on products such as Garlock s gaskets. Even though no warning
label was required, Garlock included one on all of its asbestos-containing products beginning in
1978. Further, gaskets such as those previously manufactured and sold by Garlock are among the few
asbestos-containing products still permitted to be manufactured under regulations of the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency. Nevertheless, Garlock discontinued all manufacture and
distribution of asbestos-containing products in the U.S. during 2000 and worldwide in mid-2001.
From the mid-1980s until 2000, U.S. sales of asbestos-containing industrial sealing products were
not a material part of Garlock s sales

92 

Table of Contents 

and were predominantly to sophisticated purchasers such as the U.S. Navy and large
petrochemical facilities.

Recent Trial Results . In 2009, Garlock began sixteen trials involving eighteen
plaintiffs. Garlock prevailed in six mesothelioma trials, receiving defense verdicts in its favor
from three juries, in South Carolina, Kentucky and Pennsylvania, dismissals in its favor from
judges in California and Pennsylvania trials, and a 0 share (after set-offs) of a 700,000 jury
verdict in a second South Carolina mesothelioma case. Adverse verdicts were rendered against
Garlock in two mesothelioma cases: a second Kentucky case, where the jury awarded the plaintiff
 2.1 million and Garlock s share was 525,000; and a New York City case, where the jury awarded the
plaintiff 8 million and Garlock s apportioned 2 share was 160,000. Garlock has since settled
the New York case, and the Kentucky verdict has been appealed. The remaining eight lawsuits in
which Garlock began trial involved 10 plaintiffs in Pennsylvania, New York, Massachusetts and
Florida. All of them settled during trial before the juries reached a verdict. One of the
settlements resolved a Philadelphia trial involving two mesothelioma plaintiffs. The lawsuit was
tried under Philadelphia s reverse bifurcation process. In reverse bifurcation, the jury
assesses damages in the first phase and then considers liability in a second phase. In phase 1,
the Philadelphia jury determined that each plaintiff had suffered 8.5 million in damages. During
phase 2, before the jury determined the liability of specific defendants and apportioned the
liability among them, Garlock resolved both cases as part of a settlement of several hundred
claims.

In 2008, Garlock began eleven trials involving thirteen plaintiffs. Garlock prevailed at
trial in four cases involving five plaintiffs. Garlock received three jury verdicts in its favor,
one in an Ohio case and two in a Pennsylvania trial involving two plaintiffs. A lawsuit in
California was dismissed during trial. In South Carolina, Garlock obtained a dismissal in one case
during trial because there was insufficient evidence of exposure to Garlock products. Juries
returned verdicts against Garlock in three trials. In a Kentucky lung cancer case, the jury
awarded the plaintiff 1.52 million. Garlock s share of this verdict was approximately 682,000;
Garlock appealed. In a Pennsylvania lung cancer case the jury awarded the plaintiff 400,000.
Garlock s share was 200,000 and it paid that verdict in the first quarter of 2009. In an Illinois
asbestosis case, the jury awarded 500,000 against Garlock. Garlock has appealed. Also in
Pennsylvania, four lawsuits involving five plaintiffs settled during trial before the jury reached
a verdict.

In 2007, Garlock began nine trials involving twelve plaintiffs. A Massachusetts jury returned
a defense verdict in favor of Garlock. In a Kentucky case, the jury awarded the plaintiff 145,000
against Garlock. Garlock appealed. Four lawsuits in Pennsylvania settled during trial before the
juries had reached a verdict. Garlock also settled cases during trial in Louisiana, Maryland and
Washington.

Appeals . Garlock has historically enjoyed success in a majority of its appeals. The
Company believes that Garlock will continue to be successful in the appellate process, although
there can be no assurance of success in any particular pending or future appeal. In June 2007, the
New York Court of Appeals, in a unanimous decision, overturned an 800,000 verdict that was entered
against Garlock in 2004, granting a new trial. At December 31, 2009, five Garlock appeals were
pending from adverse verdicts totaling 2.7 million, up from 2.2 million at December 31, 2008 and
 1.4 million at December 31, 2007.

In some cases, appeals require the provision of security in the form of appeal bonds,
potentially in amounts greater than the verdicts. The Company is required to provide cash
collateral or letters of credit to secure the full amount of the bonds, which can restrict the use
of a significant amount of the Company s cash for the periods of such appeals. At December 31,
2009, the Company had approximately 3.3 million of appeal bonds secured by letters of credit
rather than cash collateral. This amount securing appeal bonds compares to 1.7 million at
December 31, 2008 and 1.1 million at

93 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2007. In 2007, the cash collateral relating to appeal bonds was recorded as
restricted cash on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Settlements . Garlock settles and disposes of actions on a regular basis. Garlock s
historical settlement strategy was to settle only cases in advanced stages of litigation. In 1999
and 2000, however, Garlock employed a more aggressive settlement strategy. The purpose of this
strategy was to achieve a permanent reduction in the number of overall asbestos claims through the
settlement of a large number of claims, including some early-stage claims and some claims not yet
filed as lawsuits. Due to this short-term aggressive settlement strategy and a significant overall
increase in claims filings, the settlement amounts paid in those years and several subsequent years
were greater than the amounts paid in any year prior to 1999. In 2001, Garlock resumed its
historical settlement strategy and focused on reducing settlement payments to match insurance
recoveries. As a result, Garlock reduced new settlement payments from 143 million in 2001 to 120
million in 2002 and 107 million in 2003. New settlement payments continued to decline in 2007
through 2009, totaling 88 million in 2007, 83 million in 2008 and 79 million in 2009.

Settlements are made without any admission of liability. Settlement amounts vary depending
upon a number of factors, including the jurisdiction where the action was brought, the nature and
extent of the disease alleged and the associated medical evidence, the age and occupation of the
plaintiff, the presence or absence of other possible causes of the plaintiff s alleged illness,
alternative sources of payment available to the plaintiff, the availability of legal defenses, and
whether the action is an individual one or part of a group.

Before any payment on a settled claim is made, the claimant is required to submit a medical
report acceptable to Garlock substantiating the asbestos-related illness and meeting specific
criteria of disability. In addition, sworn testimony or other evidence that the claimant worked
with or around Garlock asbestos-containing products is required. The claimant is also required to
sign a full and unconditional release of Garlock, its subsidiaries, parent, officers, directors,
affiliates and related parties from any liability for asbestos-related injuries or claims.

Status of Anchor . Anchor is an inactive and insolvent indirect subsidiary of Coltec.
There is no remaining insurance coverage available to Anchor. Anchor has no remaining assets and
has not committed to settle any actions since 1998. As cases reach the trial stage, Anchor is
typically dismissed without payment.

Insurance Coverage . At December 31, 2009, Garlock had available 238.6
million of insurance and trust coverage that the Company believes will be available to cover
current and future asbestos claims and certain expense payments. In addition, the Company believes
that Garlock may also recover some additional insurance from insolvent carriers over time. Garlock
collected approximately 1.0 million, 0.1 million and 1.0 million, respectively, from insolvent
carriers in 2009, 2008 and 2007. There can be no assurance that Garlock will collect any
additional insurance from insolvent carriers.

Of the 238.6 million of collectible insurance and trust assets, the Company considers 235.2
million (99 to be of high quality because (a) the insurance policies are written or guaranteed by
U.S.-based carriers whose credit rating by S P is investment grade (BBB) or better, and whose AM
Best rating is excellent (A-) or better, or (b) in the form of cash or liquid investments held in
insurance trusts resulting from commutation agreements. The Company considers 3.4 million (1 to
be of moderate quality because the insurance policies are written with various London market
carriers. Of the 238.6 million, 183.3 million is allocated to claims that have been paid by
Garlock and submitted to its insurance companies for reimbursement and the remainder is allocated
to pending and estimated future claims as described later in this section.

94 

Table of Contents 

Arrangements with Garlock s insurance carriers limit the amount of insurance proceeds that
Garlock is entitled to receive in any one year. Based on these arrangements, which include
settlement agreements in place with most of the carriers involved, the Company anticipates that
Garlock s remaining solvent insurance will be collected during the period 2010 through 2018 in
approximately the following annual amounts: 2010 67 million; 2011 39 million; 2012 30
million; 2013 24 million; 2014 through 2016 20 million per year; and 2017 and 2018 12
million per year. The Company collected approximately 70 million of insurance in 2009.

During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Company reached an agreement with a significant group
of related U.S. insurers. These insurers had withheld payments pending resolution of a dispute.
The agreement provides for the payment of the full amount of the insurance policies 194 million)
in various annual payments to be made from 2007 through 2018. Under the agreement, Garlock
received 20 million in 2009 and 2008 and 22 million in 2007 and is scheduled to receive another
 132 million in the future. The 132 million is included in the 238.6 million of remaining
coverage available to pay current and future Garlock asbestos-related claims and expenses.

In May 2006, the Company reached agreement with a U.S. insurer that resolved two lawsuits and
an arbitration proceeding. Pursuant to the settlement, Garlock received 3 million in 2009, 2008
and 2007 and 4 million in 2006 and is scheduled to receive another 8 million in the future. The
 8 million is included in the 238.6 million of remaining coverage available to pay current and
future Garlock asbestos-related claims and expenses.

In the second quarter of 2004, the Company reached agreement with Equitas, the London-based
entity responsible for the pre-1993 Lloyds of London policies in the Company s insurance block,
concerning settlement of its exposure to the Company s subsidiaries asbestos claims. As a result
of the settlement, 88 million was placed in an independent trust. In the fourth quarter of 2004,
the Company reached agreement with a group of London market carriers (other than Equitas) and one
of its U.S. carriers that has some policies reinsured through the London market. As a result of
the settlement, 55.5 million was placed in an independent trust. At December 31, 2009, the
aggregate market value of the funds remaining in the two trusts was 19.8 million, which is
included in the 238.6 million of remaining insurance and trust coverage available to pay current
and future Garlock asbestos-related claims and expenses.

Insurance coverage for asbestos claims is not available to cover exposures initially occurring
on and after July 1, 1984. Although Garlock and Anchor continue to be named as defendants in new
actions, only a few allege initial exposure after July 1, 1984. To date, no payments have been
made with respect to these few claims, pursuant to a settlement or otherwise. Garlock and Anchor
believe that they have substantial defenses to these claims and therefore automatically reject them
for settlement. However, there can be no assurance that any or all of these defenses will be
successful in the future.

The Company s Liability Estimate . Prior to mid-2004, the Company maintained that its
subsidiaries liability for unasserted claims was not reasonably estimable. The Company estimated
and recorded liabilities only for pending claims in advanced stages of processing, for which it
believed it had a basis for making a reasonable estimate. The Company disclosed the significance
of the total potential liability for unasserted claims in considerable detail. During 2004, the
Company authorized counsel to retain Bates White to assist in estimating the Company s
subsidiaries liability for pending and future asbestos claims.

Bates White s first report, dated February 17, 2005, provided an estimate of the liability as
of December 31, 2004 for the following ten years, which represented a time horizon within which
Bates White believed such liability was both probable and estimable within a range of values.
Bates White has updated its estimate regularly since the end of 2004.

95 

Table of Contents 

Each quarter until the fourth quarter of 2006, the Company adopted the Bates White estimate
and adjusted the liability to equal the low end of the then-current range. Until the second
quarter of 2006, the additional liability was recorded with a corresponding increase in the
Company s insurance receivable, and thus did not affect net income. During the second quarter of
2006, however, the Company s insurance was fully allocated to past, present and future claims, and
therefore subsequent changes to the Bates White estimate were recorded as charges to income.

The estimated range of potential liabilities provided by Bates White at December 31, 2009 was
 480 million to 602 million. According to Bates White, increases in the range over time have been
attributable primarily to (1) the propensity to sue Garlock, (2) an increase in settlement values
of mesothelioma claims, (3) an increase in claims filings and values in some jurisdictions, most
notably California, and (4) the delay in, and uncertain impact of, the funding and implementation
of trusts formed under Section 524(g) of the United States Bankruptcy Code to pay asbestos claims
against numerous defendants in Chapter 11 reorganization cases. The 524(g) trusts are estimated by
some, including Bates White, to have more than 20 billion dollars available for the payment of
asbestos claims, with billions more scheduled to fund new trusts in cases currently nearing
confirmation. Trust payments could have a significant impact on the Company s future settlement
payments and could therefore significantly affect its liability.

The Company has independently developed internal goals for asbestos-related liabilities. It
has used those goals for a variety of purposes, including guidance for settlement negotiations and
trial strategy, in its strategic planning, budgeting and cash flow planning processes, in setting
targets for annual and long-term incentive compensation, and in producing its own estimate of the
current and future liability. The Company s internal estimate has been and continues to be within
the Bates White range of equally likely estimates. As a result, Bates White and management believe
that the Company s internal estimate for the next ten years represents the most likely point within
the range. Accordingly, the Company s recorded liability is derived from its internal estimate.

The Company focuses on future cash flows to prepare its estimate. It makes assumptions about
future asbestos spending based on (1) past trends, (2) publicly available epidemiological data, (3)
current agreements with plaintiff firms and management s judgment about the current and future
litigation and negotiation environment, (4) the availability to claimants of other payment sources,
both co-defendants and the 524(g) trusts, (5) the Company s remaining available insurance; (6)
general developments in the asbestos litigation; and (7) the input and insight provided to the
Company by Bates White. The Company adjusts its estimate when current cash flow results and
long-term trends suggest that its targets cannot be met. As a result, the Company has a process
that it believes produces the best estimate of the future liability for the ten-year time period
within the Bates White range.

The Company currently estimates that the liability of its subsidiaries for the indemnity cost
of resolving asbestos claims for the next ten years will be 485 million. The estimated liability
of 485 million is before any tax benefit and is not discounted to present value, and it does not
include fees and expenses, which are recorded as incurred. The recorded liability will continue to
be impacted by actual claims and settlement experience and any change in the legal environment that
could cause a significant increase or decrease in the long-term expectations of management and
Bates White. The Company expects the recorded liability to fluctuate, perhaps significantly. Any
significant change in the estimated liability could have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position and results of operations.

The Company made a significant adjustment (discussed below) to its liability based on an
adjustment to its management estimate in the fourth quarter of 2009. The Company adjusted its
estimate based on trends and factors also reflected in an increase in the high and low ends of the
Bates White

96 

Table of Contents 

liability estimate. The Company s estimate continues to fall within the Bates White range,
developed independently, and the Company believes that its estimate is the best estimate within the
Bates White range of reasonable and probable estimates of Garlock s future obligation.

Bates White also indicated a broader range of potential estimates from 252 million to 698
million. The Company cautions that points within that broader range remain possible outcomes.
Also, while the Company agrees with Bates White that beyond two to four years for Garlock s
economically-driven non-malignant claims and beyond ten years for Garlock s cancer claims and
medically-driven non-malignant claims, there are reasonable scenarios in which the asbestos 
expenditure is de minimus , it cautions that the process of estimating future liabilities is highly
uncertain. Adjusting the Company s liability to the best estimate within the range does not change
that fact. In the words of the Bates White report, the reliability of estimates of future
probable expenditures of Garlock for asbestos-related personal injury claims declines significantly
for each year further into the future. Scenarios continue to exist that could result in total
future asbestos-related expenditures for Garlock in excess of 1 billion.

As previously mentioned, the liability estimate does not include legal fees and expenses,
which add considerably to the costs each year. Over the last two years, these expenses have
averaged approximately 7 million per quarter. In addition to these legal fees and expenses, the
Company expects to continue to record charges to income in future quarters for:

Increases or decreases, if any, in management s estimate of Garlock s potential
liability, plus 

Increases, if any, that result from additional quarters added to maintain the
ten-year estimation period (increases of this type have averaged approximately 6
million per quarter for the last two years), plus 

Amounts, if any, of solvent insurance lost or commuted, offset by insolvent
recoveries and earnings from insurance settlement trusts. 

In 2009, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of 135.5 million to reflect net cash outlays
of 29.3 million for legal fees and expenses paid during the year and a 106.2 million non-cash
charge. The non-cash charge included (1) 25.5 million, primarily to add an estimate of the
liability for 2019 to maintain a ten-year estimate and (2) 80.7 million resulting from an
adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2009 to management s estimate of the first nine years of the
ten-year period. Management s adjustment to its previous estimate was based on its review of
mesothelioma claims filings and trends with respect to parties named as defendants in claims,
settlement and payment trends, continued high activity in the court system, particularly in certain
jurisdictions that management believes present particularly high risks for asbestos defendants,
and, most importantly, the continuing difficulty caused by the lack of transparency in the
distribution procedures of large 524(g) trusts of former co-defendants that have emerged from
bankruptcy proceedings.

The ten-year liability projections of management and Bates White have both included an
assumption that Garlock s liability in the tort system would decrease as 524(g) trusts begin paying
the liabilities of bankrupt former co-defendants that contributed to injuries of plaintiffs who sue
Garlock. This assumption has been based on: (1) principles of joint and several liability that
caused the amount of payments to resolve asbestos claims against Garlock to increase beginning in
2000 to 2002, when the most prominent asbestos defendants sought bankruptcy protection and ceased
paying claims in the tort system; (2) the emergence, beginning in 2007 and continuing today, of
numerous wealthy 524(g) trusts, established by such bankrupt companies to pay asbestos claims
caused by their products, and (3) state law that protects defendants like Garlock from having to
pay plaintiffs damages to the extent paid by such trusts and other co-defendants. Payments from
such trusts accordingly should offset and reduce damages claims against Garlock.

97 

Table of Contents 

While 524(g) trusts have begun making substantial payments to the claimants, Garlock has not
experienced a reduction in the damages being sought from Garlock. The distribution procedures of
the 524(g) trusts do not permit Garlock and other tort-system co-defendants from having access to
claims made to the trusts or the accompanying evidence of exposure to the asbestos-containing
products addressed by such trusts.

To date, despite billions of dollars of 524(g) trust distributions, many plaintiffs continue
to seek damages from Garlock on the basis that no evidence exists permitting them to recover from
524(g) trusts. Garlock and Bates White are working on a variety of strategies to expose the
unfairness of trust distribution procedures and bring fairness to the trust payment system. Both
Bates White and management assume that Garlock will have some success in those endeavors over time,
and that assumption continues to be embedded in the Company s and Bates White s liability
estimates.

In 2008, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of 52.1 million to reflect net cash outlays of
 26.2 million for legal fees and expenses paid during the year and a 25.9 million non-cash charge.
The non-cash charge included 23.8 million, primarily to add an estimate of the liability for 2018
to maintain a ten-year estimate and 2.1 million to reduce the remaining insurance estimated to be
available from remaining policies with various London market carriers.

In 2007, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge to income of 68.4 million to reflect net cash
outlays of 25.8 million for legal fees and expenses incurred during the year, and a 42.6 million
non-cash charge. The non-cash charge included 23.2 million related to the addition of periods and
 19.4 million to adjust the liability based on revisions to management s estimate in the fourth
quarter of 2007. The Company made this adjustment based on its review of negotiations and payment
trends and its belief that it is more likely that, in the future, a higher percentage of settlement
commitments made in any year will also be paid in that same year.

Quantitative Claims and Insurance Information . The Company s liability recorded on
its books as of December 31, 2009 was 492.3 million (the Company s ten-year estimate of the
liability described above of 485.0 million plus 7.3 million of accrued legal and other fees
already incurred but not yet paid). The liability included 85.4 million classified as a current
liability and 406.9 million classified as a noncurrent liability. The recorded amounts do not
include legal fees and expenses to be incurred in the future.

As of December 31, 2009, the Company had remaining insurance and trust coverage of 238.6
million, which is reflected on its balance sheet as a receivable 67.2 million classified in
current assets and 171.4 classified in non-current assets), and which it believes will be
available for the payment of asbestos-related claims. Included in the receivable is 183.3 million
in insured claims and expenses that the Company s subsidiaries have paid out in excess of amounts
recovered from insurance. These amounts are recoverable under the terms of the Company s insurance
policies and have been billed to the insurance carriers. The Company believes the remaining 55.3
million will be available for pending and future claims.

The table below quantitatively depicts asbestos-related cash flows, the amount that the
Company expects Garlock to recover from insurance related to this liability, and an analysis of the
liability.

98 

Table of Contents 

As of and for the 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Cash Flow (dollars in millions) 

Payments (1)

(109.6) 

(109.7) 

(115.1) 

Insurance recoveries (2)

69.8 

72.7 

90.2 

Net cash flow

(39.8) 

(37.0) 

(24.9) 

Solvent Insurance and Trust Assets (dollars in millions) 

Insurance receivable for previously paid claims (3)

183.3 

228.7 

252.0 

Insurance available for pending and future claims

55.3 

78.7 

129.5 

Remaining solvent insurance and trust assets

238.6 

307.4 

381.5 

Liability Analysis (dollars in millions) 

Liability for pending and future claims (4)(5)

492.3 

465.5 

524.4 

Insurance available for pending and future claims

55.3 

78.7 

129.5 

Liability in excess of insurance coverage (5)

437.0 

386.8 

394.9 

Insurance receivable for previously paid claims

183.3 

228.7 

252.0 

Liability in excess of anticipated insurance collections (5)

253.7 

158.1 

142.9 

(1) 
 
 Includes all payments for judgments, settlements, fees and expenses made in the period. 

(2) 
 
 Includes all recoveries from insurance received in the period. 

(3) 
 
 Includes previous payments for which Garlock is entitled to receive corresponding insurance
recoveries but has not received payment, in large part due to annual limits imposed under
insurance arrangements. 

(4) 
 
 The liability represents management s best estimate of the future payments for the following
ten-year period. Amounts shown include 7.3 million, 6.8 million and 5.4 million at
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, of accrued fees and expenses for services
previously rendered but unpaid. 

(5) 
 
 Does not include fees and expenses to be incurred in the future, which are recorded as a
charge to income when incurred. 

Other Commitments 

The Company has a number of operating leases primarily for real estate, equipment and
vehicles. Operating lease arrangements are generally utilized to secure the use of assets if the
terms and conditions of the lease or the nature of the asset makes the lease arrangement more
favorable than a purchase. Future minimum lease payments by year and in the aggregate, under
noncancelable operating leases with initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one
year, consisted of the following at December 31, 2009:

(in millions) 

2010

11.3 

2011

10.3 

2012

8.8 

2013

7.8 

2014

6.6 

Thereafter

12.4 

Total minimum payments

57.2 

99 

Table of Contents 

Net rent expense was 13.6 million, 14.2 million and 11.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

18. Subsequent Event 

On March 1, 2010, the Company completed the previously announced sale of its Quincy Compressor
business unit, other than the equity interests in Kunshan Q-Tech Air Systems Technologies Ltd., its
operation in China Q-Tech ), pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated as of December 18, 2009 (the
 Purchase Agreement with Fulcrum Acquisition LLC and Atlas Copco (China) Investment Company Ltd.,
subsidiaries of Atlas Copco AB (the Buyers ). Completion of the sale to the Buyers of 100 of the
equity interests in Q-Tech is pending receipt of necessary regulatory authorizations in China. The
aggregate base purchase price for the assets sold on March 1, 2010 was approximately 184.2 million
in cash and the assumption of certain liabilities of the Quincy Compressor business unit, and an
additional approximately 5.8 million is payable in cash upon the closing of the sale of Q-Tech (or
at December 18, 2010 if the sale of Q-Tech is not completed by that date). In each case, the
purchase price is subject to adjustment based on the closing date amount of specified assets
transferred and liabilities assumed as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. In addition, pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company retained, and has agreed to indemnify the Buyers from,
certain liabilities, including liabilities related to asbestos claims and specified environmental
liabilities, union pension and existing retiree benefit liabilities, and governmental actions and
specified legal proceedings.

100 

Table of Contents 

19. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

First Quarter (1) 

Second Quarter (1) 

Third Quarter (1) 

Fourth Quarter (1) 

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

Net sales

185.1 

243.0 

205.3 

273.2 

189.4 

236.1 

223.2 

241.5 

Gross profit

64.2 

90.7 

68.3 

102.2 

66.7 

87.5 

80.0 

78.0 

Income (loss) from continuing
operations

1.1 

7.1 

(106.4) 

16.1 

1.0 

7.9 

(39.3) 

1.7 

Income from discontinued
operations

2.1 

5.4 

0.7 

4.3 

0.8 

4.5 

0.7 

3.6 

Net income (loss)

3.2 

12.5 

(105.7) 

20.4 

1.8 

12.4 

(38.6) 

5.3 

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

0.06 

0.34 

(5.33) 

0.80 

0.05 

0.40 

(1.96) 

0.09 

Discontinued operations

0.10 

0.25 

0.03 

0.22 

0.04 

0.22 

0.03 

0.18 

Net income (loss) per share

0.16 

0.59 

(5.30) 

1.02 

0.09 

0.62 

(1.93) 

0.27 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

0.06 

0.33 

(5.33) 

0.76 

0.05 

0.38 

(1.96) 

0.08 

Discontinued operations

0.10 

0.25 

0.03 

0.20 

0.04 

0.21 

0.03 

0.18 

Net income (loss) per share

0.16 

0.58 

(5.30) 

0.96 

0.09 

0.59 

(1.93) 

0.26 

(1) 
 
 The historical amounts presented above have been adjusted to present the Company s Quincy
Compressor business unit as a discontinued operation. In December 2009, the Company entered into
an agreement to effect the sale of its Quincy Compressor business unit. The results have
also been adjusted to reflect the retrospective application of new accounting rules for
certain convertible debt instruments as required in the transition guidance. 

101 

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
(In millions) 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Balance, 

Beginning 

Charge 

Write-off of 

Balance, 

of Year 

to Expense 

Receivables 

Other (1) 

End of Year 

2009

4.6 

1.0 

(1.6) 

0.2 

4.2 

2008

3.5 

1.6 

(0.7) 

0.2 

4.6 

2007

2.7 

0.7 

(0.5) 

0.6 

3.5 

(1) 
 
 Consists primarily of the effect of changes in currency rates. 

102 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 g22340exv10w9.htm
 EX-10.9

exv10w9 

Exhibit 10.9 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2002 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 

RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 

GRANTED TO 

GRANT DATE 

NUMBER OF UNITS 

This Restricted Share Units Award Agreement, including all Exhibits hereto (the Agreement ), is
made between EnPro Industries, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ), and you, an
employee of the Company or one of its subsidiaries.

The Company sponsors the EnPro Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Equity Compensation Plan
(the Plan ). A prospectus describing the Plan is enclosed as Exhibit A. The Plan itself is
available upon request, and its terms and provisions are incorporated herein by reference. When
used herein, the terms which are defined in the Plan shall have the meanings given to them in the
Plan, as modified herein (if applicable).

In recognition of the value of your contribution to the Company, you and the Company mutually
covenant and agree as follows:

1. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company awards to you
the number of Restricted Share Units shown above (the Units ). 

2. 
 
 You acknowledge having read the Prospectus and agree to be bound by all the terms and
conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 

3. 
 
 The Units are issued pursuant to this Agreement and shall vest on the date(s) shown on the
enclosed Exhibit B. You shall not have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the Units or
any interest therein. 

4. 
 
 You shall have no right to vote any of the Units with respect to any matter presented for a
vote of the holders of the Company s Common Stock and, with respect to the Units, you shall
not be entitled to receive any dividends on the Company s Common Stock when such dividends are
paid. 

5. 
 
 Upon the vesting of Units, you shall be entitled to receive from the Company one share of
Common Stock plus a cash payment equal to the aggregate amount of cash dividends paid with
respect to one share of Common Stock from the Grant Date to and including the date of vesting
(the Vesting Date ). 

6. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that upon your termination of employment with the Company and its
subsidiaries prior to the Units becoming vested in accordance with paragraph 3 and Exhibit B
of this Agreement or otherwise in accordance with the Plan, your right to receive payment on
any such unvested Units shall automatically, without further act, terminate. 

7. 
 
 You agree that you shall comply with (or provide adequate assurance as to future compliance
with) all applicable securities laws and income tax laws as determined by the Company as a
condition precedent to the payment of any amount pursuant to this Agreement. In addition, you
agree that, upon request, you will furnish a letter agreement providing that (i) you will not
distribute or resell in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, any of shares of
the Company s Common Stock delivered in payment of the Units (ii) you will indemnify and hold
the Company harmless against all liability for any such violation and (iii) you will accept
all liability for any such violation. 

8. 
 
 By executing and returning the Beneficiary Designation Form attached as Exhibit C, you may
designate a beneficiary to receive any payment to be made hereunder in the event of your death
while in service with the Company. If you do not designate a beneficiary or if your
designated beneficiary does not survive you, then your beneficiary will be your estate. 

9. 
 
 The existence of this award shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to
make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes
in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the
Company, or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks ahead of or
convertible into, or otherwise affecting the Company s Common Stock or the rights thereof, or
the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of
its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar
character or otherwise. 

10. 
 
 Any notice which either party hereto may be required or permitted to give to the other shall
be in writing and may be delivered personally, by intraoffice mail, by fax, by electronic mail
or other electronic means, or via a postal service, postage prepaid, to such electronic mail
or postal address and directed to such person as the Company may notify you from time to time;
and to you at your electronic mail or postal address as shown on the records of the Company
from time to time, or at such other electronic mail or postal address as you, by notice to the
Company, may designate in writing from time to time. 

11. 
 
 Regardless of any action the Company or your employer takes with respect to any or all income
tax, payroll tax or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that
the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items owed by you is and remains your
responsibility and that the Company and/or your employer (i) make no representations or
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of
this award, including the grant and vesting of the Units and the subsequent sale of any shares
of Common Stock delivered in payment of any Units; and (ii) do not commit to structure the
terms of the grant or any aspect of the Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for
Tax-Related Items. 

In the event the Company determines that it and/or your employer must withhold any Tax-Related
Items as a result of your participation in the Plan, you agree as a condition of the grant of
the Units to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or your employer to enable it to
satisfy all withholding requirements, including, but not limited to, withholding any applicable
Tax-Related Items from the vesting and payment of the Units. In addition, you authorize the
Company and/or your employer to fulfill its withholding obligations by all legal means,
including, but not limited to: withholding Tax-Related Items from your wages, salary or other
cash compensation your employer pays to you; withholding Tax-Related Items from the cash
proceeds, if any, received upon sale of any shares of Common Stock received in payment of Units;
and at the time of vesting, withholding shares of Common Stock to be delivered in payment of the
Units sufficient to meet minimum withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items. The Company may
refuse to deliver shares of Common Stock upon vesting of the Units if you fail to comply with
any withholding obligation. 

12. 
 
 In the event any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason,
the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, and the
Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been
included. This Agreement constitutes the final understanding between you and the Company
regarding the Units. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Units
are superseded. Subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement may only be amended by a
written instrument signed by both parties. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized
officer, and you have hereunto set your hand, all effective as of the Grant Date listed above.

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

EMPLOYEE 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

2 

EXHIBIT A 

current Plan prospectus 

EXHIBIT B 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2002 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 
RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 

Vesting of Shares 

(a) Vesting Schedule. Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below, the Units shall become
vested as follows if you remain employed with the Company and its subsidiaries through the dates
specified: one-half of the Units will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and the
remaining one-half of the Units will vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date .

(b) Termination of Employment Prior To Vesting. If your employment with the Company and its
subsidiaries terminates prior to the Vesting Date of Units, then such Units shall be forfeited;
provided, however, that the Units shall become immediately vested in the event of termination of
your employment as a result of: (i) your death or (ii) your becoming totally disabled under the
Company s Long-Term Disability Plan, and provided, further that in the event of termination of your
employment as a result of your retirement under the Company s Salaried Retirement Plan the Units
shall become immediately vested upon the earlier of the third anniversary of the Grant Date or the
date of your death, in each case in the following amounts: one-third of the Units will become
vested if your retirement occurs on or after the first anniversary of the Grant Date but before the
second anniversary of the Grant Date, two-thirds of the Units will become vested if your retirement
occurs on or after the second anniversary of the Grant Date but before the third anniversary of the
Grant Date, and all of the unvested Units will become vested if your retirement occurs on or after
the third anniversary of the Grant Date.

(c) Vesting Pursuant to the Plan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this award
shall become vested upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan).

EXHIBIT C 

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2002 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 
RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 

Beneficiary Designation Form 

Please complete this form only if you haven t already designated a beneficiary for your Units
granted under the Plan or if you wish to change your current beneficiary designation. Completed
forms should be returned to at .

GRANT DATE 

NUMBER OF UNITS 

With respect to the above described award of Units under the EnPro Industries, Inc. Amended and
Restated 2002 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ), I hereby designate the following person or
entity as my beneficiary with respect to any delivery of payment with respect to the Units in the
event of my death.

If my beneficiary named below predeceases me, any such payment will be made to my estate.

Name and Address 

Relationship 

of Beneficiary 
 
 Social Security # 
 
 to Participant 

I understand that I may change this designation at any time by executing a new form and delivering
it to the Human Resources Department. This designation supersedes any prior beneficiary designation
made by me under the Plan with respect to the Units.

Employee s Name (Please print) 

Witness:

Signature of Employee 

Date: 

Received by the Human Resources Department this ____ day of , ____. 

By: 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 g22340exv10w11.htm
 EX-10.11

exv10w11 

Exhibit 10.11 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 

(Amended and Restated as of October 27, 2009) 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
(As Amended and Restated Effective October 27, 2009) 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

2 

1.1 Account

2 

1.2 Board

2 

1.3 Change in Control

2 

1.4 Code

4 

1.5 Code Limitations

4 

1.6 Committee

4 

1.7 Company

4 

1.8 Compensation

4 

1.9 Covered Incentive Award

4 

1.10 Deferral Account

4 

1.11 Eligible Employee

4 

1.12 Employee

4 

1.13 Employer Contribution Eligible Employee

4 

1.14 Employer Contribution

4 

1.15 Employer Contribution Account

4 

1.16 Exchange Act

4 

1.17 Matching Contributions

5 

1.18 Matching Contribution Account

5 

1.19 Participant

5 

1.20 Participating Employer

5 

1.21 Plan

5 

1.22 Plan Year

5 

1.23 Potential Change in Control

5 

1.24 Savings Plan

5 

ARTICLE II PLAN ADMINISTRATION

6 

i 

Page 

2.1 Committee

6 

ARTICLE III ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

7 

3.1 Eligibility

7 

3.2 Deferral Elections

7 

3.3 Employer Contributions

7 

3.4 Account Adjustments

8 

3.5 Account Payments

9 

3.6 Withdrawals on Account of an Unforeseeable Emergency

12 

ARTICLE IV AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

13 

4.1 Amendment or Termination of Plan

13 

ARTICLE V CHANGE IN CONTROL

14 

5.1 Set Aside

14 

5.2 Vesting

14 

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

15 

6.1 Nature of Plan and Rights

15 

6.2 Termination of Employment

15 

6.3 Spendthrift Provision

15 

6.4 Employment Noncontractual

15 

6.5 Adoption by Other Participating Employers

16 

6.6 Applicable Law

16 

6.7 Compliance with Code Section 409A

16 

ii 

EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 

Statement of Purpose 

EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company maintains the EnPro Industries, Inc Deferred Compensation
Plan (the Plan to provide an opportunity to defer current compensation to enhance savings for
certain highly compensated employees. The Company established the Plan in order to provide
designated highly compensated employees with the opportunity, on a non-qualified, unfunded basis,
to defer compensation and receive employer contributions that are not available under the EnPro
Industries, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan (the Savings Plan due to the limitations imposed by the
Internal Revenue Code.

The Company is hereby amending and restating the Plan effective as of October 27, 2009 to reflect
certain design changes and to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. It is the intent
of the Company that amounts deferred under the Plan by a Participant shall not be taxable to the
Participant for income tax purposes until the time they are actually received by the Participant.
The provisions of the Plan shall be construed and interpreted to give effect to this intent.

NOW, THEREFORE, for the purposes aforesaid, the Company hereby restates the Plan effective as of
October 27, 2009 (the Restatement Date as follows:

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, when used in the Plan:

1.1 
 
 Account means, collectively, the Deferral Account, the Matching Contribution Account and
the Employer Contribution Account. 

1.2 
 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1.3 
 
 Change in Control means any of the following events: 

(a) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), of beneficial ownership (within the
meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 20 or more of either (1)
the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company
Common Stock or (2) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the
 Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the following
acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly
from the Company (other than by exercise of a conversion privilege), (B) any
acquisition by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (C) any acquisition by any
employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or (D) any acquisition by any company with respect to which,
following such acquisition, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares
of common stock of such company and the combined voting power of the then outstanding
voting securities of such company entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially
all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities
immediately prior to such acquisition in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership, solely in their capacity as shareholders of the Company, immediately prior
to such acquisition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company
Voting Securities, as the case may be; or

(b) individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent
Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided,
however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose
election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a
vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall
be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but
excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office
occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest; or

2 

(c) consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, in each case, with
respect to which all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the
beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such reorganization, merger
or consolidation, do not, following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
beneficially own, directly or indirectly, solely in their capacity as shareholders of
the Company, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common
stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the company
resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or
consolidation of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
Securities, as the case may be; or

(d) consummation of (1) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (2)
a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
other than to a company, with respect to which following such sale or other
disposition, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common
stock of such company and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
securities of such company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is
then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities, solely in their capacity as shareholders of the Company, who
were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such sale or other
disposition in substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior
to such sale or other disposition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be.

3 

1.4 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. References to the Code shall
include the valid and binding governmental regulations, court decisions and other regulatory
and judicial authority issued or rendered thereunder.

1.5 Code Limitations means any one or more of the limitations and restrictions that Sections
401(a)(17), 401(k)(3), 401(m), 402(g) and 415(c) of the Code place on the pre-tax employee
contributions and matching employer contributions of a participant in the Savings Plan. In
addition, Code Limitations also means and refers to any limits placed on the contribution
rate of a participant in the Savings Plan, including any such limits placed on highly
compensated employees established by the administrative committee under the Savings Plan.

1.6 Committee means the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board.

1.7 Company means EnPro Industries, Inc. and includes any successor thereto.

1.8 Compensation means compensation as defined under the Savings Plan without regard to the
Annual Dollar Limit (as defined in the Savings Plan).

1.9 Covered Incentive Award means, with respect to a Participant, any incentive award
payable to such Participant pursuant to any incentive compensation plan of the Company or
any Participating Employer approved for purposes of the Plan by the Committee from time to
time. Covered Incentive Awards may be payable annually, quarterly, or on such other basis as
provided by the applicable incentive plan.

1.10 Deferral Account means the account established and maintained on the books of a
Participating Employer to record a Participant s interest under the Plan attributable to
amounts credited to the Participant pursuant to Section 3.2.

1.11 Eligible Employee means an Employee designated as an Eligible Employee in accordance
with Section 3.1. Eligible Employees are eligible to defer Compensation and Covered
Incentive Awards in accordance with Section 3.2.

1.12 Employee means an individual employed by a Participating Employer.

1.13 Employer Contribution Eligible Employee means an Eligible Employee eligible to receive
an Employer 2 Contribution under Section 3.03A of the Savings Plan. Employer Contribution
Eligible Employees are eligible to receive allocations of employer 2 contributions in
accordance with Section 3.3(b).

1.14 Employer Contribution means the contributions described in Section 3.3(c).

1.15 Employer Contribution Account means the account established and maintained on the books
of a Participating Employer to record a Participant s interest under the Plan attributable
to amounts credited to the Participant pursuant to Section 3.3(b).

1.16 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

4 

1.17 Matching Contributions means the contributions described in Section 3.3(a).

1.18 Matching Contribution Account means the account established and maintained on the books
of a Participating Employer to record a Participant s interest under the Plan attributable
to amounts credited to the Participant pursuant to Section 3.3(a).

1.19 Participant means any Eligible Employee who makes an election to participate in
accordance with Section 3.2. Participant shall also include any former Eligible Employee who
continues to have an Account maintained under the Plan.

1.20 Participating Employer means (i) the Company, (ii) each other participating employer
under the Savings Plan

1.21 Plan means the EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as the same may be
amended from time to time.

1.22 Plan Year means the twelve-month period commencing January 1 and ending the following
December 31.

1.23 Potential Change in Control means any of the following events:

(a) the Company entering into an agreement, the consummation of which would result
in the occurrence of a Change in Control;

(b) the Company or any individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) publicly announcing an intention to take
actions, which if consummated, would constitute a Change in Control; or

(c) the Board in its sole and exclusive discretion determining, based on facts and
circumstances, that there is a possible Change in Control.

1.24 Savings Plan means the EnPro Industries, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan for Salaried
Employees, as the same may be amended from time to time.

5 

ARTICLE II 

PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

2.1 Committee 

The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall be empowered to
interpret the provisions of the Plan and to perform and exercise all of the duties and
powers granted to it under the terms of the Plan by action of a majority of its members in
office from time to time. The Committee may adopt such rules and regulations for the
administration of the Plan as are consistent with the terms hereof and shall keep adequate
records of its proceedings and acts. All interpretations and decisions made (both as to law
and fact) and other action taken by the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be
conclusive and binding upon all parties having or claiming to have an interest under the
Plan. Not in limitation of the foregoing, the Committee shall have the discretion to decide
any factual or interpretative issues that may arise in connection with its administration of
the Plan (including without limitation any determination as to claims for benefits
hereunder), and the Committee s exercise of such discretion shall be conclusive and binding
on all affected parties as long as it is not arbitrary or capricious. The Committee may
delegate any of its duties and powers hereunder to the extent permitted by applicable law.

6 

ARTICLE III 

ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

3.1 Eligibility 

The Committee shall designate which Employees of the Company or any other Participating
Employer shall be Eligible Employees for a given Plan Year. An Employee designated as an
Eligible Employee with respect to one Plan Year need not be designated as an Eligible
Employee for any subsequent Plan Year. The Plan is intended to limit eligibility to a
 select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

3.2 Deferral Elections 

(a) Time and Form of Elections : Elections to defer an Eligible Employee s
Compensation or Covered Incentive Awards for a Plan Year must be made on such form and
pursuant to such procedures as the Committee may establish from time to time and shall
be irrevocable for the Plan Year. The election must be made prior to the start of the
applicable Plan Year; provided, however, that an individual who first becomes an
Eligible Employee after the start of a Plan Year may make such deferral election within
30 days after first becoming an Eligible Employee solely with regard to Compensation
for services performed after such deferral election. An election to defer for a Plan
Year shall continue in effect for each subsequent Plan Year unless revoked or modified
by the Participant in accordance with procedures established by the Committee;
provided, however, that with respect to any Compensation for any subsequent Plan Year,
the election to defer becomes irrevocable no later than December 31 of the Plan Year
preceding the Plan Year in which the Compensation is earned.

(b) Deferral Elections : An Eligible Employee may elect to defer, up to 25 of the
Eligible Employee s Compensation other than Covered Incentive Awards for a Plan Year
and up to 50 of the Eligible Employee s Covered Incentive Awards for the Plan Year.

(c) Deferral Accounts : A Participating Employer shall establish and maintain on
its books a Deferral Account for each Eligible Employee employed by such Participating
Employer who elects to defer the receipt of any amount pursuant to this Section. Such
Deferral Account shall be designated by the name of the Eligible Employee for whom it
is established. The amount to be deferred under this Section for a given period shall
be credited to such Deferral Account as of the date such amount would have otherwise
been paid to the Participant but for the Participant s deferral election.

3.3 Employer Contributions 

(a) Matching Contributions: The Participating Employer shall make a matching
contribution on behalf of each Participant equal to 100 of the first 6 

7 

of Compensation the Participant defers into the Participant s Deferral Account.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Participant shall not be eligible for
Matching Contributions under this Subsection unless the Participant is receiving all
matching contributions available to the Participant under the Savings Plan.

(b) Matching Contribution Account : A Participating Employer shall establish and
maintain on its books a Matching Contribution Account for each Participant. Such
Matching Contribution Account shall be designated by the name of the Participant for
whom it is established.

(c) Employer Contributions: For each period that an Employer Contribution Eligible
Employee has Compensation in excess of the annual limitation under Code Section
401(a)(17), the Participating Employer shall make a contribution to the Employer
Contribution Eligible Employee s Employer Contribution Account equal to 100 of the
first 2 of the Employer Contribution Eligible Employee s Compensation described in the
preceding sentence.

(d) Employer Contribution Account : A Participating Employer shall establish and
maintain on its books an Employer Contribution Account for each Employer Contribution
Eligible Employee. Such Employer Contribution Account shall be designated by the name
of the Employer Contribution Eligible Employee for whom it is established.

3.4 Account Adjustments 

(a) Account Adjustments for Deemed Investments : The Committee shall from time to
time designate one or more investment vehicle(s) in which the Accounts of Participants
shall be deemed to be invested. The investment vehicle(s) may be designated by
reference to the investments available under the Savings Plan. Each Participant shall
designate the investment vehicle(s) in which his Account shall be deemed to be invested
according to the procedures developed by the Committee, except as otherwise required by
the terms of the Plan. No Participating Employer shall be under an obligation to
acquire or invest in any of the deemed investment vehicle(s) under this Subsection, and
any acquisition of or investment in a deemed investment vehicle by a Participating
Employer shall be made in the name of such Participating Employer and shall remain the
sole property of such Participating Employer.

(b) Default Investments: The Committee shall also establish from time to time a
default Fund into which a Participant s Account shall be deemed to be invested if the
Participant fails to provide investment instructions pursuant to this Section 3.4.

(c) Periodic Account Adjustments : Each Account shall be adjusted from time to time
at such intervals as determined by the Committee. The amount of the adjustment shall
equal the amount that the Participant s Account would have earned (or lost) for the
period since the last adjustment had the Account actually

8 

been invested in the deemed investment vehicle(s) designated by the Participant for
such period pursuant to this Section.

3.5 Account Payments 

(a) Payment Options : Upon first becoming a Participant, each Participant shall
have the opportunity to make an election as to the time and method of payment of the
Participant s Account in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and provisions of
this Section. A Participant shall select from among the following forms of payment:

(i) 
 
 Lump Sum Payment Following Termination of Employment. The
Participant s Account shall be payable following the Participant s termination
of employment with the Participating Employers in a single cash payment. 

(ii) 
 
 Lump Sum Payment In Specified Year. The Participant s Account
shall be payable in the calendar year elected by the Participant, not to exceed
the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 65, in a single cash
payment. 

(iii) 
 
 Annual Installments Following Termination of Employment. The
Participant s Account shall be payable following the Participant s termination
of employment with the Participating Employers in annual installment payments
over a period of five or ten years, as selected by the Participant. 

(iv) 
 
 Annual Installments Commencing In Specified Year. The
Participant s Account shall be payable commencing in the calendar year elected
by the Participant, not to exceed the calendar year in which the Participant
attains age 65, in annual installment payments over a period of five or ten
years, as selected by the Participant. 

Any election made under this Subsection shall be made on such form, at such time and
pursuant to such procedures as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion
from time to time. For a Participant who does not yet have an election in effect
under this Subsection or for a Participant who fails to elect a payment option under
this Subsection, the method of payment shall be a lump sum payment following
termination of employment under Paragraph (a)(i) of this Section.

(b) Special 2007 Payment Election : Each Participant who is in the active service of
a Participating Employer as of a date specified by the Committee prior to December 31,
2007 shall be given the opportunity during an election window specified by the
Committee and ending no later than December 31, 2007 to make a payment election
applicable to the Participant s Account. The Participant may elect among the following
payment options:

9 

(i) 
 
 a single payment of his entire Account payable in the first half of 2008,
regardless of whether the Participant has terminated employment; 

(ii) 
 
 a payment of a portion of his Account payable in the first half of 2008, with the
remaining portion of their Account payable in accordance with one of the payment options
described in Subsection (a) of this Section. In the event a Participant elects the
combination payment method, the Participant must further elect the percentage of the balance
of the Account to be paid as a single cash payment in 2008 and such percentage may not be
less than 25 . Such elections shall become effective immediately and shall remain in effect
unless and until changed as provided herein; or 

(iii) 
 
 any one of the payment options described in Subsection (a) of this Section. 

Such election shall be immediately effective; provided, however, that a Participant
may not make a new payment election with respect to payments the Participant is
otherwise scheduled to receive during 2007. The Account of any Participant
described in this Subsection who fails to make a payment election on or before
December 31, 2007 under this Subsection shall be paid in a lump sum payment
following termination of employment under Subsection (a)(i) of this Section. Any
subsequent change to such payment election must comply with the requirements of
Subsection (e) of this Section. Payments pursuant to such election shall otherwise
be subject to the requirements of this Section.

(c) Single Cash Payments : If a Participant s Account is to be paid to the
Participant following termination of employment with the Participating Employers in a
single cash payment in accordance with Subsection (a) or (b) of this Section, the
Account shall be paid in a single cash payment as soon as administratively practicable
(but in no event later than 75 days) following the date of such termination of
employment.

(d) Annual Installments : If a Participant s Account is to be paid to the
Participant following termination of employment with the Participating Employers in
either five or ten annual installments in accordance with Subsection (a) or (b) of this
Section, the first installment shall be payable as soon as administratively practicable
(but in not events later than 75 days) following the date of such termination of
employment and each subsequent installment shall be payable on the anniversary of the
first installment. The amount payable for each installment shall equal the applicable
portion of the Account payable in installments as of the payment date divided by the
number of remaining installments (including the installment then payable). During the
installment payment period, the Account shall continue to be adjusted in accordance
with the provisions of Section 3.4.

(e) Subsequent Changes to Payment Elections : A Participant may change the form of
payment elected under Subsections (a) or (b) of this Section only if (i) such election
is made at least 12 months prior to the date payment would have

10 

otherwise commenced and (ii) the effect of such election is to defer commencement of
such payment by at least five years. For purpose of this Subsection (e) of this
Section, a series of installment payments over five or ten years is treated as a
single payment to be made in the year that the first installment would otherwise be
paid.

(f) Vesting of Matching Accounts and Employer Contribution Accounts :

(i) 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the
contrary, if a Participant is not fully (100 vested in the amount
credited to the Participant s matching employer contribution account under
the Savings Plan at the time of the Participant s termination of
employment with the Participating Employers, then the amount credited to
the Participant s Matching Contribution Account shall be reduced at the
time of such termination of employment to an amount equal to the product
of (i) the amount then credited to the Participant s Matching Contribution
Account multiplied by (ii) the vested percentage applicable to the
Participant s matching employer contribution account under the Savings
Plan as of the date of such termination of employment. The amount by which
the Participant s Matching Contribution Account is reduced by application
of the preceding sentence shall be forfeited at the time the Participant
terminates employment. 

(ii) 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the
contrary, if a Participant is not fully (100 vested in the amount
credited to the Participant s employer 2 contribution account under the
Savings Plan at the time of the Participant s termination of employment
with the Participating Employers, then the amount credited to the
Participant s Employer Contribution Account shall be reduced at the time
of such termination of employment to an amount equal to the product of (i)
the amount then credited to said Employer Contribution Account multiplied
by (ii) the vested percentage applicable to the Participant s employer 2 
contribution account under the Savings Plan as of the date of such
termination of employment. The amount by which the Participant s Employer
Contribution Account is reduced by application of the preceding sentence
shall be forfeited at the time the Participant terminates employment. 

(g) Special Provisions for Specified Employees : Notwithstanding any provision
herein to the contrary, to the extent applicable, in no event shall any payment
hereunder payable on account of a termination of employment be made to a specified
employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the Company s administrative
policies, if any, earlier than six months after the date of the Participant s
termination of employment with the Participating Employers, except in connection with
the Participant s death.

(h) Other Payment Provisions : Any deferral or payment hereunder shall be subject
to applicable payroll and withholding taxes. If a Participant dies prior to

11 

having received the entire balance of the Participant s Account, the remaining
vested balance in the Account shall be payable to the Participant s beneficiary(ies)
determined under the Savings Plan as and when such amounts would have otherwise been
payable to the Participant. In the event any amount becomes payable under the
provisions of the Plan to a Participant, beneficiary or other person who is a minor
or an incompetent, whether or not declared incompetent by a court, such amount may
be paid directly to the minor or incompetent person or to such person s fiduciary
(or attorney-in-fact in the case of an incompetent) as the Committee, in its sole
discretion, may decide, and the Committee shall not be liable to any person for any
such decision or any payment pursuant thereto.

3.6 Withdrawals on Account of an Unforeseeable Emergency 

A Participant who is in active service of a Participating Employer may, in the Committee s sole discretion, receive a refund of all or any part of the amounts previously credited to the Participant s Accounts (to the extent vested) in the case of an unforeseeable emergency. A Participant requesting a payment pursuant to this Section shall have the burden of proof of establishing, to the Committee s satisfaction, the existe
nce of such unforeseeable emergency, and the amount of the payment needed to satisfy the same. In that regard, the Participant shall provide the Committee with such financial data and information as the Committee may request. If the Committee determines that a payment should be made to a Participant under this Section such payment shall be made within a reasonable time after the Committee s determination of the existence of such unforeseeable emergency and the amount of payment
so needed. The Committee may in its discretion establish the order in which amounts shall be withdrawn under this Section from a Participant s Accounts. As used herein, the term unforeseeable emergency means a severe financial hardship to a Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant or of a dependent of the Participant (as defined in Code Section 152, without regard to Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)), or loss of the Partici
pant s property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. The circumstances that shall constitute an unforeseeable emergency shall depend upon the facts of each case, but, in any case, payment may not be made to the extent that such hardship is or may be relieved (i) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance
 or otherwise, or (ii) by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship. Examples of what are not considered to be unforeseeable emergencies include, without limitation, the need to send a Participant s child to college or the purchase of a home. Withdrawals of amounts because of an unforeseeable emergency shall not exceed an amount reasonably needed to satisfy the emergency need.

12 

ARTICLE IV 

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

4.1 Amendment or Termination of Plan 

(a) Amendment: The Company may amend or terminate the Plan at any time so that no
further benefits shall accrue under the Plan or may, from time to time, amend the Plan,
without the consent of Participants or Beneficiaries; provided, however, that no such
amendment or termination shall reduce the actual amount of the accrued benefit of a
Participant under the Plan on the date of such amendment or termination.

(b) Termination: Notwithstanding Section 4.1(a) above, the Company may terminate
the Plan and accelerate the distribution all benefits accrued hereunder only if: (i)
all nonqualified plans that are account balance plans maintained by the Controlled
Group are terminated within 30 days preceding or 12 months following a change in
control , as defined under Code Section 409A, and all payments are made within 12
months of the termination of the Plan; (ii) the termination of the Plan is within 12
months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of
a bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 503(b)(1)(A); or (iii) all
nonqualified plans that are account balance plans maintained by all Controlled Group
Members are terminated, no payments are made within 12 months of the termination of the
Plan (other than those that would have been paid absent the termination), all payments
are made within 24 months of the termination of the Plan, and no Controlled Group
Member adopts another nonqualified deferred compensation plan that is a account balance
plan for a period of three years following the date of the termination of the Plan.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such termination and distribution of benefits may only
occur to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A.

13 

ARTICLE V 

CHANGE IN CONTROL 

5.1 Set Aside 

Upon or following the occurrence of a Potential Change in Control, if so directed by the
Board in its sole and exclusive discretion, the Company shall set aside in a grantor trust,
either existing or to be established, such amount as may be determined by the Board not to
exceed the projected benefit obligations under the Plan as of the anticipated date of the
possible Change in Control, less any amounts previously set aside in a grantor trust to
provide benefits under the Plan.

If a Change in Control does not occur within a reasonable time from the date such funds are
set aside, the funds, adjusted for any gains or losses, shall revert to the Company.

5.2 Vesting 

Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, each Participant shall become fully vested in
his entire Account under the Plan as of the date of the Change in Control. Such vested
Account shall be paid at the time and in the manner provided in Section 3.5.

14 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

6.1 Nature of Plan and Rights 

The Plan is unfunded and intended to constitute an incentive and deferred compensation plan
for a select group of officers and key management employees of the Participating Employers.
If necessary to preserve the above intended plan status, the Committee, in its sole
discretion, reserves the right to limit or reduce the number of actual participants and
otherwise to take any remedial or curative action that the Committee deems necessary or
advisable. The Accounts established and maintained under the Plan by a Participating
Employer are for accounting purposes only and shall not be deemed or construed to create a
trust fund of any kind or to grant a property interest of any kind to any Participant,
designated beneficiary or estate. The amounts credited by a Participating Employer to such
Accounts are and for all purposes shall continue to be a part of the general assets of such
Participating Employer, and to the extent that a Participant, beneficiary or estate acquires
a right to receive payments from such Participating Employer pursuant to the Plan, such
right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of such
Participating Employer.

6.2 Termination of Employment 

For the purposes of the Plan, termination of employment means any termination of employment
with either the Company or any successor to the Company that acquires all or substantially
all of the business and/or assets of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase,
merger, consolidation or otherwise). For purposes of this Agreement, whether a termination
of employment has occurred shall be determined consistent with the requirements of Code
Section 409A and the Company s administrative policies, if any.

6.3 Spendthrift Provision 

No Account balance or other right or interest under the Plan of a Participant, beneficiary
or estate may be assigned, transferred or alienated, in whole or in part, either directly or
by operation of law, and no such balance, right or interest shall be liable for or subject
to any debt, obligation or liability of the Employee, designated beneficiary or estate.

6.4 Employment Noncontractual 

The establishment of the Plan shall not enlarge or otherwise affect the terms of any
Employee s employment with his Participating Employer, and such Participating Employer may
terminate the employment of the Employee as freely and with the same effect as if the Plan
had not been established.

15 

6.5 Adoption by Other Participating Employers 

The Plan may be adopted by any Participating Employer participating under the Savings Plan,
such adoption to be effective as of the date specified by such Participating Employer at the
time of adoption.

6.6 Applicable Law 

The Plan shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North
Carolina, except to the extent such laws are preempted by the laws of the United States of
America.

6.7 Compliance with Code Section 409A 

The Plan is intended to comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the
Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall be interpreted, operated and administered consistent
with its intent.

Signature on next page 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the Company on October 27, 2009.

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Richard L. Magee

Name: 
 Richard L. Magee 

Title: 
 Senior Vice President 

17 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 g22340exv10w21.htm
 EX-10.21

exv10w21 

EXHIBIT 10.21 

MANAGEMENT CONTINUITY AGREEMENT 

THIS AGREEMENT dated as of this 25 th day of August 2008 between Dale A. Herold (the
 Executive and EnPro Industries, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ).

WHEREAS, the Company considers it essential to the best interests of its shareholders to
foster the continuous employment of key management personnel in the event there is, or is
threatened, a change in control of the Company; and

WHEREAS , the Company recognizes that the uncertainty and questions which may arise among key
management in connection with the possibility of a change in control may result in the departure or
distraction of key management personnel to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders; and

WHEREAS , the Company desires to provide certain protection to Executive in the event of a
change in control of the Company as set forth in this Agreement in order to induce Executive to
remain in the employ of the Company notwithstanding any risks and uncertainties created by the
possibility of a change in control of the Company;

WITNESSETH: 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises herein contained,
the parties agree as follows:

1. Term . The Term of this Agreement shall mean the period commencing on the date
hereof and ending twenty-four (24) months after such date; provided, however, that commencing on
the date one year after the date hereof, and on each annual anniversary of such date (such date and
each annual anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as the Renewal Date ), the Term
shall be automatically extended so as to terminate twenty-four (24) months from such Renewal Date,
unless at least sixty (60) days prior to the Renewal Date the Company shall give notice to the
Executive that the Term shall not be so extended.

2. Period of Employment . Executive s Period of Employment shall commence on the
date on which a Change in Control occurs during the Term and shall end on the date that is
twenty-four (24) months after the date on which such Change in Control occurs (subject to the
provisions of Section 20 below pursuant to which the Period of Employment may be deemed to have
commenced prior to the date of a Change in Control in certain circumstances).

3. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement:

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Cause shall mean Executive s termination of employment with the Company due to (A)
the willful and continued failure by Executive to substantially perform Executive s duties
with the Company, which failure causes material and demonstrable injury to the Company
(other than any such failure resulting from Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental
illness), after a demand for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the Board
which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board

believes that Executive has not substantially performed Executive s duties, and after
Executive has been given a period (hereinafter known as the Cure Period of at least
thirty (30) days to correct Executive s performance, or (B) the willful engaging by
Executive in other gross misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company.
For purposes hereof, no act, or failure to act, on Executive s part shall be considered
 willful unless conclusively demonstrated to have been done, or omitted to be done, by
Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive s action or
omission was in the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive
shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been
delivered to Executive a Notice of Termination which shall include a copy of a resolution
duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire
membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose (after
reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive, together with Executive s
counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board
Executive was guilty of conduct set forth above in clause (A) (including the expiration of
the Cure Period without the correction of Executive s performance) or clause (B) above and
specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

Change in Control shall mean:

(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act) of 20 or more of either (A) the then outstanding shares of common stock of
the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the
following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition
directly from the Company (other than by exercise of a conversion privilege), (B) any
acquisition by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (C) any acquisition by any employee
benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or (D) any acquisition by any company with respect to which, following such
acquisition, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of
such company and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such
company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were
the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such acquisition in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, solely in their capacity as shareholders of the Company,
immediately prior to such acquisition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; or (ii) individuals who, as of
the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Distribution Agreement among Goodrich
Corporation, EnPro Industries, Inc. and Coltec Industries Inc.), constitute the Board (the
 Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board;
provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Distribution
Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved
by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall
be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding,
for this purpose, any

2 

such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an
actual or threatened election contest; or (iii) consummation of a reorganization, merger or
consolidation, in each case, with respect to which all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding
Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such
reorganization, merger or consolidation, do not, following such reorganization, merger or
consolidation, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, solely in their capacity as
shareholders of the Company, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of
common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the company
resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or
consolidation of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
Securities, as the case may be; or (iv) consummation of (A) a complete liquidation or
dissolution of the Company or (B) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, other than to a company, with respect to which following such
sale or other disposition, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of
common stock of such company and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
securities of such company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then
beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals
and entities, solely in their capacity as shareholders of the Company, who were the
beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such sale or other disposition in
substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such sale or
other disposition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
Securities, as the case may be.

Date of Termination is as defined in Section 8 below.

Good Reason shall mean:

(i) without Executive s express written consent, (A) the assignment to Executive of any
new duties or responsibilities substantially inconsistent in character with Executive s
duties and responsibilities within the Company immediately prior to a Change in Control, (B)
any substantial adverse change in Executive s duties and responsibilities as in effect
immediately prior to a Change in Control, including, but not limited to, a reduction in
duties or responsibilities which occurs because the Company is no longer an independent
publicly-held entity, (C) any removal of Executive from or any failure to re-elect Executive
to any director position of the Company, (D) a change in the annual or long term incentive
plan in which Executive currently participates such that Executive s opportunity to earn
incentive compensation is impaired, (E) a material reduction in the aggregate value of
Company perquisites made available to Executive, (F) an elimination or material impairment
of Executive s ability to participate in retirement plans comparable to those in which
Executive currently participates, (G) any substantial increase in Executive s obligation to
travel on the Company s business over Executive s present business travel obligations, or
(H) an elimination or material impairment of Executive s ability to receive stock options
with values comparable to those Executive was granted within the one year period preceding
the commencement of the Period of Employment; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply
with any other of its obligations under Section 4 herein; (iii) the relocation of the
offices of the Company at which

3 

Executive was employed immediately prior to the Change in Control to a location which
is more than fifty (50) miles from such prior location, or the failure of the Company to (A)
pay or reimburse Executive, in accordance with the Company s relocation policy for its
employees in existence immediately prior to a Change in Control, for all reasonable costs
and expenses; plus gross ups referred to in such policy incurred by Executive relating to
a change of Executive s principal residence in connection with any relocation of the
Company s offices to which Executive consents, and (B) indemnify Executive against any loss
(defined as the difference between the actual sale price of such residence and the higher of
(1) Executive s aggregate investment in such residence or (2) the fair market value of such
residence as determined by the relocation management organization used by the Company
immediately prior to the Change in Control (or other real estate appraiser designated by
Executive and reasonably satisfactory to the Company)) realized in the sale of Executive s
principal residence in connection with any such change of residence; (iv) the failure of
the Company to obtain the assumption of and the agreement to perform this Agreement by any
successor as contemplated in Section 11 hereof; or (v) any purported termination of
Executive s employment during the Period of Employment which is not effected pursuant to a
Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of Section 7 hereof.

Incapacity Discharge means Executive s termination of employment with the Company if,
as a result of Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive shall
have been absent from Executive s duties with the Company on a full-time basis for
one-hundred twenty (120) consecutive business days, and within thirty (30) days after a
written Notice of Termination is given, Executive shall not have returned to the full-time
performance of Executive s duties.

Mandatory Retirement Date shall mean the compulsory retirement date, if any,
established by the Company for those executives of the Company who, by reason of their
positions and the size of their nonforfeitable annual retirement benefits under the
Company s pension, profit-sharing, and deferred compensation plans, are exempt from, the
provisions of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. Sections 621, et seq.,
which date shall not in any event be earlier for any executive than the last day of the
month in which such Executive reaches age 65.

Notice of Termination is as defined in Section 7 below.

Payment Period shall mean twenty-four (24) months, provided that the Payment Period
shall not exceed the number of whole calendar months between the Executive s Date of
Termination and Mandatory Retirement Date (if applicable).

4. Compensation During Period of Employment . For so long during Executive s Period of
Employment as Executive is an employee of the Company, the Company shall be obligated to compensate
Executive as follows:

(a) Executive shall continue to receive Executive s full base salary at the rate in
effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. Executive s base salary shall be
increased annually, with each such increase due on the anniversary date of Executive s most
recent previous increase. Each such increase shall be no less than an amount which at least
equals on a percentage basis the mean of the annualized percentage increases in

4 

base salary for all elected officers of the Company during the two full calendar years
immediately preceding the Change in Control.

(b) Executive shall continue to participate in all benefit and compensation plans
(including but not limited to the Equity Compensation Plan, Long-Term Incentive Program,
Performance Share Deferred Compensation Plan, Annual Performance Plan, Executive Life
Insurance Program, Deferred Compensation Plan, 401(K) plan, savings plan, flexible benefits
plan, life insurance plan, health and accident plan or disability plan) in which Executive
was participating immediately prior to the Change in Control, or in plans providing
substantially similar benefits, in either case upon terms and conditions and at levels at
least as favorable as those provided to Executive under the plans in which Executive was
participating immediately prior to the Change in Control;

(c) Executive shall continue to receive all fringe benefits, perquisites, and similar
arrangements which Executive was entitled to receive immediately prior to the Change in
Control; and

(d) Executive shall continue to receive annually the number of paid vacation days and
holidays Executive was entitled to receive immediately prior to the Change in Control.

5. Compensation Upon Termination of Employment . The following provisions set forth
the benefits that may become payable to Executive upon termination of employment with the Company
during the Period of Employment in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of Section 6
below:

(a) By not later than the fifth business day following the Date of Termination, the
Company shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of the following:

(i) any base salary that is earned but unpaid as of the Date of Termination;

(ii) a pro rata portion of the target incentive amount under the Annual
Performance Plan for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs
(based on the number of calendar days in such calendar year completed through the
Date of Termination); and

(iii) a pro rata portion of the calculated market value of the phantom
Performance Shares, if any, awarded to Executive under the Company s Long-Term
Incentive Program (the LTIP for each Plan Cycle under the LTIP that has not been
completed as of the Date of Termination, determined as follows:

(A) The performance for each such Plan Cycle under the applicable LTIP
award agreement shall be determined based on (x) for any completed calendar
year of the Plan Cycle as of the Date of Termination, actual performance for
the calendar year, (y) for the calendar year in which the Date of
Termination occurs if at least one calendar quarter has been completed
during such calendar year, the greater of target performance for the
calendar year or actual performance for the completed

5 

calendar quarter(s) for the calendar year annualized for the year, and
(z) for any other calendar years of the Plan Cycle, target performance for
the calendar year.

(B) The number of phantom Performance Shares for each such Plan Cycle
shall be adjusted in accordance with the formula set forth in the applicable
LTIP award agreement based on the performance for the Plan Cycle determined
under paragraph (A) above.

(C) The pro rata portion of the calculated market value of the
number of phantom Performance Shares adjusted in accordance with paragraph
(B) above shall be based on the number of calendar days in the Plan Cycle
completed through the Date of Termination.

Section 5(c) below sets for the method for determining the target incentive amount under
the Annual Performance Plan and the calculated market value of phantom Performance Shares
under the LTIP. Any amounts payable under Sections 5(a)(ii) or (iii) above shall be offset
dollar-for-dollar by any pro rata payments otherwise provided for under the Annual
Performance Plan or the LTIP.

(b) In lieu of any salary payments that Executive would have received if he had
continued in the employment of the Company during the Payment Period, the Company shall pay
to Executive in a lump sum, by not later than the fifth business day following the Date of
Termination, an amount equal to one-twelfth of Executive s annualized base salary in effect
immediately prior to the Date of Termination, multiplied by the number of months in the
Payment Period.

(c) By not later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the Company
shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of:

(i) under the Annual Performance Plan (and in lieu of any further awards under
the Annual Performance Plan that Executive would have received if he had continued
in the employment of the Company during the Payment Period), the number of months in
the Payment Period multiplied by the greatest of one-twelfth of: (A) the amount most
recently paid to Executive for a full calendar year; (B) Executive s target
incentive amount for the calendar year in which his Date of Termination occurs; or
(C) Executive s target incentive amount in effect prior to the Change in Control
for the calendar year in which the Change in Control occurs; plus, if applicable,

(ii) under the LTIP (and in lieu of any further grants under the LTIP that
Executive would have received if he had continued in the employment of the Company
during the Payment Period), sixteen (16) multiplied by the greatest of: (A) with
respect to the most recently completed Plan Cycle as of the Date of Termination,
one-twelfth of the calculated market value of the Performance Shares actually
awarded Executive (including the value of any Performance Shares Executive may have
elected to defer under the Performance Share Deferred Compensation Program); (B)
with respect to the most recently commenced Plan Cycle under the LTIP (if Executive
is a participant in such Plan

6 

Cycle) prior to Executive s Date of Termination, one-twelfth of the calculated
market value of the phantom Performance Shares, if any, awarded to Executive; or
(C) with respect to the most recently commenced Plan Cycle prior to the date of the
occurrence of the Change in Control, one-twelfth of the calculated market value of
the phantom Performance Shares, if any, awarded to Executive.

For purposes of this Section 5, Executive s target incentive amount under the
Annual Performance Plan for a given calendar year (i.e., the calendar year in which
the Date of Termination occurs or the Change in Control occurs, as applicable) is
determined by multiplying (i) Executive s annualized total gross base salary for the
calendar year by (ii) the incentive target percentage which is applicable to
Executive s incentive category under the Annual Performance Plan for the calendar
year. For purposes of this Section 5, the calculated market value of each
Performance Share actually awarded upon completion of a Plan Cycle, Performance
Share deferred under the Performance Share Deferred Compensation Program or phantom
Performance Share granted under the LTIP shall be the mean of the high and low
prices of the Company s common stock on the relevant date as reported on the New
York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions listing (or similar report), or, if no
sale was made on such date, then on the next preceding day on which a sale was made
multiplied by the number of shares involved in the calculation. The relevant date
for Section 5(a)(iii) and clauses 5(c)(ii)(B) and 5(c)(ii)(C) is the date upon which
the Compensation Committee Committee of the Board of Directors awarded the
phantom Performance Shares in question; for clause 5(c)(ii)(A) the relevant date is
the date on which the Committee made a determination of attainment of financial
objectives and awarded Performance Shares (including any Performance Shares
Executive may have elected to defer under the Performance Share Deferred
Compensation Program).

Any payments received pursuant to Sections 5(c)(i) or (ii) above shall be in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any payments required to be made to Executive as
the result of the happening of an event that would constitute a change in control
pursuant to the provisions of the Annual Performance Plan or LTIP, as applicable.

(d) By not later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the Company
shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of:

(i) If Executive is under age 55, or over the age of 55 but not eligible to
retire, at the Date of Termination the present value of all health and welfare
benefits the Executive would have been entitled to had the Executive continued as an
employee of the Company during the Payment Period and been entitled to or
participated in the same health and welfare benefits during the Payment Period as
immediately prior to the Date of Termination plus an amount in cash equal to the
amount necessary to cause the amount of the aggregate after-tax lump sum payment the
Executive receives pursuant to this provision to be equal to the aggregate after-tax
value of the benefits which Executive would have received if Executive continued to
receive such benefits as an employee; or

7 

(ii) If Executive is age 55 or over and eligible to retire on the Date of
Termination, the present value of the health and welfare benefits to which Executive
would have been entitled under the Company s general retirement policies if
Executive retired on the Date of Termination with the Company paying that percentage
of the premium cost of the plans which it would have paid under the terms of the
plans in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control with respect to
individuals who retire at age 65, regardless of Executive s actual age on the
Termination Date, provided such lump sum value would be at least equal to the lump
sum value of the benefits which would have been payable if Executive had been
eligible to retire and had retired immediately prior to the Change in Control.

(e) By not later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the Company
shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of the present value of the
fringe benefit programs, perquisites (if any), and similar arrangements the Executive would
have been entitled to receive had the Executive continued in employment with the Company for
the Payment Period and been entitled to or participated in the same such benefits during the
Payment Period as immediately prior to the Date of Termination. In addition and
notwithstanding any provision of the Company s 2002 Equity Compensation Plan (or any
comparable equity award plan of the Company) or any applicable award agreement thereunder to
the contrary, Executive may exercise any of Executive s stock options that are vested as of
Executive s Date of Termination at any time during the Payment Period (but not exceeding the
original expiration date of the options).

(f) The Company shall, in addition to the benefits to which Executive is entitled under
the retirement plans or programs sponsored by the Company or its affiliates in which
Executive participates (including without limitation any Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan in which Executive participates, if applicable), pay Executive in a lump sum in cash by
no later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination an amount equal to the
actuarial equivalent of the retirement pension to which Executive would have been entitled
under the terms of such retirement plans or programs had Executive accumulated additional
years of continuous service under such plans equal in length to Executive s Payment Period.
The length of the Payment Period will be added to total years of continuous service for
determining vesting, the amount of benefit accrual, to the age which Executive will be
considered to be for the purposes of determining eligibility for normal or early retirement
calculations and the age used for determining the amount of any actuarial reduction. For the
purposes of calculating the additional benefit accrual under this paragraph, the amount of
compensation Executive will be deemed to have received during each month of Executive s
Payment Period shall be equal to the sum of Executive s annual base salary prorated on a
monthly basis as provided for under Section 4(a) immediately prior to the Date of
Termination (including salary increases), plus under the Company s Annual Performance Plan
the greatest of one-twelfth of:

(i) the amount most recently paid to Executive for a full calendar year,

(ii) Executive s target incentive amount for the calendar year in which
Executive s Date of Termination occurs, or

8 

(iii) Executive s target incentive amount in effect prior to the Change in
Control for the calendar year in which the Change in Control occurs. Attached as
Exhibit 1 is an illustration, not intending to be exhaustive, of examples of how
inclusion of the Payment Period may affect the calculation of Executive s retirement
benefit.

(g) In no event shall any amount payable to Executive described in this Section 5 be
considered compensation or earnings under any pension, savings or other retirement plan of
the Company.

6. Termination .

(a) Termination Without Compensation. If Executive s employment is terminated for any
of the following reasons, Executive shall not be entitled by virtue of this Agreement to any
of the benefits provided in the foregoing Section 5:

(i) If, prior to the commencement of the Period of Employment, Executive s
employment with the Company is terminated at any time for any reason, including
without limitation due to (A) Executive s death, (B) an Incapacity Discharge, (C) a
termination initiated by the Company with or without Cause or (D) resignation,
retirement or other termination initiated by Executive with or without Good Reason,
subject, however, to the provisions of Section 20 below.

(ii) If Executive s employment with the Company is terminated during the
Period of Employment with Cause.

(iii) If Executive resigns, retires or otherwise voluntarily terminates
employment with the Company during the Period of Employment without Good Reason.

(b) Termination with Compensation. If Executive s employment is terminated for any of
the following reasons, Executive shall be entitled by virtue of this Agreement to the
benefits provided in the foregoing Section 5 as follows:

(i) If, during the Period of Employment, the Company discharges Executive
other than for Cause, Executive shall receive all of the benefits and payments
provided in Section 5.

(ii) Executive may terminate his employment with the Company at any time
during the Period of Employment for Good Reason Good Reason Termination and
shall receive all of the benefits and payments provided in Section 5.

(iii) If, during the Period of Employment, Executive either (A) retires from
employment with the Company or (B) if the Company discharges Executive due to an
Incapacity Discharge, in either case while Executive has cause to terminate his
employment as a Good Reason Termination (whether or not Executive has provided
Notice of Termination to the Company pursuant to

9 

Section 7), Executive shall receive all of the benefits and payments provided
in Section 5.

(iv) If Executive dies while employed by the Company during the Period of
Employment while having cause to terminate his employment as a Good Reason
Termination (whether or not Executive has provided Notice of Termination to the
Company pursuant to Section 7), Executive s beneficiary or beneficiaries named on
Exhibit 2 to this Agreement (or Executive s estate if he has not named a
beneficiary) shall be entitled to receive those payments provided under Sections
5(a), 5(b) and 5(c) of this Agreement in addition to any benefits that such
beneficiaries would be entitled under any other plan, program or policy of the
Company as a result of Executive s employment with the Company.

(v) Executive may become eligible for the benefits and payments under Section
5 for termination of employment prior to a Change in Control in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of Section 20 below.

7. Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or
any termination by Executive as a Good Reason Termination shall be communicated by written notice
to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, such notice shall be referred to as a
 Notice of Termination. Such notice shall, to the extent applicable, set forth the specific reason
for termination, and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated.

8. Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean:

(a) If Executive terminates Executive s employment as a Good Reason Termination, the
date specified in the Notice of Termination, but in no event more than sixty (60) days after
Notice of Termination is given.

(b) If Executive s employment is terminated with Cause, the date on which a Notice of
Termination is given, except that the Date of Termination shall not be any date prior to the
date on which the Cure Period expires without the correction of Executive s performance (if
applicable).

(c) If Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement is terminated following
absence due to physical incapacity as an Incapacity Discharge, then the Date of Termination
shall be thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given (provided that Executive
shall not have returned to the performance of Executive s duties on a full-time basis during
such thirty (30) day period).

(d) A termination of employment by either the Company or by Executive shall not affect
any rights Executive or Executive s surviving spouse or beneficiaries may have pursuant to
any other agreement or plan of the Company providing benefits to Executive, except as
provided in such agreement or plan.

10 

9. Certain Additional Payments .

(a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event it shall
be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company to Executive or for
Executive s benefit (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but determined without regard to any additional
payments required under this Section 9) (a Payment would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 (or any successor provisions) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Code ), or any interest or penalty is incurred by Executive with respect to
such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties, is
hereinafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax ), then Executive shall be entitled
to receive an additional payment (a Gross-Up Payment in an amount such that after payment
by Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such
taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any interest and penalties
imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment, Executive
retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments.

(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c), all determinations required to be made
under this Section 9, including whether and when such a Gross-Up Payment is required and the
amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such
determination, shall be made by Ernst Young (or their successors) (the Accounting Firm which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and to Executive
within fifteen (15) business days of the receipt of notice from Executive that there has
been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. In the event that the
Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group
effecting the Change in Control, Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized
accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall
then be referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment as determined
pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to Executive within five (5) days
of the receipt of the Accounting Firm s determination. If the Accounting Firm determines
that no Excise Tax is payable by Executive, it shall furnish Executive with a written
opinion that failure to report the Excise Tax on Executive s applicable federal income tax
return would not result in the imposition of a negligence or similar penalty. Any
determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and Executive. As a
result of the uncertainty of the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the
initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up
Payments which will not have been made by the Company should have been made Underpayment ). In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section
9(c) and Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the
Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any
such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to Executive or for Executive s
benefit.

(c) Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue
Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the Company of the Gross-Up
Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as practicable but no later than ten (10)
business days after Executive or his representative is informed in writing of

11 

such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on
which such claim is requested to be paid. Executive shall not pay such claim prior to the
expiration of the thirty (30) day period following the date on which Executive gives such
notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date that any payment of taxes
with respect to such claim is due). If the Company notifies Executive in writing prior to
the expiration of such period that it desires to contest such claim, Executive shall:

(i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company
relating to such claim,

(ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company
shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without
limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an attorney
reasonably selected by the Company,

(iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively to contest
such claim, and

(iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such
claim; however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses
(including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such
contest and shall indemnify and hold Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, for
any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and penalties with respect thereto)
imposed as a result of such representation and payment of costs and expenses.
Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(c), the Company
shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest and, at its sole
option, may pursue or forego any and all administrative appeals, proceedings,
hearings and conferences with the taxing authority in respect of any such claim and
may, at its sole option, either direct Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for
a refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and Executive agree to
prosecute such contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a
court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company
shall determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs Executive to pay
such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such
payment to Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold
Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax
(including interest or penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such
advance or with respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance; and
further provided that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to
payment of taxes for Executive s taxable year with respect to which such contested
amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount. Furthermore,
the Company s control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to
which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and Executive shall be entitled
to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

(d) If, after the receipt by Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to
Section 9(c), Executive become entitled to receive any refund with respect to

12 

such claim, Executive shall (subject to the Company s complying with the requirements
of Section 9(c)) promptly pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any
interest paid or credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c), a determination is
made that Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such claim and the
Company does not notify Executive in writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund
prior to the expiration of thirty (30) days after such determination, then such advance
shall be forgiven and shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance
shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

(e) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9 to the contrary, in no event shall
any payments made to Executive under this Section 9 be made later than the end of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive remits the Excise Tax.

10. No Obligation to Mitigate Damages, No Effect on Other Contractual Rights. 
Executive shall not be required to refund the amount of any payment or employee benefit provided
for or otherwise mitigate damages under this Agreement by seeking or accepting other employment or
otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment required to be made under this Agreement be reduced
by any compensation earned by Executive as the result of any employment by another employer after
the date of termination of Executive s employment with the Company, or otherwise. Upon receipt of
written notice from Executive that Executive has been reemployed by another company or entity on a
full-time basis, benefits, fringe benefits and perquisites otherwise receivable by Executive
pursuant to Sections 5(d) or 5(e) related to life, health, disability and accident insurance plans
and programs and other similar benefits, company cars, financial planning, country club
memberships, and the like (but not incentive compensation, LTIP, pension plans or other similar
plans and programs) shall be reduced to the extent comparable benefits are made available to
Executive at his new employment and any such benefits actually received by Executive shall be
reported to the Company by Executive.

The provisions of the Agreement, and any payment or benefit provided for hereunder shall not
reduce any amount otherwise payable, or in any way diminish Executive s existing rights, or rights
which would occur solely as a result of the passage of time, under any other agreement, contract,
plan or arrangement with the Company.

11. Successors and Binding Agreement. 

(a) The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase,
merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of
the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive, to assume and
agree to perform this Agreement.

(b) This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and any successor of or to the
Company, including, without limitation, any person acquiring directly or indirectly all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company whether by merger, consolidation, sale or
otherwise (and such successor shall thereafter be deemed the Company for the purposes of
this Agreement), but shall not otherwise be assignable by the Company.

13 

(c) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and
Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs,
distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts would still
be payable to Executive pursuant to Sections 5 and 6 hereunder if Executive had continued to
live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement to Executive s devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if there
be no such designee, to Executive s estate.

12. Notices . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications
provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to the respective addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement, provided that
all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company with a copy to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other address as either party may
have furnished to the other in writing, except that notices of change of address shall be effective
only upon receipt.

13. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to
the principles of conflict of laws of such State.

14. Miscellaneous. No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived or
discharged, and this Agreement may not be terminated before the end of the Term, unless such
waiver, modification, discharge or termination is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and
the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto
or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other
party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at
any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or
implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by either party which is not set
forth expressly in this Agreement.

15. Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect.

16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same
agreement.

17. Withholding of Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under
this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or
government regulation or ruling.

18. Nonassignability. This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties
hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or
obligations hereunder, except as provided in Section 11 above. Without limiting the foregoing,
Executive s right to receive payments hereunder shall not be assignable or transferable, whether by
pledge, creation of a security interest or otherwise, other than by a transfer by Executive s will

14 

or by the laws of descent and distribution and in the event of any attempted assignment or
transfer contrary to this Section 18 the Company shall have no liability to pay any amounts so
attempted to be assigned or transferred.

19. Legal Fees and Expenses. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, thereafter
the Company shall pay and be solely responsible for any and all attorneys and related fees and
expenses incurred by Executive to successfully (in whole or in part and whether by modification of
the Company s position, agreement, compromise, settlement, or administrative or judicial
determination) enforce this Agreement or any provision hereof or as a result of the Company or any
Shareholder of the Company contesting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any
provision hereof. To secure the foregoing obligation, the Company shall, within 90 days after being
requested by Executive to do so, enter into a contract with an insurance company, open a letter of
credit or establish an escrow in a form satisfactory to Executive. Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 19 to the contrary, in no event shall any payments made to Executive under this
Section 19 be made for expenses incurred by Executive following the end of the second calendar year
following the calendar year in which Executive s Date of Termination occurs, provided that the
period during which reimbursement for such expenses may be made may extend to the end of the third
calendar year in which Executive s Date of Termination occurs.

20. Employment Rights . Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement shall create
any right or duty on Executive s part or on the part of the Company to have Executive remain in the
employment of the Company prior to the commencement of the Period of Employment; provided, however,
that any termination or purported termination of Executive s employment by the Company without
Cause, or termination of Executive s employment by Executive under circumstances that would
constitute Good Reason had a Change in Control occurred, in either case following the commencement
of any discussion with a third party, or the announcement by a third party of the commencement of,
or the intention to commence a tender offer, or other intention to acquire all or a portion of the
equity securities of the Company that ultimately results in a Change in Control shall be deemed to
be a termination of Executive s employment after a Change in Control for purposes of (i) this
Agreement and both the Period of Employment and the Payment Period shall be deemed to have begun on
the day prior to such termination and (ii) the Company s Equity Compensation Plan as if the Change
in Control had occurred on the day prior to such termination (resulting in the full vesting and
extended exercisability of the Executive s outstanding stock options under, and in accordance with,
the provisions of the Equity Compensation Plan).

21. Right of Setoff. There shall be no right of setoff or counterclaim against, or
delay in, any payment by the Company to Executive or Executive s designated beneficiary or
beneficiaries provided for in this Agreement in respect of any claim against Executive or any debt
or obligation owed by Executive, whether arising hereunder or otherwise.

22. Rights to Other Benefits. The existence of the Agreement and Executive s rights
hereunder shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, Executive s rights under any other of the
Company s compensation and benefit plans and programs, and under any other contract or agreement
between Executive and the Company.

23. Prior Agreements. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all prior
agreements and understandings between the Company and the Executive with respect to the

15 

subject matter hereof. Any such prior agreements and understandings are no longer in force or
effect.

24. Compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code . Any payments under
this Agreement that are deemed to be deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section
409A Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, are intended to comply with
the requirements of Section 409A. To this end and notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment with the
Company, (i) the Company s securities are publicly traded on an established securities market; (ii)
Executive is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A); and (iii) the deferral of the
commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result
of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional
tax under Section 409A, then the Company will defer the commencement of such payments (without any
reduction in amount ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that are not paid within the
short-term deferral rule under Section 409A (and any regulations thereunder) or within the
 involuntary separation exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). Such deferral
shall last until the date that is six (6) months following Executive s termination of employment
with the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A). Any amounts the
payment of which are so deferred shall be paid in a lump sum payment within ten (10) days after the
end of such deferral period. If Executive dies during the deferral period prior to the payment of
any deferred amount, then the unpaid deferred amount shall be paid to the personal representative
of Executive s estate within sixty (60) days after the date of Executive s death. For purposes of
Section 409A, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated
as a right to a series of separate payments.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Stephen E. Macadam

Name: 
 Stephen E. Macadam 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Dale A. Herold

Dale A. Herold 

16 

EXHIBIT 1 

A. If as of Executive s Date of Termination Executive s years of continuous service under the
applicable retirement plans for purposes of determining eligibility for normal or early retirement
plus the length of Executive s Payment Period is at least 5, then

1. If as of Executive s Date of Termination Executive s age plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period is at least 65, Executive s retirement benefit under Section 5(f)
will be calculated as a normal retirement benefit to which Executive would have been
entitled under the terms of the retirement plan in which Executive participates had
Executive accumulated benefit service under the retirement plan that included the Payment
Period; and

2. If as of Executive s Date of Termination Executive s age plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period is at least 55 but less than 65, Executive s retirement benefit
under Section 5(f) will be calculated as an early retirement benefit to which Executive
would have been entitled under the terms of the retirement plan in which Executive
participates had Executive accumulated benefit service under the retirement plan that
included the Payment Period. The actuarial reduction used shall be the actuarial reduction
factor for early retirement, calculated to Executive s actual age plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period, at Executive s Date of Termination.

B. If as of Executive s Date of Termination the sum of Executive s years of continuous service
under the applicable retirement plans for purposes of determining eligibility for normal or early
retirement plus the length of Executive s Payment Period is less than 5, or Executive s age plus
the length of Executive s Payment Period is less than 55, Executive s retirement benefit under
Section 5(f) will be calculated as a deferred vested pension to which Executive would have been
entitled under the terms of the retirement plans in which Executive participates had Executive
accumulated benefit service under the retirement plan that included the Payment Period. The
actuarial reduction used shall be the actuarial reduction factor for a deferred vested pension,
calculated to Executive s actual age at Executive s Date of Termination plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period.

C. For purposes of Section 5(f), actuarial equivalent shall be determined using the same
methods and assumptions as those utilized under the Company s retirement plans and programs
immediately prior to the Change in Control.

EXHIBIT 2 
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 

I hereby designate the following person(s) as a beneficiary for the purposes of Section
6(b)(iv) to the extent of the percentage interest listed next to their name:

NAME

PERCENTAGE INTEREST 

TOTAL (CANNOT EXCEED 100 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 5
 g22340exv10w22.htm
 EX-10.22

exv10w22 

EXHIBIT 10.22 

MANAGEMENT CONTINUITY AGREEMENT 

THIS AGREEMENT dated as of this 27 th day of October 2009 between Kenneth Walker
(the Executive and EnPro Industries, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ).

WHEREAS, the Company considers it essential to the best interests of its shareholders to
foster the continuous employment of key management personnel in the event there is, or is
threatened, a change in control of the Company; and

WHEREAS , the Company recognizes that the uncertainty and questions which may arise among key
management in connection with the possibility of a change in control may result in the departure or
distraction of key management personnel to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders; and

WHEREAS , the Company desires to provide certain protection to Executive in the event of a
change in control of the Company as set forth in this Agreement in order to induce Executive to
remain in the employ of the Company notwithstanding any risks and uncertainties created by the
possibility of a change in control of the Company;

WITNESSETH: 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises herein contained,
the parties agree as follows:

1. Term . The Term of this Agreement shall mean the period commencing on the date
hereof and ending eighteen (18) months after such date; provided, however, that commencing on the
date one year after the date hereof, and on each annual anniversary of such date (such date and
each annual anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as the Renewal Date ), the Term
shall be automatically extended so as to terminate eighteen (18) months from such Renewal Date,
unless at least sixty (60) days prior to the Renewal Date the Company shall give notice to the
Executive that the Term shall not be so extended.

2. Period of Employment . Executive s Period of Employment shall commence on the
date on which a Change in Control occurs during the Term and shall end on the date that is eighteen
(18) months after the date on which such Change in Control occurs (subject to the provisions of
Section 20 below pursuant to which the Period of Employment may be deemed to have commenced prior
to the date of a Change in Control in certain circumstances).

3. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement:

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Cause shall mean Executive s termination of employment with the Company due to (A)
the willful and continued failure by Executive to substantially perform Executive s duties
with the Company, which failure causes material and demonstrable injury to the Company
(other than any such failure resulting from Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental
illness), after a demand for substantial performance is delivered

to Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board
believes that Executive has not substantially performed Executive s duties, and after
Executive has been given a period (hereinafter known as the Cure Period of at least
thirty (30) days to correct Executive s performance, or (B) the willful engaging by
Executive in other gross misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company.
For purposes hereof, no act, or failure to act, on Executive s part shall be considered
 willful unless conclusively demonstrated to have been done, or omitted to be done, by
Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive s action or
omission was in the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive
shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been
delivered to Executive a Notice of Termination which shall include a copy of a resolution
duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire
membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose (after
reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive, together with Executive s
counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board
Executive was guilty of conduct set forth above in clause (A) (including the expiration of
the Cure Period without the correction of Executive s performance) or clause (B) above and
specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

Change in Control shall mean:

(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act) of 20 or more of either (A) the then outstanding shares of common stock of
the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the
following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition
directly from the Company (other than by exercise of a conversion privilege), (B) any
acquisition by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (C) any acquisition by any employee
benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or (D) any acquisition by any company with respect to which, following such
acquisition, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of
such company and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such
company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were
the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such acquisition in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, solely in their capacity as shareholders of the Company,
immediately prior to such acquisition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; or (ii) individuals who, as of
the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Distribution Agreement among Goodrich
Corporation, EnPro Industries, Inc. and Coltec Industries Inc.), constitute the Board (the
 Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board;
provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Distribution
Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved
by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall
be considered as though such

2 

individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any
such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or
threatened election contest; or (iii) consummation of a reorganization, merger or
consolidation, in each case, with respect to which all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding
Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such
reorganization, merger or consolidation, do not, following such reorganization, merger or
consolidation, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, solely in their capacity as
shareholders of the Company, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of
common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the company
resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or
consolidation of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
Securities, as the case may be; or (iv) consummation of (A) a complete liquidation or
dissolution of the Company or (B) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, other than to a company, with respect to which following such
sale or other disposition, more than 70 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of
common stock of such company and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
securities of such company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then
beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals
and entities, solely in their capacity as shareholders of the Company, who were the
beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such sale or other disposition in
substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such sale or
other disposition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
Securities, as the case may be.

Date of Termination is as defined in Section 8 below.

Good Reason shall mean:

(i) without Executive s express written consent, (A) the assignment to Executive of any
new duties or responsibilities substantially inconsistent in character with Executive s
duties and responsibilities within the Company immediately prior to a Change in Control, (B)
any substantial adverse change in Executive s duties and responsibilities as in effect
immediately prior to a Change in Control, including, but not limited to, a reduction in
duties or responsibilities which occurs because the Company is no longer an independent
publicly-held entity, (C) any removal of Executive from or any failure to re-elect Executive
to any director position of the Company, (D) a change in the annual or long term incentive
plan in which Executive currently participates such that Executive s opportunity to earn
incentive compensation is impaired, (E) a material reduction in the aggregate value of
Company perquisites made available to Executive, (F) an elimination or material impairment
of Executive s ability to participate in retirement plans comparable to those in which
Executive currently participates, (G) any substantial increase in Executive s obligation to
travel on the Company s business over Executive s present business travel obligations, or
(H) an elimination or material impairment of Executive s ability to receive stock options
with values comparable to those Executive was granted within the one year period preceding
the commencement of the Period of Employment; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply
with any other of its obligations

3 

under Section 4 herein; (iii) the relocation of the offices of the Company at which
Executive was employed immediately prior to the Change in Control to a location which is
more than fifty (50) miles from such prior location, or the failure of the Company to (A)
pay or reimburse Executive, in accordance with the Company s relocation policy for its
employees in existence immediately prior to a Change in Control, for all reasonable costs
and expenses; plus gross ups referred to in such policy incurred by Executive relating to
a change of Executive s principal residence in connection with any relocation of the
Company s offices to which Executive consents, and (B) indemnify Executive against any loss
(defined as the difference between the actual sale price of such residence and the higher of
(1) Executive s aggregate investment in such residence or (2) the fair market value of such
residence as determined by the relocation management organization used by the Company
immediately prior to the Change in Control (or other real estate appraiser designated by
Executive and reasonably satisfactory to the Company)) realized in the sale of Executive s
principal residence in connection with any such change of residence; (iv) the failure of
the Company to obtain the assumption of and the agreement to perform this Agreement by any
successor as contemplated in Section 11 hereof; or (v) any purported termination of
Executive s employment during the Period of Employment which is not effected pursuant to a
Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of Section 7 hereof.

Incapacity Discharge means Executive s termination of employment with the Company if,
as a result of Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive shall
have been absent from Executive s duties with the Company on a full-time basis for
one-hundred twenty (120) consecutive business days, and within thirty (30) days after a
written Notice of Termination is given, Executive shall not have returned to the full-time
performance of Executive s duties.

Mandatory Retirement Date shall mean the compulsory retirement date, if any,
established by the Company for those executives of the Company who, by reason of their
positions and the size of their nonforfeitable annual retirement benefits under the
Company s pension, profit-sharing, and deferred compensation plans, are exempt from, the
provisions of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. Sections 621, et seq.,
which date shall not in any event be earlier for any executive than the last day of the
month in which such Executive reaches age 65.

Notice of Termination is as defined in Section 7 below.

Payment Period shall mean eighteen (18) months, provided that the Payment Period
shall not exceed the number of whole calendar months between the Executive s Date of
Termination and Mandatory Retirement Date (if applicable).

4. Compensation During Period of Employment . For so long during Executive s Period of
Employment as Executive is an employee of the Company, the Company shall be obligated to compensate
Executive as follows:

(a) Executive shall continue to receive Executive s full base salary at the rate in
effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. Executive s base salary shall be
increased annually, with each such increase due on the anniversary date of Executive s most
recent previous increase. Each such increase shall be no less than an amount which

4 

at least equals on a percentage basis the mean of the annualized percentage increases
in base salary for all elected officers of the Company during the two full calendar years
immediately preceding the Change in Control.

(b) Executive shall continue to participate in all benefit and compensation plans
(including but not limited to the Equity Compensation Plan, Long-Term Incentive Program,
Performance Share Deferred Compensation Plan, Annual Performance Plan, Executive Life
Insurance Program, Deferred Compensation Plan, 401(K) plan, savings plan, flexible benefits
plan, life insurance plan, health and accident plan or disability plan) in which Executive
was participating immediately prior to the Change in Control, or in plans providing
substantially similar benefits, in either case upon terms and conditions and at levels at
least as favorable as those provided to Executive under the plans in which Executive was
participating immediately prior to the Change in Control;

(c) Executive shall continue to receive all fringe benefits, perquisites, and similar
arrangements which Executive was entitled to receive immediately prior to the Change in
Control; and

(d) Executive shall continue to receive annually the number of paid vacation days and
holidays Executive was entitled to receive immediately prior to the Change in Control.

5. Compensation Upon Termination of Employment . The following provisions set forth
the benefits that may become payable to Executive upon termination of employment with the Company
during the Period of Employment in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of Section 6
below:

(a) By not later than the fifth business day following the Date of Termination, the
Company shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of the following:

(i) any base salary that is earned but unpaid as of the Date of Termination;

(ii) a pro rata portion of the target incentive amount under the Annual
Performance Plan for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs
(based on the number of calendar days in such calendar year completed through the
Date of Termination); and

(iii) a pro rata portion of the calculated market value of the phantom
Performance Shares, if any, awarded to Executive under the Company s Long-Term
Incentive Program (the LTIP for each Plan Cycle under the LTIP that has not been
completed as of the Date of Termination, determined as follows:

(A) The performance for each such Plan Cycle under the applicable LTIP
award agreement shall be determined based on (x) for any completed calendar
year of the Plan Cycle as of the Date of Termination, actual performance for
the calendar year, (y) for the calendar year in which the Date of
Termination occurs if at least one calendar quarter has been completed
during such calendar year, the greater of target

5 

performance for the calendar year or actual performance for the
completed calendar quarter(s) for the calendar year annualized for the year,
and (z) for any other calendar years of the Plan Cycle, target performance
for the calendar year.

(B) The number of phantom Performance Shares for each such Plan Cycle
shall be adjusted in accordance with the formula set forth in the applicable
LTIP award agreement based on the performance for the Plan Cycle determined
under paragraph (A) above.

(C) The pro rata portion of the calculated market value of the
number of phantom Performance Shares adjusted in accordance with paragraph
(B) above shall be based on the number of calendar days in the Plan Cycle
completed through the Date of Termination.

Section 5(c) below sets for the method for determining the target incentive amount under
the Annual Performance Plan and the calculated market value of phantom Performance Shares
under the LTIP. Any amounts payable under Sections 5(a)(ii) or (iii) above shall be offset
dollar-for-dollar by any pro rata payments otherwise provided for under the Annual
Performance Plan or the LTIP.

(b) In lieu of any salary payments that Executive would have received if he had
continued in the employment of the Company during the Payment Period, the Company shall pay
to Executive in a lump sum, by not later than the fifth business day following the Date of
Termination, an amount equal to one-twelfth of Executive s annualized base salary in effect
immediately prior to the Date of Termination, multiplied by the number of months in the
Payment Period.

(c) By not later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the Company
shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of:

(i) under the Annual Performance Plan (and in lieu of any further awards under
the Annual Performance Plan that Executive would have received if he had continued
in the employment of the Company during the Payment Period), the number of months in
the Payment Period multiplied by the greatest of one-twelfth of: (A) the amount most
recently paid to Executive for a full calendar year; (B) Executive s target
incentive amount for the calendar year in which his Date of Termination occurs; or
(C) Executive s target incentive amount in effect prior to the Change in Control
for the calendar year in which the Change in Control occurs; plus, if applicable,

(ii) under the LTIP (and in lieu of any further grants under the LTIP that
Executive would have received if he had continued in the employment of the Company
during the Payment Period), twelve (12) multiplied by the greatest of: (A) with
respect to the most recently completed Plan Cycle as of the Date of Termination,
one-twelfth of the calculated market value of the Performance Shares actually
awarded Executive (including the value of any Performance Shares Executive may have
elected to defer under the Performance Share Deferred Compensation Program); (B)
with respect to the most recently

6 

commenced Plan Cycle under the LTIP (if Executive is a participant in such Plan
Cycle) prior to Executive s Date of Termination, one-twelfth of the calculated
market value of the phantom Performance Shares, if any, awarded to Executive; or
(C) with respect to the most recently commenced Plan Cycle prior to the date of the
occurrence of the Change in Control, one-twelfth of the calculated market value of
the phantom Performance Shares, if any, awarded to Executive.

For purposes of this Section 5, Executive s target incentive amount under the
Annual Performance Plan for a given calendar year (i.e., the calendar year in which
the Date of Termination occurs or the Change in Control occurs, as applicable) is
determined by multiplying (i) Executive s annualized total gross base salary for the
calendar year by (ii) the incentive target percentage which is applicable to
Executive s incentive category under the Annual Performance Plan for the calendar
year. For purposes of this Section 5, the calculated market value of each
Performance Share actually awarded upon completion of a Plan Cycle, Performance
Share deferred under the Performance Share Deferred Compensation Program or phantom
Performance Share granted under the LTIP shall be the mean of the high and low
prices of the Company s common stock on the relevant date as reported on the New
York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions listing (or similar report), or, if no
sale was made on such date, then on the next preceding day on which a sale was made
multiplied by the number of shares involved in the calculation. The relevant date
for Section 5(a)(iii) and clauses 5(c)(ii)(B) and 5(c)(ii)(C) is the date upon which
the Compensation Committee Committee of the Board of Directors awarded the
phantom Performance Shares in question; for clause 5(c)(ii)(A) the relevant date is
the date on which the Committee made a determination of attainment of financial
objectives and awarded Performance Shares (including any Performance Shares
Executive may have elected to defer under the Performance Share Deferred
Compensation Program).

Any payments received pursuant to Sections 5(c)(i) or (ii) above shall be in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any payments required to be made to Executive as
the result of the happening of an event that would constitute a change in control
pursuant to the provisions of the Annual Performance Plan or LTIP, as applicable.

(d) By not later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the Company
shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of:

(i) If Executive is under age 55, or over the age of 55 but not eligible to
retire, at the Date of Termination the present value of all health and welfare
benefits the Executive would have been entitled to had the Executive continued as an
employee of the Company during the Payment Period and been entitled to or
participated in the same health and welfare benefits during the Payment Period as
immediately prior to the Date of Termination plus an amount in cash equal to the
amount necessary to cause the amount of the aggregate after-tax lump sum payment the
Executive receives pursuant to this provision to be equal to the aggregate after-tax
value of the benefits which Executive would have received if Executive continued to
receive such benefits as an employee; or

7 

(ii) If Executive is age 55 or over and eligible to retire on the Date of
Termination, the present value of the health and welfare benefits to which Executive
would have been entitled under the Company s general retirement policies if
Executive retired on the Date of Termination with the Company paying that percentage
of the premium cost of the plans which it would have paid under the terms of the
plans in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control with respect to
individuals who retire at age 65, regardless of Executive s actual age on the
Termination Date, provided such lump sum value would be at least equal to the lump
sum value of the benefits which would have been payable if Executive had been
eligible to retire and had retired immediately prior to the Change in Control.

(e) By not later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the Company
shall pay Executive in a lump sum an amount equal to the sum of the present value of the
fringe benefit programs, perquisites (if any), and similar arrangements the Executive would
have been entitled to receive had the Executive continued in employment with the Company for
the Payment Period and been entitled to or participated in the same such benefits during the
Payment Period as immediately prior to the Date of Termination. In addition and
notwithstanding any provision of the Company s 2002 Equity Compensation Plan (or any
comparable equity award plan of the Company) or any applicable award agreement thereunder to
the contrary, Executive may exercise any of Executive s stock options that are vested as of
Executive s Date of Termination at any time during the Payment Period (but not exceeding the
original expiration date of the options).

(f) The Company shall, in addition to the benefits to which Executive is entitled under
the retirement plans or programs sponsored by the Company or its affiliates in which
Executive participates (including without limitation any Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan in which Executive participates, if applicable), pay Executive in a lump sum in cash by
no later than the fifth day following the Date of Termination an amount equal to the
actuarial equivalent of the retirement pension to which Executive would have been entitled
under the terms of such retirement plans or programs had Executive accumulated additional
years of continuous service under such plans equal in length to Executive s Payment Period.
The length of the Payment Period will be added to total years of continuous service for
determining vesting, the amount of benefit accrual, to the age which Executive will be
considered to be for the purposes of determining eligibility for normal or early retirement
calculations and the age used for determining the amount of any actuarial reduction. For the
purposes of calculating the additional benefit accrual under this paragraph, the amount of
compensation Executive will be deemed to have received during each month of Executive s
Payment Period shall be equal to the sum of Executive s annual base salary prorated on a
monthly basis as provided for under Section 4(a) immediately prior to the Date of
Termination (including salary increases), plus under the Company s Annual Performance Plan
the greatest of one-twelfth of:

(i) the amount most recently paid to Executive for a full calendar year,

(ii) Executive s target incentive amount for the calendar year in which
Executive s Date of Termination occurs, or

8 

(iii) Executive s target incentive amount in effect prior to the Change in
Control for the calendar year in which the Change in Control occurs. Attached as
Exhibit 1 is an illustration, not intending to be exhaustive, of examples of how
inclusion of the Payment Period may affect the calculation of Executive s retirement
benefit.

(g) In no event shall any amount payable to Executive described in this Section 5 be
considered compensation or earnings under any pension, savings or other retirement plan of
the Company.

6. Termination .

(a) Termination Without Compensation. If Executive s employment is terminated for any
of the following reasons, Executive shall not be entitled by virtue of this Agreement to any
of the benefits provided in the foregoing Section 5:

(i) If, prior to the commencement of the Period of Employment, Executive s
employment with the Company is terminated at any time for any reason, including
without limitation due to (A) Executive s death, (B) an Incapacity Discharge, (C) a
termination initiated by the Company with or without Cause or (D) resignation,
retirement or other termination initiated by Executive with or without Good Reason,
subject, however, to the provisions of Section 20 below.

(ii) If Executive s employment with the Company is terminated during the
Period of Employment with Cause.

(iii) If Executive resigns, retires or otherwise voluntarily terminates
employment with the Company during the Period of Employment without Good Reason.

(b) Termination with Compensation. If Executive s employment is terminated for any of
the following reasons, Executive shall be entitled by virtue of this Agreement to the
benefits provided in the foregoing Section 5 as follows:

(i) If, during the Period of Employment, the Company discharges Executive
other than for Cause, Executive shall receive all of the benefits and payments
provided in Section 5.

(ii) Executive may terminate his employment with the Company at any time
during the Period of Employment for Good Reason Good Reason Termination and
shall receive all of the benefits and payments provided in Section 5.

(iii) If, during the Period of Employment, Executive either (A) retires from
employment with the Company or (B) if the Company discharges Executive due to an
Incapacity Discharge, in either case while Executive has cause to terminate his
employment as a Good Reason Termination (whether or not Executive has provided
Notice of Termination to the Company pursuant to

9 

Section 7), Executive shall receive all of the benefits and payments provided
in Section 5.

(iv) If Executive dies while employed by the Company during the Period of
Employment while having cause to terminate his employment as a Good Reason
Termination (whether or not Executive has provided Notice of Termination to the
Company pursuant to Section 7), Executive s beneficiary or beneficiaries named on
Exhibit 2 to this Agreement (or Executive s estate if he has not named a
beneficiary) shall be entitled to receive those payments provided under Sections
5(a), 5(b) and 5(c) of this Agreement in addition to any benefits that such
beneficiaries would be entitled under any other plan, program or policy of the
Company as a result of Executive s employment with the Company.

(v) Executive may become eligible for the benefits and payments under Section
5 for termination of employment prior to a Change in Control in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of Section 20 below.

7. Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or
any termination by Executive as a Good Reason Termination shall be communicated by written notice
to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, such notice shall be referred to as a
 Notice of Termination. Such notice shall, to the extent applicable, set forth the specific reason
for termination, and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated.

8. Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean:

(a) If Executive terminates Executive s employment as a Good Reason Termination, the
date specified in the Notice of Termination, but in no event more than sixty (60) days after
Notice of Termination is given.

(b) If Executive s employment is terminated with Cause, the date on which a Notice of
Termination is given, except that the Date of Termination shall not be any date prior to the
date on which the Cure Period expires without the correction of Executive s performance (if
applicable).

(c) If Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement is terminated following
absence due to physical incapacity as an Incapacity Discharge, then the Date of Termination
shall be thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given (provided that Executive
shall not have returned to the performance of Executive s duties on a full-time basis during
such thirty (30) day period).

(d) A termination of employment by either the Company or by Executive shall not affect
any rights Executive or Executive s surviving spouse or beneficiaries may have pursuant to
any other agreement or plan of the Company providing benefits to Executive, except as
provided in such agreement or plan.

10 

9. Adjustments to Payments .

(a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event it shall
be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company to Executive or for
Executive s benefit (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the Payments would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 (or any successor provisions) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Code ), or any interest or penalty is incurred by Executive with respect to
such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties, is
hereinafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax ), then the Payments shall be
reduced (but not below zero) if and to the extent that such reduction would result in
Executive retaining a larger amount, on an after-tax basis (taking into account federal,
state and local income taxes and the imposition of the Excise Tax), than if Executive
received all of the Payments. The Company shall reduce or eliminate the Payments, by first
reducing or eliminating the portion of the Payments which are not payable in cash and then
by reducing or eliminating cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with
payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the determination.

(b) All determinations required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and
when an adjustment to any Payments is required and, if applicable, which Payments are to be
so adjusted, shall be made by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC (or their successors) (the
 Accounting Firm which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company
and to Executive within fifteen (15) business days of the receipt of notice from Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. In the
event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual,
entity or group effecting the Change in Control, Executive shall appoint another nationally
recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder (which accounting
firm shall then be referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of
the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. If the Accounting Firm determines
that no Excise Tax is payable by Executive, it shall furnish Executive with a written
opinion that failure to report the Excise Tax on Executive s applicable federal income tax
return would not result in the imposition of a negligence or similar penalty. Any
determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and Executive.

10. No Obligation to Mitigate Damages, No Effect on Other Contractual Rights. 
Executive shall not be required to refund the amount of any payment or employee benefit provided
for or otherwise mitigate damages under this Agreement by seeking or accepting other employment or
otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment required to be made under this Agreement be reduced
by any compensation earned by Executive as the result of any employment by another employer after
the date of termination of Executive s employment with the Company, or otherwise. Upon receipt of
written notice from Executive that Executive has been reemployed by another company or entity on a
full-time basis, benefits, fringe benefits and perquisites otherwise receivable by Executive
pursuant to Sections 5(d) or 5(e) related to life, health, disability and accident insurance plans
and programs and other similar benefits, company cars, financial planning, country club
memberships, and the like (but not incentive compensation, LTIP, pension plans or other similar
plans and programs) shall be reduced to the extent

11 

comparable benefits are made available to Executive at his new employment and any such
benefits actually received by Executive shall be reported to the Company by Executive.

The provisions of the Agreement, and any payment or benefit provided for hereunder shall not
reduce any amount otherwise payable, or in any way diminish Executive s existing rights, or rights
which would occur solely as a result of the passage of time, under any other agreement, contract,
plan or arrangement with the Company.

11. Successors and Binding Agreement. 

(a) The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase,
merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of
the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive, to assume and
agree to perform this Agreement.

(b) This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and any successor of or to the
Company, including, without limitation, any person acquiring directly or indirectly all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company whether by merger, consolidation, sale or
otherwise (and such successor shall thereafter be deemed the Company for the purposes of
this Agreement), but shall not otherwise be assignable by the Company.

(c) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and
Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs,
distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts would still
be payable to Executive pursuant to Sections 5 and 6 hereunder if Executive had continued to
live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement to Executive s devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if there
be no such designee, to Executive s estate.

12. Notices . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications
provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to the respective addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement, provided that
all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company with a copy to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other address as either party may
have furnished to the other in writing, except that notices of change of address shall be effective
only upon receipt.

13. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to
the principles of conflict of laws of such State.

14. Miscellaneous. No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived or
discharged, and this Agreement may not be terminated before the end of the Term, unless such
waiver, modification, discharge or termination is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and
the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto
or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other
party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same

12 

or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise,
express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by either party which
is not set forth expressly in this Agreement.

15. Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect.

16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same
agreement.

17. Withholding of Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under
this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or
government regulation or ruling.

18. Nonassignability. This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties
hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or
obligations hereunder, except as provided in Section 11 above. Without limiting the foregoing,
Executive s right to receive payments hereunder shall not be assignable or transferable, whether by
pledge, creation of a security interest or otherwise, other than by a transfer by Executive s will
or by the laws of descent and distribution and in the event of any attempted assignment or transfer
contrary to this Section 18 the Company shall have no liability to pay any amounts so attempted to
be assigned or transferred.

19. Legal Fees and Expenses. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, thereafter
the Company shall pay and be solely responsible for any and all attorneys and related fees and
expenses incurred by Executive to successfully (in whole or in part and whether by modification of
the Company s position, agreement, compromise, settlement, or administrative or judicial
determination) enforce this Agreement or any provision hereof or as a result of the Company or any
Shareholder of the Company contesting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any
provision hereof. To secure the foregoing obligation, the Company shall, within 90 days after being
requested by Executive to do so, enter into a contract with an insurance company, open a letter of
credit or establish an escrow in a form satisfactory to Executive. Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 19 to the contrary, in no event shall any payments made to Executive under this
Section 19 be made for expenses incurred by Executive following the end of the second calendar year
following the calendar year in which Executive s Date of Termination occurs, provided that the
period during which reimbursement for such expenses may be made may extend to the end of the third
calendar year in which Executive s Date of Termination occurs.

20. Employment Rights . Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement shall create
any right or duty on Executive s part or on the part of the Company to have Executive remain in the
employment of the Company prior to the commencement of the Period of Employment; provided, however,
that any termination or purported termination of Executive s employment by the Company without
Cause, or termination of Executive s employment by Executive under circumstances that would
constitute Good Reason had a Change in Control occurred, in either case following the commencement
of any discussion with a third party, or the announcement by a third party of the commencement of,
or the intention to commence a tender

13 

offer, or other intention to acquire all or a portion of the equity securities of the Company
that ultimately results in a Change in Control shall be deemed to be a termination of Executive s
employment after a Change in Control for purposes of (i) this Agreement and both the Period of
Employment and the Payment Period shall be deemed to have begun on the day prior to such
termination and (ii) the Company s Equity Compensation Plan as if the Change in Control had
occurred on the day prior to such termination (resulting in the full vesting and extended
exercisability of the Executive s outstanding stock options under, and in accordance with, the
provisions of the Equity Compensation Plan).

21. Right of Setoff. There shall be no right of setoff or counterclaim against, or
delay in, any payment by the Company to Executive or Executive s designated beneficiary or
beneficiaries provided for in this Agreement in respect of any claim against Executive or any debt
or obligation owed by Executive, whether arising hereunder or otherwise.

22. Rights to Other Benefits. The existence of the Agreement and Executive s rights
hereunder shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, Executive s rights under any other of the
Company s compensation and benefit plans and programs, and under any other contract or agreement
between Executive and the Company.

23. Prior Agreements. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all prior
agreements and understandings between the Company and the Executive with respect to the subject
matter hereof. Any such prior agreements and understandings are no longer in force or effect.

24. Compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code . Any payments under
this Agreement that are deemed to be deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section
409A Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, are intended to comply with
the requirements of Section 409A. To this end and notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment with the
Company, (i) the Company s securities are publicly traded on an established securities market; (ii)
Executive is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A); and (iii) the deferral of the
commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result
of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional
tax under Section 409A, then the Company will defer the commencement of such payments (without any
reduction in amount ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that are not paid within the
short-term deferral rule under Section 409A (and any regulations thereunder) or within the
 involuntary separation exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). Such deferral
shall last until the date that is six (6) months following Executive s termination of employment
with the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A). Any amounts the
payment of which are so deferred shall be paid in a lump sum payment within ten (10) days after the
end of such deferral period. If Executive dies during the deferral period prior to the payment of
any deferred amount, then the unpaid deferred amount shall be paid to the personal representative
of Executive s estate within sixty (60) days after the date of Executive s death. For purposes of
Section 409A, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated
as a right to a series of separate payments.

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Stephen E. Macadam

Name: 
 Stephen E. Macadam 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Kenneth Walker

Kenneth Walker 

15 

EXHIBIT 1 

A. If as of Executive s Date of Termination Executive s years of continuous service under the
applicable retirement plans for purposes of determining eligibility for normal or early retirement
plus the length of Executive s Payment Period is at least 5, then

1. If as of Executive s Date of Termination Executive s age plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period is at least 65, Executive s retirement benefit under Section 5(f)
will be calculated as a normal retirement benefit to which Executive would have been
entitled under the terms of the retirement plan in which Executive participates had
Executive accumulated benefit service under the retirement plan that included the Payment
Period; and

2. If as of Executive s Date of Termination Executive s age plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period is at least 55 but less than 65, Executive s retirement benefit
under Section 5(f) will be calculated as an early retirement benefit to which Executive
would have been entitled under the terms of the retirement plan in which Executive
participates had Executive accumulated benefit service under the retirement plan that
included the Payment Period. The actuarial reduction used shall be the actuarial reduction
factor for early retirement, calculated to Executive s actual age plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period, at Executive s Date of Termination.

B. If as of Executive s Date of Termination the sum of Executive s years of continuous service
under the applicable retirement plans for purposes of determining eligibility for normal or early
retirement plus the length of Executive s Payment Period is less than 5, or Executive s age plus
the length of Executive s Payment Period is less than 55, Executive s retirement benefit under
Section 5(f) will be calculated as a deferred vested pension to which Executive would have been
entitled under the terms of the retirement plans in which Executive participates had Executive
accumulated benefit service under the retirement plan that included the Payment Period. The
actuarial reduction used shall be the actuarial reduction factor for a deferred vested pension,
calculated to Executive s actual age at Executive s Date of Termination plus the length of
Executive s Payment Period.

C. For purposes of Section 5(f), actuarial equivalent shall be determined using the same
methods and assumptions as those utilized under the Company s retirement plans and programs
immediately prior to the Change in Control.

EXHIBIT 2 
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 

I hereby designate the following person(s) as a beneficiary for the purposes of Section
6(b)(iv) to the extent of the percentage interest listed next to their name:

NAME

PERCENTAGE INTEREST 

TOTAL (CANNOT EXCEED 100 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.32>
 6
 g22340exv10w32.htm
 EX-10.32

exv10w32 

Exhibit 10.32 

Summary of Director and Executive Officer Compensation Arrangements 

In addition to the compensation arrangements filed as other exhibits to this annual report,
EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company has the following compensation arrangements with its
directors and named executive officers.

Compensation Arrangements for Directors 

The Company has an arrangement to pay non-employee members of the Company s board of directors
compensation for their service on the board. Effective for 2010, each non-employee member of the
Company s board of directors receives an annual retainer of 150,000, 75,000 of which is paid in
cash and 75,000 of which is paid in phantom shares of our common stock upon the director s
termination of service as a director. The non-executive chairman of the board receives an
additional monthly fee of 15,000, the chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee receives
an additional annual fee of 8,000, and the chairmen of the Compensation and Human Resources
Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee each receive an annual fee of
 6,000. Non-employee directors also receive an initial grant of 30,000, which is paid in phantom
shares of our common stock, upon initial election or appointment to the board.

Compensation Arrangements for Named Executive Officers 

The Company s chief executive officer and its four other most highly compensated executive
officers, along with information for Mr. Herold, who served as an executive officer in 2009 until
he became president of the Company s Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC subsidiary, based on 2009
base salaries and bonuses (such six individuals, the named executive officers ), are all at-will 
employees who serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. The board of directors sets the
annual base salary for each of the named executive officers and has the discretion to change the
salary of any of the officers at any time. Effective for 2010, the annual base salaries for the
named executive officers are as follows:

Named Executive Officer 
 
 Base Salary 

Stephen E. Macadam

825,000 

William Dries

350,000 

Richard L. Magee

313,000 

J. Milton Childress II

250,000 

Robert P. McKinney

212,000 

Dale A. Herold

270,000 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21>
 7
 g22340exv21.htm
 EX-21

exv21 

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of EnPro Industries, Inc. 
(as of March 3, 2010) 

of Voting 

Place of 
 
 Securities 

Consolidated Subsidiary Companies 
 
 Incorporation 
 
 Owned 

EnPro Industries, Inc.

North Carolina 
 
 100 

Coltec Industries Inc

Pennsylvania 
 
 100 

Coltec do Brasil Productos Industriais Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 89 

Coltec Finance Company Limited

United Kingdom 
 
 100 

Coltec Industrial Products LLC

Delaware 
 
 100 

Coltec Industries Pacific Pte Ltd

Singapore 
 
 100 

EnPro India Private Limited

India 
 
 100 

Coltec International Services Co.

Delaware 
 
 100 

Coltec do Brasil Productos
Industriais Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 11 

Garlock Korea, Inc.

Korea 
 
 11 

Stempro de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

Mexico 
 
 25 

Compressor Products Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 
 
 100 

Allwest Compressor Products ULC

Alberta, Canada 
 
 100 

Compressor Services Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 
 
 100 

Texflo Compressor Services, ULC

Alberta, Canada 
 
 100 

Compressor Products Holdings, Limited

United Kingdom 
 
 100 

Compressor Products International Ltd.

United Kingdom 
 
 100 

Compressor Products
International, Inc.

Texas 
 
 100 

CPI Investments Limited

United Kingdom 
 
 100 

Compressor Products
International Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 1 

CPI Pacific Pty Limited

Australia 
 
 100 

CPI SARL

France 
 
 100 

Robix Limited

United Kingdom 
 
 100 

Compressor Products
International Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 99 

CAB Compressores
Ind stria e Com rcio
Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 100 

Corrosion Control Corporation

Colorado 
 
 100 

EnPro Industries Int l Trading (Shanghai)
Co., Ltd.

China 
 
 100 

EnPro Hong Kong Holdings Company Limited

China 
 
 100 

Garlock Sealing Technologies
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

China 
 
 100 

EnPro Corporate Consulting (Shanghai)
Co. Ltd.

China 
 
 100 

GGB LLC

Delaware 
 
 100 

Garlock (Great Britain) Limited

United Kingdom 
 
 100 

Garlock Korea, Inc.

Korea 
 
 89 

Garlock Sealing Technologies LLC

North Carolina 
 
 100 

Garlock International Inc

Delaware 
 
 100 

Garlock of Canada Ltd

Ontario, Canada 
 
 100 

Garlock de Mexico, S.A.

Mexico 
 
 99.9 

Garlock Overseas Corporation

Delaware 
 
 100 

Garlock de Mexico, S.A.

Mexico 
 
 0.1 

Garlock Pty Limited

Australia 
 
 100 

Garlock Valqua Japan, Inc.

Japan 
 
 49 

of Voting 

Place of 
 
 Securities 

Consolidated Subsidiary Companies 
 
 Incorporation 
 
 Owned 

Garrison Litigation Management Group, Ltd.

North Carolina 
 
 100 

The Anchor Packing Company

North Carolina 
 
 100 

GGB Brasil Industria de Mancais E Componentes
Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 0.1 

GGB, Inc.

Delaware 
 
 100 

EnPro Luxembourg Holding Company S.a.r.l.

Luxembourg 
 
 100 

EnPro German Holding GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

GGB Heilbronn GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

GGB Kunststoff-Technologie GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

Holley Automotive Systems GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

Coltec Industries France SAS

France 
 
 100 

Garlock France SAS

France 
 
 100 

Liard S.A.S.

France 
 
 100 

Garlock GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

Compressor Products International GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

GGB Austria GmbH

Austria 
 
 100 

GGB Bearing Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.

China 
 
 100 

GGB Brasil Industria de Mancais E
Componentes Ltda.

Brazil 
 
 99.9 

GGB Italy s.r.l.

Italy 
 
 100 

GGB Real Estate GmbH

Germany 
 
 100 

GGB Slovakia s.r.o.

Slovakia 
 
 100 

GGB Tristar Suisse S.A.

Switzerland 
 
 100 

GGB Holdings E.U.R.L.

France 
 
 100 

GGB France E.U.R.L.

France 
 
 100 

HTCI Inc.

Michigan 
 
 100 

Kunshan Q-Tech Air System Technologies Ltd.

China 
 
 100 

QFM Sales and Services, Inc.

Delaware 
 
 100 

Stemco Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 
 
 100 

Stemco LP

Texas 
 
 99 

Stemco Crewson LLC

Texas 
 
 20 

Stemco LP

Texas 
 
 1 

Stempro de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

Mexico 
 
 75 

V.W. Kaiser Engineering

Michigan 
 
 100 

2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 g22340exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-130857) and Form S-8
 (Nos. 333-89576, 333-89580, 333-107775, 333-113284 and 333-159099) of EnPro Industries, Inc. of our report
dated March 3, 2010 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina 
March 3, 2010

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 9
 g22340exv23w2.htm
 EX-23.2

exv23w2 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF EXPERT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8, No.
333-89576) pertaining to the EnPro Industries, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan for Hourly Workers, the
Registration Statement (Form S-8, No. 333-89580) pertaining to the EnPro Industries, Inc.
Retirement Savings Plan for Salaried Workers, the Registration Statement (Form S-8, No. 333-107775
and Form S-8, No. 333-159099) pertaining to the EnPro Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2002
Equity Compensation Plan, and the Registration Statement (Form S-8, No. 333-113284) pertaining to
the EnPro Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, of excerpts of
our report dated February 2, 2010, with respect to the estimation of the liability of Garlock
Sealing Technologies LLC for pending and reasonably estimable unasserted future asbestos claims,
which excerpts are included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of EnPro Industries, Inc. for the
year ended December 31, 2009.

/s/ Bates White, LLC

Washington, D.C. 
March 2, 2010

</EX-23.2>

<EX-24.1>
 10
 g22340exv24w1.htm
 EX-24.1

exv24w1 

Exhibit 24.1 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints
William Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act
without the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and
agents, for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all
exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as
fully as to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and
confirms all that such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ J. P. Bolduc

J. P. Bolduc 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-24.2>
 11
 g22340exv24w2.htm
 EX-24.2

exv24w2 

Exhibit 24.2 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints
William Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act
without the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and
agents, for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all
exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as
fully as to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and
confirms all that such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ Peter C. Browning

Peter C. Browning 

</EX-24.2>

<EX-24.3>
 12
 g22340exv24w3.htm
 EX-24.3

exv24w3 

Exhibit 24.3 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints
William Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act
without the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and
agents, for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all
exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as
fully as to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and
confirms all that such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 18 th day of February 2010.

/s/ Diane C. Creel

Diane C. Creel 

</EX-24.3>

<EX-24.4>
 13
 g22340exv24w4.htm
 EX-24.4

exv24w4 

Exhibit 24.4 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints William
Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act without
the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents,
for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully as to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that
such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ Gordon D. Harnett

Gordon D. Harnett 

</EX-24.4>

<EX-24.5>
 14
 g22340exv24w5.htm
 EX-24.5

exv24w5 

Exhibit 24.5 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints William
Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act without
the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents,
for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully as to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that
such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ David L. Hauser

David L. Hauser 

</EX-24.5>

<EX-24.6>
 15
 g22340exv24w6.htm
 EX-24.6

exv24w6 

Exhibit 24.6 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints William
Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act without
the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents,
for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully as to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that
such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ William R. Holland

William R. Holland 

</EX-24.6>

<EX-24.7>
 16
 g22340exv24w7.htm
 EX-24.7

exv24w7 

Exhibit 24.7 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints William
Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act without
the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents,
for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully as to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that
such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ Wilbur J. Prezzano, Jr.

Wilbur J. Prezzano, Jr. 

</EX-24.7>

<EX-24.8>
 17
 g22340exv24w8.htm
 EX-24.8

exv24w8 

Exhibit 24.8 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

THE UNDERSIGNED director of EnPro Industries, Inc. (the Company ), hereby appoints William
Dries, Richard L. Magee and Jeff T. Harris, and each of them singly, with full power to act without
the other and with full power of substitution, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents,
for him and in his name, place and stead, to execute on his behalf, the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and grants unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully as to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that
such attorneys-in-fact or agents, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue thereof.

EXECUTED on the 10 th day of February 2010.

/s/ Don DeFosset

Don DeFosset 

</EX-24.8>

<EX-31.1>
 18
 g22340exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Stephen E. Macadam, President and Chief Executive Officer of EnPro Industries, Inc.
(the registrant ), certify that:

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of the registrant;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 3, 2010 
 /s/ Stephen E. Macadam

Stephen E. Macadam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 19
 g22340exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, William Dries, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EnPro Industries,
Inc. (the registrant ), certify that:

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of the registrant;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 3, 2010 
 /s/ William Dries

William Dries 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 20
 g22340exv32.htm
 EX-32

exv32 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION 

The undersigned chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the registrant
each certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge, this report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that to his knowledge, the
information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the registrant.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to EnPro Industries, Inc. and will be retained by EnPro Industries, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

Date: March 3, 2010 
 /s/ Stephen E. Macadam

Stephen E. Macadam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 3, 2010 
 /s/ William Dries

William Dries 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

