<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100415_10-K_edgar_data_1074929_0001062993-10-001243.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>639120</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>200687</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>142244</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>243420</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-10-001243.hdr.sgml : 20100415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100415172348
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-10-001243
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAVERICK MINERALS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001074929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PROFESSIONAL & COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880410480
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25515
		FILM NUMBER:		10752895

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2501 LANSDOWNE AVE
		STREET 2:		SASKATOON
		CITY:			SASKATCHEWAN CANADA
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			S7J 1H3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		306-343-5799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2501 LANSDOWNE AVE
		STREET 2:		SASKATOON
		CITY:			SASKATCHEWAN CANADA
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S7J 1H3

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARVERICK MINERALS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020516

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIFIC CART SERVICES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FPfeH6lnSpTpEDxoYfM9xrnY+S74qld/adcO6LnTUN319eN++qsdnjuu+1ZIb3Ma
 88UDuwTbfVD37ZcX1tixxQ==

 0001062993-10-001243.txt : 20100415

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009

Maverick Minerals Corporation: Form 10K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20549 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 
 [ x ] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from
______________to________________ 
 Commission file number 000-25515 
 MAVERICK MINERALS
CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada 
 88-0410480 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
 organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

2501 Lansdowne Ave., 

Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada 
 S7J 1H3 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code
 306-343-5799 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

None 
 N/A 
 
 Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value (Title of
class) 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes[ ] No[ x ] 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes[ ] No [ x ] 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes[ x ] No[ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes[ ] No[ ] 
 Indicate by checkmark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 
229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer
 [ ] 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting
 company) 
 Accelerated filer [ ] Smaller
 reporting company [ x ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes[ ] No[ x ] 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such
common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter: 67,530 based on a price of 0.05 per share,
being the last price at which the registrant s common equity was sold. 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY
PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all
documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes[ ] No[ ] N/A 
 (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
 10,476,761 issued and outstanding as of April 14, 2010. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by
reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which
the document is incorporated: (1) any annual report to security holders; (2) any
proxy or information statement; and (3) any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule
424(b) or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be
clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security
holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). Not Applicable 
 -2- 

PART I 
 Forward Looking Statements. 
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements
relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you
can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should ,
 expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts ,
 potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section
entitled Risk Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our
or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in
limitation: 
 
 risks and uncertainties relating to the interpretation of drill results,
 the geology, grade and continuity of mineral deposits;
 results of initial feasibility, pre-feasibility and feasibility studies,
 and the possibility that future exploration, development or mining results
 will not be consistent with our expectations;
 mining and development risks, including risks related to accidents,
 equipment breakdowns, labour disputes or other unanticipated difficulties with
 or interruptions in production;
 the potential for delays in exploration or development activities or the
 completion of feasibility studies;
 risks related to the inherent uncertainty of production and cost estimates
 and the potential for unexpected costs and expenses;
 risks related to commodity price fluctuations;
 the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses;
 risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis
 and on acceptable terms for our planned exploration and development projects;
 risks related to environmental regulation and liability;
 risks that the amounts reserved or allocated for environmental compliance,
 reclamation, post- closure control measures, monitoring and on-going
 maintenance may not be sufficient to cover such costs;
 risks related to tax assessments;
 political and regulatory risks associated with mining development and
 exploration; and
 other risks and uncertainties related to our prospects, properties and
 business strategy. 
 This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may
affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be
considered carefully and readers should not place undue reliance on our
forward-looking statements. 
 Forward looking statements are made based on management s
beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we
undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs,
estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities
laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements to conform these statements to actual results. 
 Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars
(US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles. 
 In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar
amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common
stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 
 -1- 

As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the
 Company and Maverick mean Maverick Minerals Corporation and our subsidiary,
Eskota Energy Corporation, unless otherwise indicated. 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Corporate History 
 We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 27, 1998
under the name Pacific Cart Services Ltd. Following our incorporation, we
pursued opportunities in the business of franchising fast food distributor
systems. 
 We were not successful in implementing our business plan as a
fast food distributor systems business. As management of our company
investigated opportunities and challenges in the business of being a fast food
distributor systems company, management realized that the business did not
present the best opportunity for our company to realize value for our
shareholders. Accordingly, we abandoned our previous business plan. 
 On March 22, 2002, we changed our name to Maverick Minerals
Corporation to reflect our change in focus to holding and developing mineral and
resource projects. We are an exploration stage company that has not yet
generated or realized any revenues from our business operations. 
 From November 2001 until February 2003, we held a 100 interest
in the Silver, Lead, Zinc, Keno Hill mining camp in Yukon, Canada through our
then subsidiary, Gretna Capital Corporation. Despite a tenure marked by historic
maintenance cost reductions and extensive research into a new hydrometallurgical
approach to production and environmental remediation at the mine site, the
project endured through a period of low commodity prices. On January 1, 2003 we
defaulted on a payment of Cdn 1,050,000 required under an agreement of purchase
and sale for the acquisition of an interest in the project. Due to the default,
the Company was divested of its claims by its creditors by way of court action
which culminated on February 14, 2003. 
 On April 21, 2003 we closed a transaction, as set out in the
Purchase Agreement with UCO Energy Corporation UCO to purchase the
outstanding equity of UCO. To facilitate the transaction, we issued 3,758,040
common shares in exchange for all the issued and outstanding common shares of
UCO. As a result of the transaction, the former shareholders of UCO held
approximately 90 of the issued and outstanding common shares of Maverick. A net
distribution of 944,889 was recoded in connection with the common stock of
Maverick for the acquisition of UCO in respect of the Company s net liabilities
at the acquisition date. UCO was in the business of pursuing opportunities in
the coal mining industry. From July 7, 2003 until March 5, 2004, we were engaged
in the waste coal recovery business by way of a lease agreement at the Old Ben
Mine near Sesser, Illinois. We extracted coal fines from holding ponds with a
leased dredge and subsequently dried them in a fines plant and sold the dried
product to an electrical utility. The operation was conducted in our wholly
owned subsidiary UCO. 
 Effective March 5, 2004, we were in default of our lease
agreement that granted access to the waste coal. Default was a function of
equipment malfunction and equipment lease default. Extensive efforts to
refinance our coal recovery activities were undertaken post default in an effort
to return to production. These efforts proved unsuccessful. In April, 2004
Maverick instituted new management at the annual meeting of its wholly-owned
subsidiary, UCO Energy Corp. Subsequent to these events, our subsidiary reached
a settlement agreement with the lessor of the coal lands and the lessor of our
dredging equipment. The settlement provided for a mutual release between our
subsidiary and each lessor independently. 
 Maverick incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Eskota Energy
Corporation, Inc. Eskota a Texas company, in August, 2005. Eskota entered
into an Assignment Agreement with Veneto Exploration LLC of Plano, Texas Veneto on August 18, 2005 pursuant to which we acquired certain petroleum
and natural gas rights and leases, know as the S. Neill Unitized lease (the
 Eskota Leases comprising a 75 +/- NRI and 100 working interest in
approximately 6,000 acres in central Texas approximately 9 miles east of the
town of Sweetwater, in exchange for a 1,400,000 note payable. An additional
 375,000 cash was paid by the Company for the acquisition of the Eskota
Leases. 
 -2- 

Eskota was to receive all revenue rightfully owed under the
above noted leases. Eskota agreed to contribute not less than 400,000 towards
capital improvements on the said lease and equipment during the first twelve
months after closing. The parties agreed to negotiate a reasonable covenant to
ensure these expenditures were made. A note payable was signed on August 31,
2005 between Eskota and Veneto whereby Eskota promised to pay Veneto 700,000
before August 31, 2006, and 700,000 by May 31, 2007. In light of the above
deadlines and the fact that the purchase price was predicated partially on down
hole success from the initial re-works, management determined that it was not
prudent to proceed with further investment on the property and that settlement
discussions should begin with Veneto for a mutual release and return of the
property and retirement of the promissory note of 1,400,000 issued by the
Company. The effect of the initial failure to increase production from the first
two attempts to restore the existing wells was reflected in an asset impairment
charge taken by the Company of 419,959 on its fiscal year end financial
statement dated December 31, 2005. 
 In June 2005, the Company cancelled 5,437,932 common shares,
under an agreement with certain stockholders, which included the former
stockholders of UCO, and two other stockholders including the CEO of the
Company. The former stockholders of UCO surrendered the majority of the shares
which was approximately 95 of the total common shares that they held at the
time. As a result of the share cancellation, one single common stockholder
emerged as the majority stockholder with approximately 76 of the total issued
and outstanding common shares. 
 In December 2005, Veneto gave notice to Eskota and Eskota s
customers, to direct any cash payments relating to the Eskota Leases to Veneto
directly as a result of non-payment of various payables by Eskota in relation to
the Eskota Leases. As a result of this action, all revenues generated from the
Eskota Leases were recognized by Veneto, and any expenses and obligations
arising from the Eskota Leases after the notice was given, were assumed by
Veneto. As a result, Eskota did not recognize revenue or operating expenses from
the Eskota Leases during the year ended December 31, 2006. 
 On December 14, 2009, we entered into a farm-out agreement (the
 Farmout Agreement with Southeastern Pipe Line Company SEPL pursuant to
which we acquired the right to earn an interest in certain oil and gas mineral
leases located in Fort Bend and Wharton Counties, Texas (collectively, the
 Leases and to the lands covered thereby. As a result of the closing of the
Farmout agreement, our company ceased to be a shell company as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Recent Corporate Developments 
 Since the commencement of our fourth quarter ended December 31,
2009, we experienced the following significant corporate developments: 

1. 
 
 On November 26, 2009, we entered into a subscription
 agreement with Robert Kinloch pursuant to which Mr. Kinloch purchased one
 convertible debenture (the Debenture in the aggregate principal amount
 of 100,000 in settlement of 100,000 of outstanding payable owed by the
 Company to Mr. Kinloch. The Debenture is convertible into shares of the
 Company s common stock, par value 0.001 at a deemed conversion price per
 share of 0.30 for an aggregate purchase price of 100,000. The Debenture
 is payable on demand, and bears interest at the rate of 8 per annum,
 payable on the date of conversion of the Debenture. Interest is calculated
 on the basis of a 360-day year and accrues daily commencing on the date
 the Debenture is issued until payment in full of the principal amount,
 together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts which may
 become due have been made. 

2. 
 
 On December 11, 2009, we entered into a consulting
 agreement with Leighton F. Young Jr., pursuant to which we agreed to issue
 to Mr. Young 175,000 shares of our common stock as payment for geological
 consulting services provided by Mr. Young to the Company including
 geological services associated with the interpretation and preparation of
 subsurface mapping. 

3. 
 
 On December 11, 2009, we entered into a second consulting
 agreement with Bob Fendley, pursuant to which we agreed to issue to Mr.
 Fendley 175,000 shares of our common stock as payment for geological
 consulting services provided by Mr. Fendley to the Company including
 geological services relating to the interpretation of geologic data on the
 East Bernard Prospect. 
 -3- 

4. 
 
 On December 14, 2009, we entered into a farm-out
 agreement (the Farmout Agreement with Southeastern Pipe Line Company
 SEPL pursuant to which we acquired the right to earn an interest in
 certain oil and gas mineral leases located in Fort Bend and Wharton
 Counties, Texas and to the lands covered thereby. See Farm-out Agreement
 with Southeastern Pipe Line Company below. 

5. 
 
 Effective December 17, 2009, we entered into a
 subscription agreement with a U.S. subscriber pursuant to which the
 subscriber purchased one convertible debenture in the aggregate principal
 amount of 35,625. The Debenture is convertible into shares of the
 Company s common stock, par value 0.001 at a deemed conversion price per
 share of 0.75. The debenture is payable on demand, and bears interest at
 the rate of 8 per annum, payable on the date of conversion of the
 Debenture. Interest is calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and
 accrues daily commencing on the date the Debenture is issued until payment
 in full of the principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid
 interest and other amounts which may become due have been made. 

6. 
 
 On December 31, 2009, we effected a ten (10) for one (1)
 stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a
 result, our issued and outstanding share capital decreased from
 104,767,208 shares of common stock to 10,476,721 shares of common stock.
 The reverse stock split became effective with FINRA s Over-the-Counter
 Bulletin Board at the opening for trading on December 31, 2009 under the
 new stock symbol MVRMD . Our new CUSIP number is 577707
 300. 
 Our Current Business 
 We are currently an exploration stage company engaged in the
acquisition, exploration, and development of prospective oil and gas properties.
Our current business focus is to implement the terms of the Farmout Agreement
pursuant to which we intend to earn an interest in certain oil and gas mineral
leases located in Fort Bend and Wharton Counties, Texas owned by SEPL. Subject
to receipt of additional financing our initial operations during the next
quarter are to locate suitable locations to drill, drilling, and determining if
an initial test well is viable. If the well is viable and we can develop the
well, we intend to drill an initial test well and to earn an interest in the
mineral leases subject to the Farmout Agreement. If the well is not viable, we
intend to plug the well. Our anticipated 2010 drilling program is expected to
target the Wilcox Trend, a vast depositional sand zone with a history of natural
gas and condensate production. The Wilcox Trend is articulated into the upper,
middle, and lower Wilcox. We intend to target the middle Wilcox to a depth of
between 12,500 and 13,500 feet. 
 Concurrent with our entry into the Farmout Agreement, we
acquired from a consulting geologist, detailed proprietary geology on the
property subject to the Farmout Agreement. The dataset includes seismic and
geological interpretations of the underlying geology from historic data. In
addition, we obtained access to log data from a well drilled to 12,200 feet in
2003 on the Farmout acreage. 
 Farm-out Agreement with Southeastern Pipe Line
Company 
 On December 14, 2009, we entered into a farm-out agreement with
Southeastern Pipe Line Company pursuant to which we acquired the right to earn
an interest in certain oil and gas mineral leases located in Fort Bend and
Wharton Counties, Texas (collectively, the Leases and to the lands covered
thereby subject to certain conditions, including the following: 

(i) 
 
 Payment of a non-refundable fee of 350,000 to
 SEPL; 

(ii) 
 
 Commencement of continuous and actual drilling operations
 on an oil or gas well to an objective formation (as such term is defined
 in the agreement) on the undeveloped Leases on or prior to December 14,
 2010; 

(iii) 
 
 Completion of drilling on every drillable tract of the
 undeveloped Leases prior to commencing drilling operations on the
 developed Leases; 
 -4- 

(iv) 
 
 Completion of the drilling of at least four wells on the
 undeveloped acreage to the objective formation and commence commercial
 production on such wells within 120 days after completion of drilling with
 the option to pay 250,000 per well to opt out of the requirement to drill
 up to two of the four wells; 

(v) 
 
 Upon earning the interest in the Leases, Maverick agrees
 to enter into a Joint Operating Agreement in the form of AAPL 610 Model
 Form 1989 with 2005 COPAS accounting procedure to govern operations by the
 parties on the Leases, and SEPL agrees to assign its 100 interest in the
 Leases to Maverick subject to reserving an overriding royalty interest
 equal to the difference between all the existing lease burdens of record
 in effect as of October 1, 2009 and 30 , thereby delivering to Maverick a
 70 net revenue interest in the Leases; and 

(vi) 
 
 Maverick granting an option to SEPL pursuant to which
 SEPL may after all drilling and completion cost have been recovered by
 Maverick, back-in a 25 of eight-eighths working interest (subject to
 proportionate reduction if Maverick s acreage covers less than the
 entirety of the mineral interest under the proration spacing unit
 drilled), on a well-by-well basis. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Farmout Agreement if we fail to
commence the drilling operations on the Initial Test Well by the Completion Date
the agreement terminates immediately and the Company forfeits the Fee. Provided
we establish commercial production and meet the earning requirements for the
Initial Test Well, we have an option to develop additional wells Subsequent
Wells within one hundred and eighty days after the completion of the Initial
Test Well, Substitute Initial Test Well or a Subsequent Well. Also, pursuant to
the terms of the agreement we agreed to indemnify SEPL and its affiliates from
all claims arising from the drilling or operations of the Initial Test Well or
any Subsequent Well. 
 Competition 
 We are an exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition
of a prospective mineral or oil and gas properties. We compete with other
mineral resource exploration companies for financing and for the acquisition of
new mineral properties. Many of the mineral resource exploration companies with
whom we compete have greater financial and technical resources than those
available to us. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater
amounts on acquisitions of mineral properties of merit, on exploration of their
mineral properties and on development of their mineral properties. In addition,
they may be able to afford more geological expertise in the targeting and
exploration of mineral properties. This competition could result in competitors
having mineral properties of greater quality and interest to prospective
investors who may finance additional exploration and development. This
competition could adversely impact on our ability to achieve the financing
necessary for us to conduct further exploration of our mineral properties. 
 We will also compete with other junior mineral resource
exploration companies for financing from a limited number of investors that are
prepared to make investments in junior mineral resource exploration companies.
The presence of competing junior mineral resource exploration companies may
impact on our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our
exploration programs if investors are of the view that investments in
competitors are more attractive based on the merit of the mineral properties
under investigation and the price of the investment offered to investors. 
 We also compete with other junior and senior mineral resource
exploration companies for available resources, including, but not limited to,
professional geologists, camp staff, helicopter or float planes, mineral
exploration supplies and drill rigs. 
 -5- 

Compliance with Government Regulation 
 Our business is subject to various federal, state and local
laws and governmental regulations that may be changed from time to time in
response to economic or political conditions. We are required to comply with the
environmental guidelines and regulations established at the local levels for our
field activities and access requirements on our permit lands and leases. Any
development activities, when determined, will require, but not be limited to,
detailed and comprehensive environmental impact assessments studies and
approvals of local regulators. 
 Environmental legislation provides for restrictions and
prohibitions on spills, releases or emissions of various substances produced in
association with the mining and oil and gas industries which could result in
environmental liability. A breach or violation of such legislation may result in
the imposition of fines and penalties. In addition, certain types of operations
require the submission and approval of environmental impact assessments.
Environmental assessments are increasingly imposing higher standards, greater
enforcement, fines and penalties for non-compliance. Environmental assessments
of proposed projects carry a heightened degree of responsibility for companies,
directors, officers and employees. The cost of compliance in respect of
environmental regulation has the potential to reduce the profitability of any
future revenues that our company may generate. 
 Employees 
 We have no employees other than Robert Kinloch, our president,
chief executive officer, chief financial officer and our sole director and
Donald Kinloch, our secretary and treasurer. We anticipate that we will be
conducting most of our business through agreements with consultants and third
parties. We do not have an employment agreement with any of our officers or our
sole director. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our common shares are considered speculative. Prospective
investors should consider carefully the risk factors set out below. 
 We are an exploration stage company implementing a new
business plan. 
 We are an exploration stage company with only a limited
operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our current business and
future prospects, and we have just begun to implement our business plan. If we
do discover oil or gas resources in commercially exploitable quantities on any
of our properties, we will be required to expend substantial sums of money to
establish the extent of the resource, develop processes to extract it and
develop extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure. If we discover
a major reserve, there can be no assurance that such a reserve will be large
enough to justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance that we
will be able to raise the funds required for development on a timely basis. If
we cannot raise the necessary capital or complete the necessary facilities and
infrastructure, our business may fail. There is no assurance that we will be
able to drill an initial test well on the property subject to the Farmout
Agreement within the timeline set out in the agreement or at all. Failure to do
so will result in the loss of all our interest in the Farmout Agreement with
SEPL. 
 We have had negative cash flows from operations and if we
are not able to obtain further financing, our business operations may fail.
 
 We had a negative working capital of 833,727 as of December
31, 2009. We do not expect to generate any revenues for the foreseeable future.
Accordingly, we will require additional funds, either from equity or debt
financing, to maintain our daily operations and to develop any wells under the
Farmout Agreement. Obtaining additional financing is subject to a number of
factors, including market prices for oil and gas, investor acceptance of our
interest pursuant to the Farmout Agreement, and investor sentiment. Financing,
therefore, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The most likely
source of future funds presently available to us is through the sale of equity
capital. Any sale of share capital, however, will result in dilution to existing
shareholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when required, we may
be forced to delay our plan of operation and our entire business may fail. 
 -6- 

We currently do not generate revenues, and as a result, we
face a high risk of business failure. 
 The only interest in property we have is pursuant to the
Farmout Agreement. From the date of our incorporation, we have primarily focused
on the location and acquisition of mineral and oil and gas properties. We have
not generated any revenues to date. In order to generate revenues, we will incur
substantial expenses in the evaluation and development of the Initial Well. We
therefore expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We
recognize that if we are unable to generate significant revenues from our
activities, our entire business may fail. There is no history upon which to base
any assumption as to the likelihood that we will be successful in our plan of
operation, and we can provide no assurance to investors that we will generate
any operating revenues or achieve profitable operations. 
 Our independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability
to obtain future financing. 
 We incurred net loss of 3,433,469 and a net income of 109,951
for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. At December 31,
2009, we had an accumulated deficit of 5,236,087 and a negative working capital
of 833,727. 
 These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern, as described in the explanatory paragraph to our
independent auditors report on our consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2009. Although our consolidated financial statements
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, they
do not reflect any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue
our business. 
 If we are required for any reason to repay our outstanding
secured convertible debentures or any other indebtedness, we would be required
to deplete our working capital, if available, or raise additional funds.
 
 If we are required to repay the secured convertible debentures
or any other indebtedness for any reason, we would be required to use our
limited working capital and raise additional funds. If we are unable to repay
the secured convertible debentures or any other indebtedness when required, we
may be required to sell substantial assets of our company. In addition, the
lenders could commence legal action against our company and foreclose on all of
our assets to recover the amounts due. Any such sale or legal action would
require our company to curtail or possibly cease our operations. 
 Market conditions or operation impediments may hinder our
access to oil and gas markets or delay our potential production. 
 Our ability to develop the farmout acreage depends in part upon
the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, natural gas gathering
systems and processing facilities. This dependence is heightened where this
infrastructure is less developed. Therefore, even if drilling results are
positive in certain areas of our oil and gas properties, a new gathering system
may need to be built to handle the potential volume of oil and gas produced. We
might be required to shut in wells, at least temporarily, for lack of a market
or because of the inadequacy or unavailability of transportation facilities. If
that were to occur, we would be unable to realize revenue from those wells until
arrangements were made to deliver production to market. 
 Even if we are able to establish any oil or gas reserves on the
farmout acreage, our ability to produce and market oil and gas is affected and
also may be harmed by: 

inadequate pipeline transmission facilities or carrying capacity; 
 
 government regulation of natural gas and oil production; 
 
 government transportation, tax and energy policies; 
 
 changes in supply and demand; and 
 -7- 

general economic conditions. 
 The potential profitability of oil and gas ventures depends
upon factors beyond the control of our company. 
 The potential profitability of oil and gas properties is
dependent upon many factors beyond our control. For instance, world prices and
markets for oil and gas are unpredictable, highly volatile, potentially subject
to governmental fixing, pegging, controls, or any combination of these and other
factors, and respond to changes in domestic, international, political, social,
and economic environments. Additionally, due to worldwide economic uncertainty,
the availability and cost of funds for production and other expenses have become
increasingly difficult, if not impossible, to project. These changes and events
may materially affect our financial performance. 
 Adverse weather conditions can also hinder drilling operations.
A productive well may become uneconomic in the event water or other deleterious
substances are encountered which impair or prevent the production of oil and/or
gas from the well. In addition, production from any well may be unmarketable if
it is impregnated with water or other deleterious substances. The marketability
of oil and gas, which may be acquired or discovered, will be affected by
numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include the proximity and
capacity of oil and gas pipelines and processing equipment, market fluctuations
of prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, allowable production and environmental
protection. These factors cannot be accurately predicted and the combination of
these factors may result in our company not receiving an adequate return on
invested capital. 
 Oil and gas operations are subject to comprehensive
regulation, which may cause substantial delays or require capital outlays in
excess of those anticipated causing an adverse effect on our company. 
 Oil and gas operations are subject to federal, state, and local
laws relating to the protection of the environment, including laws regulating
removal of natural resources from the ground and the discharge of materials into
the environment. Oil and gas operations are also subject to federal, state, and
local laws and regulations, which seek to maintain health and safety standards
by regulating the design and use of drilling methods and equipment. Various
permits from government bodies are required for drilling operations to be
conducted; no assurance can be given that such permits will be received.
Environmental standards imposed by federal, provincial, or local authorities may
be changed and any such changes may have material adverse effects on our
activities. Moreover, compliance with such laws may cause substantial delays or
require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated, thus causing an adverse
effect on us. Additionally, we may be subject to liability for pollution or
other environmental damages, which it may elect not to insure against due to
prohibitive premium costs and other reasons. To date we have not been required
to spend any material amount on compliance with environmental regulations.
However, we may be required to do so in future and this may affect our ability
to expand or maintain our operations. 
 Exploratory drilling involves many risks and we may become
liable for pollution or other liabilities, which may have an adverse effect on
our financial position. 
 Drilling operations generally involve a high degree of risk.
Hazards such as unusual or unexpected geological formations, power outages,
labor disruptions, blow-outs, sour gas leakage, fire, inability to obtain
suitable or adequate machinery, equipment or labour, and other risks are
involved. We may become subject to liability for pollution or hazards against
which we cannot adequately insure or which we may elect not to insure. Incurring
any such liability may have a material adverse effect on our financial position
and operations. 
 Shortages of rigs, equipment, supplies and personnel could
delay or otherwise adversely affect our cost of operations or our ability to
operate according to our business plans. 
 If drilling activity increases worldwide, a shortage of
drilling and completion rigs, field equipment and qualified personnel could
develop. These costs have recently increased sharply and could continue to do
so. The demand for and wage rates of qualified drilling rig crews generally rise
in response to the increasing number of active rigs in service and could
increase sharply in the event of a shortage. Shortages of drilling and
completion rigs, field equipment or qualified personnel could delay, restrict or
curtail our exploration and development operations, which could in turn harm our
operating results. 
 -8- 

The geographic concentration of all of our properties in
Texas subjects us to an increased risk of loss of revenue or curtailment of
production from factors affecting those areas. 
 The geographic concentration of all of our leasehold interests
in Texas means that our properties could be affected by the same event should
the regions experience: 

severe weather; 
 
 delays or decreases in production, the availability of equipment,
 facilities or services; 
 
 delays or decreases in the availability of capacity to transport, gather or
 process production; or 
 
 changes in the regulatory environment. 
 The oil and gas exploration and production industry is
historically a cyclical industry and market fluctuations in the prices of oil
and gas could adversely affect our business. 
 Prices for oil and gas tend to fluctuate significantly in
response to factors beyond our control. These factors include: 

weather conditions in the United States and wherever our property interests
 are located; 
 
 economic conditions, including demand for petroleum-based products, in the
 United States and the rest of the world; 
 
 actions by OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
 
 political instability in the Middle East and other major oil and gas
 producing regions; 
 
 governmental regulations, both domestic and foreign; 
 
 domestic and foreign tax policy; 
 
 the pace adopted by foreign governments for the exploration, development,
 and production of their national reserves; 
 
 the price of foreign imports of oil and gas; 
 
 the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas; 
 
 the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 
 
 the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 
 
 available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity; 
 
 the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 
 
 the overall supply and demand for oil and gas; and 
 
 the availability of alternate fuel sources. 
 Changes in commodity prices may significantly affect our
capital resources, liquidity and expected operating results. Price changes will
directly affect revenues and can indirectly impact expected production by
changing the amount of funds available to reinvest in exploration and
development activities. Reductions in oil and gas prices not only 
 -9- 

reduce revenues and profits, but could also reduce the
quantities of reserves that are commercially recoverable. Significant declines
in prices could result in non-cash charges to earnings due to impairment. 
 Changes in commodity prices may also significantly affect our
ability to estimate the value of producing properties for acquisition and
divestiture and often cause disruption in the market for oil and gas producing
properties, as buyers and sellers have difficulty agreeing on the value of the
properties. Price volatility also makes it difficult to budget for and project
the return on acquisitions and the development and exploitation of projects. We
expect that commodity prices will continue to fluctuate significantly in the
future. 
 Our interests are held in the form of leases that we may be
unable to retain. 
 The interest in our property are held under leases and working
interests in leases. If we or the holder of a lease fails to meet the specific
requirements of the lease regarding delay or non-payment of rental payments or
we or the holder of the lease fail to meet the minimum level of evaluation some
or all of our leases may terminate or expire. There can be no assurance that any
of the obligations required to maintain each lease will be met. The termination
or expiration of our leases or the working interests relating to leases may
reduce our opportunity to exploit a given prospect for oil production and thus
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and
financial condition. 
 Any change to government regulation/administrative practices
may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and our profitability.
 
 The laws, regulations, policies or current administrative
practices of any government body, organization or regulatory agency in the
United States, Canada, or any other jurisdiction, may be changed, applied or
interpreted in a manner which will fundamentally alter the ability of our
company to carry on our business. The actions, policies or regulations, or
changes thereto, of any government body or regulatory agency, or other special
interest groups, may have a detrimental effect on us. Any or all of these
situations may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and/or our
profitability. 
 If we are unable to hire and retain key personnel, we may
not be able to implement our plan of operation and our business may
fail. 
 Our success will be largely dependent on our ability to hire
and retain highly qualified personnel. This is particularly true in the highly
technical businesses of mineral and oil and gas exploration. These individuals
may be in high demand and we may not be able to attract the staff we need. In
addition, we may not be able to afford the high salaries and fees demanded by
qualified personnel, or we may fail to retain such employees after they are
hired. At present, we have not hired any key personnel. Our failure to hire key
personnel when needed will have a significant negative effect on our
business. 
 Because our executive officers do not have formal training
specific to oil and gas exploration, there is a higher risk our business will
fail. 
 While Robert Kinloch, our director and one of our executive
officer, has experience managing a mineral exploration company, he does not have
formal training as a geologist. Donald Kinloch does not have formal training
specific to mineral and gas exploration. Accordingly, our management may not
fully appreciate many of the specific requirements related to working within the
mining and oil and gas industry. Our management decisions may not take into
account standard engineering or managerial approaches commonly used by such
companies. Consequently, our operations, earnings, and ultimate financial
success could be negatively affected due to our management s lack of experience
in the industry. 
 Our executive officers have other business interests, and as
a result, they may not be willing or able to devote a sufficient amount of time
to our business operations, thereby limiting the success of our company.
 
 Robert Kinloch presently spends approximately 60 of his
business time and Donald Kinloch presently spends approximately 20 of his
business time on business management services for our company. At present, both
Robert 
 -10- 

and Donald Kinloch spend a reasonable amount of time in pursuit
of our company s interests. Due to the time commitments from Robert and Donald
Kinloch s other business interests, however, they may not be able to provide
sufficient time to the management of our business in the future and our business
may be periodically interrupted or delayed as a result of their other business
interests. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 If we issue additional shares in the future, it will result
in the dilution of our existing shareholders. 
 Our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to
850,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. Our
board of directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares to acquire one
or more businesses or to provide additional financing in the future. The
issuance of any such shares will reduce the book value and market price of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional shares,
such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of all
current shareholders. Further, such issuance may result in a change of control
of our corporation. 
 Our common stock is illiquid and shareholders may be unable
to sell their shares. 
 There is currently a limited market for our common stock and we
can provide no assurance to investors that a market will develop. If a market
for our common stock does not develop, our shareholders may not be able to
re-sell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and they may
lose all of their investment. Public announcements regarding our company,
changes in government regulations, conditions in our market segment or changes
in earnings estimates by analysts may cause the price of our common shares to
fluctuate substantially. In addition, stock prices for junior oil and gas
companies fluctuate widely for reasons that may be unrelated to their operating
results. These fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common
shares. 
 Penny stock rules will limit the ability of our stockholders
to sell their stock. 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations
which generally define penny stock to be any equity security that has a market
price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than
 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by
the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on
broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and
 accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally to
institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth
in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly
with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a
transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the Securities and
Exchange Commission which provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and
monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in
the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and
salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in
writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in
writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock
rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt
from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary
market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently,
these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our
securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest
in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 
 The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has
adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a shareholder s ability
to buy and sell our stock. 
 In addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA
has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer,
a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is 
 -11- 

suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative
low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must
make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under
interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability
that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some
customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to
 recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your
ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for
its shares. 
 Because of the early stage of development and the nature of
our business, our securities are considered highly speculative. 
 Our securities must be considered highly speculative, generally
because of the nature of our business and the early stage of our development. We
are engaged in the business of identifying, acquiring, exploring and developing
commercial reserves of oil and gas. Our properties are in the exploration stage
only and are without known reserves of oil and gas. Accordingly, we have not
generated any revenues nor have we realized a profit from our operations to date
and there is little likelihood that we will generate any revenues or realize any
profits in the short term. Any profitability in the future from our business
will be dependent upon locating and developing economic reserves of oil and gas,
which itself is subject to numerous risk factors as set forth herein. Since we
have not generated any revenues, we will have to raise additional monies through
the sale of our equity securities or debt in order to continue our business
operations. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on any investment in the
shares of stock of our company. 
 We have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not
intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we
require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our
funding sources may prohibit the payment of a dividend. Because we do not intend
to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in our company will need to come
through an increase in the stock s price. This may never happen and investors
may lose all of their investment in our company. 
 Risks Related to Our Company 
 Our by-laws contain provisions indemnifying our officers and
directors. 
 Our by-laws provide the indemnification of our directors and
officers to the fullest extent legally permissible under the Nevada corporate
law against all expenses, liability and loss reasonably incurred or suffered by
him in connection with any action, suit or proceeding. Furthermore, our by-laws
provide that our board of directors may cause our company to purchase and
maintain insurance for our directors and officers, and we have implemented
director and officer insurance coverage. 
 Our by-laws do not contain anti-takeover provisions and thus
our management and directors may change if there is a take-over of our company.
 
 We do not currently have a shareholder rights plan or any
anti-takeover provisions in our by-laws. Without any anti-takeover provisions,
there is no deterrent for a take-over of our company. If there is a take-over of
our company, our management and directors may change. 
 Because most of our directors and officers are residents of
other countries other than the United States, investors may find it difficult to
enforce, within the United States, any judgments obtained against our directors
and officers. 
 Most of our directors and officers are nationals and/or
residents of countries other than the United States, and all or a substantial
portion of such persons assets are located outside the United States. As a
result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce within the United States
any judgments obtained against our officers or directors, including judgments
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the
United States or any state thereof. 
 -12- 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Executive Offices 
 Our principal business offices are located at 2501 Lansdowne
Ave., Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada S7J 1H3. These premises are provided to us
without cost by our president, Robert Kinloch. Our offices consist of
approximately 200 square feet. We believe that our current lease arrangements
provide adequate space for our foreseeable future needs. 
 Acquisition of East Bernard Prospect Properties 
 On December 14, 2009, we entered into a farm out agreement with
Southeastern Pipe Line Company pursuant to which we acquired the right to earn
an interest in certain oil and gas mineral leases located in Fort Bend and
Wharton Countires, Texas (the Leases covering 4,520 acres of land. The Leases
are divided into developed acreage and undeveloped acreage. We can only earn a
right in the developed acreage if we successfully develop the undeveloped
acreage. See Item 1 Farm out Agreement with Southeastern Pipe Line Company 
above. 
 Location of Farmout Acreage 
 
 -13- 

History of East Bernard Prospect 
 The Leases cover 4,520 acres of land and offsets contiguous
acreage owned by Conoco-Philips presently producing natural gas and oil and
known as the Cooley Field . The Cooley Field and the development area of the
Leases are located inside a Fairway running from northeast to southwest. The
boundaries of the Fairway are clearly defined by the Depo fault on the north
boundary and the Cooley fault on the south which are the major structural
features of the productive zone and which acted as a trap for the hydrocarbons
in this immediate area and elsewhere in the Wilcox trend. Gas was first
discovered on the Cooley Field in 1983 and the date of first production from
TRRC records was October, 1997. The prospective productive deep zone in the East
Bernard Prospect and throughout the area is known as the Meek Sand which is
found in the Wilcox section. The Wilcox is the primary objective of Maverick s
planned drilling program. The Wilcox section is a known zone of hydrocarbons
extending through-out South Texas and into the Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We know of no material, active, or pending legal proceeding
against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation where such claim or action involves damages for
more than 10 of our current assets. There are no proceedings in which any of
our company s directors, officers, or affiliates, or any registered or
beneficial shareholders, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse
to our company s interest. 
 -14- 

ITEM 4. (REMOVED AND RESERVED). 
 -15- 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market for Securities 
 Our common shares were quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin
Board on June 21, 1999 under the symbol PFCS . On February 15, 2002 our symbol
changed to MAVM and on May 22, 2003 our symbol changed to MVRM . On August
29, 2006, our stock was delisted from the OTC Bulletin Board and on August 31,
2006, it commenced trading on the Pink Sheets LLC under the symbol MVRM . On
July 7, 2009 our shares of common stock were quoted for trading on the OTC
Bulletin Board under the symbol MVRM and on December 31, 2009 our symbol
changed to MVRMD . 
 The following quotations obtained from the OTC Bulletin Board
reflect the high and low bids for our common stock based on inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up or mark-down or commission and may not represent actual
transactions. 
 The high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods
indicated below are as follows: 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31,
 2009 
 1.00 
 0.20 
 
 September 30, 2009 
 0.50 
 0.30 
 
 June 30, 2009 
 0.90 
 0.10 
 
 March 31, 2009 
 0.70 
 0.10 
 
 December 31, 2008 
 0.70 
 0.10 
 
 September 30, 2008 
 1.20 
 0.40 
 
 June 30, 2008 
 1.50 
 1.00 
 
 March 31, 2008 
 0.30 
 0.10

Prices shown have been adjusted to reflect the ten for one
reverse split effected on December 31, 2009. 

 Our common shares are issued in registered form. Pacific Stock
Transfer Company, of 4045 South Spencer Street, Suite 403 Las Vegas, NV 89119
(telephone: 702.361.3033; facsimile 702.433.1979) is the registrar and transfer
agent for our shares of common stock. 
 Holders of our Common Stock 
 As of April 14, 2010, we have 146 registered stockholders and
10,476,721 shares issued and outstanding. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and
have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common
stock. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our
board of directors. 
 -16- 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On February 13, 2009, we entered into a loan agreement with
Senergy Partners LLC Senergy pursuant to which we received a revolving loan
of up to 1,000,000 (the Credit Facility ). The outstanding principal amount of
the Credit Facility together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other
amounts outstanding thereunder are due and payable in full on December 31, 2012
(the maturity date). Outstanding principal under the Credit Facility bears
interest at an annual rate of 8 . In consideration of Senergy entering into the
Credit Facility, we entered into a debt settlement and subscription agreement
(the Debt Settlement Agreement with Senergy. Pursuant to the terms of the
Debt Settlement Agreement, we agreed to issue to Senergy 8,950,000 post-split
shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 0.05 per share in settlement of
a 447,500 debt owed to Senergy. 
 In connection with our entry into the Credit Facility and Debt
Settlement Agreement with Senergy, on February 13, 2009 we entered into an
Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Senergy and Art Brokerage, Inc. ABI pursuant to which ABI assigned to Senergy all its right, title and interest to a
debt (the Assigned Debt of 447,500 owed by the Company to ABI. In February,
2009, prior to the entry into the Credit Facility and the Debt Settlement
Agreement, and in connection with the negotiation of these agreements, a
majority shareholder of Maverick agreed to return to treasury 2,000,000
post-split shares of Maverick s issued and outstanding common stock held by him.
As a result of these transactions Senergy acquired 8,950,000 post-split
shares. 
 On September 24, 2009, we entered into a Debt Settlement and
Subscription Agreement with The Art Brokerage Inc. pursuant to which we issued
Art Brokerage 436,000 restricted post-split shares of the Company s common stock
at a deemed value of 0.50 per share in settlement of outstanding debt owed to
Art Brokerage in the amount of 218,000. The shares were issued to Art Brokerage
in reliance on the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 506 of
Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 On November 26, 2009, we entered into a subscription agreement
with Robert Kinloch pursuant to which Mr. Kinloch purchased one convertible
debenture (the Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 in
settlement of 100,000 of outstanding payable owed by the Company to Mr.
Kinloch. The Debenture is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock,
par value 0.001 at a deemed conversion price per share of 0.30 for an
aggregate purchase price of 100,000. The Debenture is payable on demand, and
bears interest at the rate of 8 per annum, payable on the date of conversion of
the Debenture. Interest is calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and accrues
daily commencing on the date the Debenture is issued until payment in full of
the principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other
amounts which may become due have been made. 
 Effective December 17, 2009, we entered into a subscription
agreement with a U.S. subscriber pursuant to which the subscriber purchased one
convertible debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 35,625. The
Debenture is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.001 at a deemed conversion price per share of 0. 75. The debenture is
payable on demand, and bears interest at the rate of 8 per annum, payable on
the date of conversion of the Debenture. Interest is calculated on the basis of
a 360-day year and accrues daily commencing on the date the Debenture is issued
until payment in full of the principal amount, together with all accrued and
unpaid interest and other amounts which may become due have been made. The
debenture was issued to the subscriber in reliance on the exemptions from
registration provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 
 On June 1, 2009, our board of directors adopted our 2009 Stock
Option Plan. The purpose of our 2009 stock option plan is to retain the services
of valued key employees and consultants of our company. Under the plan, the plan
administrator is authorized to grant stock options to acquire up to a total of
up to 7,500,000 shares of our common stock. On July 31, 2009 we filed a consent
solicitation on Schedule 14A to seek stockholder approval of our 2009 Stock
Option Plan. On August 3, 2009 we received majority stockholder consent
approving our 2009 stock option plan. In August, 2009 we granted an aggregate of
145,000 options to acquire shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
 0.40 per share to certain of our officers, employees and consultants under the
2009 option plan. 
 -17- 

The following table provides a summary of the number of stock
options granted under the 2009 Plan, the weighted average exercise price and the
number of stock options remaining available for issuance under the Company s
option plans as at December 31, 2009: 

Number of
 securities to be issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-Average exercise price
 of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for future issuance 
 under equity compensation plan 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security
 holders 
 145,000 
 0.40 
 7,355,000 

 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 
 We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other
securities during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
 Not Applicable. 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our
audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this
annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that
reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below and
elsewhere in this annual report. 
 Our audited consolidated financial statements are stated in
United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Plan of Operation 
 We are currently an exploration stage company engaged in the
acquisition, exploration, and development of prospective oil and gas properties.
Our current business focus is to implement the terms of the Farmout Agreement
pursuant to which we intend to earn an interest in certain oil and gas mineral
leases located in Fort Bend and Wharton Counties, Texas owned by SEPL. Subject
to receipt of additional financing our initial operations during the next
quarter are to locate suitable locations to drill, drilling, and determining if
an initial test well is viable. If the well is viable and we can develop the
well, we intend to drill an initial test well and to earn an interest in the
mineral leases subject to the Farmout Agreement. If the well is not viable, we
intend to plug the well. Our anticipated 2010 drilling program is subject to
obtaining additional financing and is expected to target the Wilcox Trend, a
vast depositional sand zone with a history of natural gas and condensate
production. The Wilcox Trend is articulated into the upper, middle, and lower
Wilcox. We intend to target the middle Wilcox to a depth of between 12,500 and
13,500 feet. Additionally we expect to continue to evaluate a number of joint
venture opportunities in the oil and gas sector in the next twelve months. 
 -18- 

Our general estimated expenses over the next twelve months are
as follows: 

Expense 
 
 ) 
 
 Cost to drill
 Initial Well 
 
 2,436,100 
 
 Consulting and Due
 Diligence 
 
 240,000 
 
 Professional Fees

130,000 
 
 Joint Venture
 Programs 
 
 500,000 
 
 Total 
 
 3,776,100 

 To date we have funded our operations primarily with loans from
shareholders. In addition to funding our general, administrative and corporate
expenses we are obligated to address certain current liabilities. We will need
to raise additional funds to meet these current liabilities. To raise these
funds we may be required to increase shareholder loans, incur new borrowings or
issue new equity which may be dilutive to existing shareholders. We currently
have no agreement in place to raise funds for current liabilities and no
guarantee can be given that we will be able to raise funds for this purpose on
terms acceptable to our company. Failure to raise funds for general,
administrative and corporate expenses and current liabilities could result in a
severe curtailment of our operations. 
 Any advance in the oil and gas development strategy set-out
herein will require additional funds. These funds may be raised through equity
financing, debt financing or other sources which may result in further dilution
of the shareholders percentage ownership in the Company. 
 On February 13, 2009, we entered into a loan agreement with
Senergy Partners LLC Senergy ), a private Nevada limited liability
corporation, pursuant to which the Company received a revolving loan of up to
US 1,000,000 (the Credit Facility ). The outstanding principal amount of the
Credit Facility together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other
amounts outstanding thereunder are due and payable in full on December 31, 2012,
the maturity date. Outstanding principal under the Credit Facility bears
interest at an annual rate of 8 . As a condition of the Credit Facility, the
Company agreed to use funds received under the Credit Facility solely for the
purpose of funding ongoing general and administrative expenses, consulting and
due diligence expenses, or professional fees and joint venture programs. 
 In consideration of Senergy entering into the Credit Facility,
the Company agreed to enter into a debt settlement and subscription agreement
(the Debt Settlement Agreement with Senergy dated as of February 13, 2009.
Pursuant to the terms of the Debt Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to
issue to Senergy 8,950,000 post-split shares of its common stock at a deemed
price of US 0.05 per share in settlement of a US 447,500 debt owed to
Senergy. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008 are summarized as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2009 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2008 
 Percentage 
 Increase/(Decrease) 
 
 Revenue 
 -
 
 -
 
 N/A

Expenses 
 275,963 
 204,571 
 34.9 
 
 Other Expenses (Income) 
 3,157,506 
 (314,522) 
 (1,103.9 
 
 Net Income (loss) 
 (3,433,469) 
 109,951 
 (3,222.7 

 -19- 

Revenues 
 We have had no operating revenues for the years ended December
31, 2009 and 2008. We anticipate that we will not generate any revenues for so
long as we are an exploration stage company. 
 General and Administrative 
 The major components of our general and administrative expenses
for the year are outlined in the table below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Percentage 

2009 

2008 

Increase / 

(Decrease) 

Audit Fees 
 
 49,518 

56,126 

(11.8) 
 
 Accounting, legal, engineering consulting, investor
 relations 
 
 62,057 

39,710 

56.3 

Management fees and stock based
 compensation 
 
 133,321 

90,000 

48.1 

Office 
 
 3,334 

1,648 

102.3 

Transfer agent fees 
 
 9,785 

5,665 

72.7 

Travel 
 
 17,948 

11,422 

57.1 

Total Expenses 
 
 275,963 

204,571 

34.9 
 
 The increase in our general and administrative expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2009 was primarily due to: 

a) 
 
 The increase in accounting, audit, and legal fees from
 2008 to 2009 due to a general increase in the fees charged by the
 consultants and professionals who provide these services. In addition,
 there has been an increase in the amount of time spent by these
 consultants and professionals to ensure the Company is in compliance with
 the increased reporting requirement imposed by regulatory
 authorities. 

b) 
 
 During 2009 there was stock based compensation expense
 due to the granting of 145,000 new stock options. In accordance with GAAP,
 these options were deemed to have a fair value of 48,321. There were no
 stock options granted during 2008. 

c) 
 
 Transfer agent fees were higher in 2009 mainly due to the
 increase in number of filings during the year compared to 2008. In 2009
 there were a number of share issuances during the year compared to no
 shares issuance in 2008. 

d) 
 
 The increased travel expense relate to the costs of a
 directors meeting during 2009. 
 Other Income/Expenses 
 During 2009 the Company incurred 11,577 in interest expenses
compared to Nil in 2008 as a result of the issuance of issuance of interest
bearing debt in 2009 that did not exist in 2008. The Company realized a foreign
exchange gain of 13,429 in 2009 compared to a loss of 3,122 in 2008 as a
result of the strengthening of the US Dollar compared to the Canadian dollar
from 2008 to 2009. The Company realized a loss on settlement of loans payable of
 3,132,500. There were no such settlements in 2008. Lastly, the Company realized
a gain on liabilities written-off of Nil in 2009, 311,400 in 2008 as a result
of a lender releasing the Company of its obligation. No such write-offs or
releases occurred in 2009. 
 Working Capital 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2009 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Current Assets 
 
 6,024

- 

Current Liabilities 
 
 839,751 

790,634 

Working Capital
 Deficiency 
 
 (833,727 

(790,634 

-20- 

Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2009 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Cash used in
 Operating Activities 
 
 (218,492 
 
 (223,739 
 
 Cash provided by Investing Activities 
 
 (361,195 
 
 - 
 
 Cash provided by Financing Activities 
 
 585,711 
 
 223,643 
 
 Net Decrease in Cash 
 
 6,024 
 
 (96 

 As the Company s activity has declined over the period from
2008 to 2009, so have its cash expenditures. Funding for operating and investing
activities was provided by non-interest bearing advances from a lender. 
 We had cash of 6,024 and negative working capital of
 833,727 as of December 31, 2009 compared to a bank overdraft of 669 and
negative working capital of 790,634 for the year ended December 31, 2008. We
anticipate that we will incur approximately 1,290,000 for operating expenses,
including professional, legal and accounting expenses associated with our
reporting requirements under the Exchange Act during the next twelve months. In
addition to our operating expenses, we will require additional 3,776,100 for
costs associated to the oil and gas leases. Accordingly, we will need to obtain
additional financing in order to complete our full business plan. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December
31, 2009 was 218,492 as compared to cash used by operating activities for the
same period in 2008 of 223,739. Cash used in operating activities was
consistent with the prior year. Cash used in investing activities for the year
ended December 31, 2009 was 361,195 as compared to cash used by investing
activities for the same period in 2008 of Nil. The increase in cash used in
investing activities was primarily due to the deposit and direct legal costs
incurred on the oil and gas leases during the year ended December 31, 2009. Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2009 was
 585,711 as compared to cash provided by financing activities for the same
period in 2008 of 223,643. The increase in cash provided by financing
activities was primarily due to proceeds from loans payable of 620,755 (2008 -
 222,374) in addition to 35,625 raised from issuances of convertible notes
offset by 70,000 related to repayment of loans. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 In March 2006, management determined to not proceed further
with the Eskota Leases and entered into negotiations with Veneto to relieve the
Company of their obligation under the note payable to Veneto. As a result,
revenues, cost of goods sold, and gains and losses associated with the property
have been reflected as income (loss) from discontinued operations on the
accompanying financial statements. 
 In July, 2006, Veneto and Eskota entered into a Mutual Release
agreement releasing Eskota of its note payable in the amount of 1,400,000, and
in return Eskota assigned and transferred back to Veneto all its right, title
and interest in the unitized lease, as well as the rights to the Knox Lease. In
addition, Veneto assumed responsibility of all payables owing in relation to the
properties, and any future obligations related to the properties. As a result,
Eskota recorded a net gain of 138,764 on the assumption of payables by Veneto,
and has been reflected as income from discontinued operations on the
accompanying financial statements. 
 The Company has the following loans outstanding as of December
31, 2009: 

The Company has the following loans payable: 

December 31, 2009 

December 31, 2008 

Art Brokerage Current (1) 

586,519 

611,514 

Mr. Alonzo B. Leavell (1) 
 
 20,000 

20,000 

606,519 

631,514 

Senergy Partners LLC (2) 
 
 357,750 

- 

Art Brokerage Long Term 
 
 - 

447,500 

964,268 

1,079,014 

(1) 
 
 These amounts are unsecured, bear no interest, with no
 specific terms of repayment. 

(2) 
 
 This amount is unsecured, bears interest at 8 per annum,
 maturing on December 31, 2012. 
 -21- 

On November 21, 2008, Pride of Aspen Associates LLC Pride of
Aspen executed a Deed of Release pursuant to which Pride of Aspen released the
Company from any obligation to repay the sum of 311,400 owed to Pride of Aspen
for Nil consideration. 
 A portion of the Art Brokerage loan at December 31, 2008 had
been classified as long-term debt as at December 31, 2008 since the Company had
entered into the Debt Settlement Agreement (Note 7 (d)) on February 13, 2009,
with Synergy Partners LLC Synergy ), before the 2008 financial statements were
issued. 
 Going Concern 
 The audited financial statements accompanying this report have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that our company will
continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in
the normal course of business. Our company has not generated revenues since
inception and has never paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or
generate earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. The continuation of
our company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support
from our shareholders, the ability of our company to obtain necessary equity
financing to achieve our operating objectives, and the attainment of profitable
operations. As of December 31, 2009, we had cash of 6,024 and we estimate that
we will require approximately 1,290,000 for operating expenses and an
additional 3,776,100 for costs associated to the oil and gas leases over the
next twelve months. Accordingly, we do not have sufficient funds for planned
operations and we will be required to raise additional funds for operations
after that date. 
 These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern, as described in the explanatory paragraph to our
independent auditors report on the December 31, 2009 and 2008 consolidated
financial statements which are included with this annual report. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of that uncertainty. 
 The continuation of our business is dependent upon us raising
additional financial support. The issuance of additional equity securities by us
could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current
stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be
available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 
 There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further
funds required for our continued operations. We are pursuing various financing
alternatives to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There
can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when
needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable
terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis,
we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease the operation of our
business. 
 Future Financings 
 As of April 12, 2010, we had cash of 1,478 and we estimate
that we will require approximately 1,290,000 for operating expenses and an
additional 3,776,100 for costs associated to the oil and gas leases to fund our
business operations over the next twelve months. Accordingly, although we have
access to additional funds through our line of credit with Senergy, we do not
have sufficient funds for planned operations and we will be required to raise
additional funds for operations after that date. We anticipate continuing to
rely on equity sales of our common shares or shareholder loans in order to
continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will
result in dilution to our existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we
will achieve any additional sales of our equity securities or arrange for debt
or other financing to fund our planned activities. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are
material to stockholders. 
 -22- 

Employees 
 We currently have no employees, other than our executive
officers, Robert J. Kinloch and Donald Kinloch, and we do not expect to hire any
employees in the foreseeable future. We presently conduct our business through
agreements with consultants and arms-length third parties. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 ASC 105. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued FASB Statement No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards
Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles , SFAS No. 168 a replacement of FASB Statement No. 162. SFAS No. 168
is the new source of authoritative GAAP recognized by the FASB to be applied by
nongovernmental entities. Rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under
authority of federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for
SEC registrants. This statement was incorporated into ASC 105, Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles under the new FASB codification which became
effective on July 1, 2009. The new Codification supersedes all then-existing
non-SEC accounting and reporting standards. All other non-grandfathered non-SEC
accounting literature not included in the Codification will become
non-authoritative. The Company adopted this statement during the third quarter
of 2009. The adoption of this standard did not have any impact on the Company s
financial position or results from operations. 
 ASC 805. The FASB issued ASC 805, Business Combinations . The
standard requires the acquiring entity in a business combination to recognize
all (and only) the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction;
establishes the acquisition date fair value as the measurement objective for all
assets acquired and liabilities assumed; and requires the acquirer to disclose
to investors and other users all of the information they need to evaluate and
understand the nature and financial effect of the business combination. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 
 ASC 810. The FASB issued ASC 810, Consolidation . The standard
requires all entities to report noncontrolling (minority) interests as equity in
consolidated financial statements. ASC 810 eliminates the diversity that
currently exists in accounting for transactions between an entity and
noncontrolling interests by requiring they be treated as equity transactions.
The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 
 ASC 815. The FASB issued ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ,
which requires additional disclosures about the objectives of the derivative
instruments and hedging activities, the method of accounting for such
instruments under ASC 815 and its related interpretations, and a tabular
disclosure of the effects of such instruments and related hedged items on our
financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. ASC 815 is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 
 ASC 820 - The Company adopted ASC 820 , Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820 applies to most current accounting
rules requiring or permitting fair value measurements. ASC 820 provides a
framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures about fair
value methods and inputs by establishing a hierarchy for ranking the quality and
reliability of the information used by management to measure and report amounts
at fair value. 
 ASC 820-10 emphasizes that fair value is a market-based
measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value
measurement should be determined based on the assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for
considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC
820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market
participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent
of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1
and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market
participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the
hierarchy). The fair value hierarchy, as defined by ASC 820-10, contains three
levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value as follows: 
 
 Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities; 
 23 

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that
 are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly such
 as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are
 observable at commonly quoted intervals; and 
 
 Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability which are
 typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as there is little, if any,
 related market activity. 
 In instances where the determination of the fair value
measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value
hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair
value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety
requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 
 The Company does not have any fair value measurements using
Level 2 or Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2009. 
 ASC 470-20. The FASB issued Staff Position No. APB 14-1
 Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments that may be Settled in Cash Upon
Conversion (FSP APB 14-1). FSP APB 14-1 was incorporated into ASC 470-20,
Distinguishing Liabilities vs Equity. ASC 470-20 requires the issuer of certain
convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash (or other assets) on
conversion to separately account for the liability and equity components of the
instrument in a manner that reflects the issuer s nonconvertible debt borrowing
rate. Further, ASC 470-20 clarifies the appropriate economics of the conversion
options as borrowing costs and their potential dilutive effects in earnings per
share. ASC 470-20 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2008. The adoption of this standard did not have any impact on the Company s
financial position or results from operations. 
 ASC 470-20. The Emerging Issues Task Force EITF reached
consensus on Issue No. 07-5, Determining Whether an Instrument (or Embedded
Feature) is Indexed to an Entity s Own Stock EITF 07-5 ). EITF 07-5 was
incorporated into ASC 470-20, Distinguising Liabilities vs Equity. ASC 470-20
provides guidance for instruments (including options or warrants on a company s
shares, forward contracts on a company s shares, and convertible debt
instruments and convertible preferred stock) that may contain contract terms
that call into question whether the instrument or embedded feature is indexed to
the entity s own stock. ASC 470-20 is effective for financial statements issued
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2008. The
adoption of this standard did not have any impact on the Company s financial
position or results from operations. 
 ASC 855. The FASB issued FASB Statement No. 165, Subsequent
Events SFAS No. 165 ). The statement establishes general standards of
accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date
but prior to the issuance of financial statements. This statement was
incorporated into ASC 855, Subsequent Events ASC 855 ). ASC 855 sets forth the
period after the balance sheet date during which management of a reporting
entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential
recognition or disclosure in the financial statements as well as the
circumstances under which the entity would recognize them and the related
disclosures an entity should make. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 ASU 2010-06 . The FASB issued ASU 2010-06, Improving
Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements, which is included in the ASC in
Topic 820 (Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures). ASU 2010-06 requires new
disclosures on the amount and reason for transfers in and out of Level 1 and 2
fair value measurements. ASU 2010-06 also requires disclosure of activities,
including purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements within the Level 3 fair
value measurements and clarifies existing disclosure requirements on levels of
disaggregation and disclosures about inputs and valuation techniques. ASU
2010-06 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2009. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adoption of
ASU 2009-14 and does not currently plan to early adopt. 
 -24- 

Application of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The financial statements of our company have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
Because a precise determination of many assets and liabilities is dependent upon
future events, the preparation of financial statements for a period necessarily
involves the use of estimates which have been made using careful judgment. The
financial statements have, in management s opinion, been properly prepared
within reasonable limits of materiality and within the framework of the
significant accounting policies summarized below: 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of certain assets
and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent liabilities. 
 The Company follows the full cost method of accounting for oil
and gas operations whereby all costs of exploring for and developing oil and gas
reserves are initially capitalized on a country-by-country (cost centre) basis.
Such costs include land acquisition costs, geological and geophysical expenses,
carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling and overhead
charges directly related to acquisition and exploration activities. 
 Costs capitalized, together with the costs of production
equipment, are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on
the estimated gross proved reserves. Petroleum products and reserves are
converted to a common unit of measure, using 6 MCF of natural gas to one barrel
of oil. 
 Costs of acquiring and evaluating unproved properties are
initially excluded from depletion calculations. These unevaluated properties are
assessed periodically to ascertain whether impairment has occurred. 
 When proved reserves are assigned or the property is considered
to be impaired, the cost of the property or the amount of the impairment is
added to costs subject to depletion calculations. 
 If capitalized costs, less related accumulated amortization and
deferred income taxes, exceed the full cost ceiling the excess is expensed in
the period such excess occurs. The full cost ceiling is determined based on
the present value of estimated future net revenues attributed to proved
reserves. 
 Proceeds from a sale of petroleum and natural gas properties
are applied against capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recognized, unless
such a sale would alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved
reserves of oil and gas attributable to a cost centre. 
 Estimates of undiscounted future cash flows that we use for
conducting impairment tests are subject to significant judgment decisions based
on assumptions of highly uncertain future factors such as, crude oil and natural
gas prices, production quantities, estimates of recoverable reserves, and
production and transportation costs. Given the significant assumptions required
and the strong possibility that actual future factors will differ, we consider
the impairment test to be a critical accounting procedure. During the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 no property impairment adjustments were
recorded. 
 Management makes significant assumptions and estimates
determining the fair market value of stock-based compensation granted to
employees and non-employees. These estimates have an effect on the stock-based
compensation expense recognized and the contributed surplus and share capital
balances on the Company s Balance Sheet. The value of each option award is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. For
non-employees, such amount is revalued on a quarterly basis. To date,
substantially all of our stock option grants have been to non-employees. The
Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions,
including the expected term of the option award and stock price volatility. The
expected term of options granted for the purposes of the Black-Scholes
calculation is the term of the award. These estimates involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of management judgment. 
 These accounting policies are applied consistently for all
years presented. Our operating results would be affected if other alternatives
were used. Information about the impact on our operating results is included in
the notes to our financial statements. 
 -25- 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 -26- 

Tel: 604 688 5421 
 BDO Canada LLP 

Fax: 604 688 5132 
 600 Cathedral Place 

www.bdo.ca 
 925 West Georgia Street 

Vancouver BC V6C 3L2 Canada 

Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm 

To the Directors and Stockholders of 

Maverick Minerals Corporation 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Maverick Minerals Corporation (an Exploration Stage Company) as of December 31,
 2009 and 2008 and the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
 income (loss), cash flows and changes in capital deficit for the years then
 ended and the period from inception (April 21, 2003) to December 31, 2009. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
 statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
 require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
 The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of
 its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration
 of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
 procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
 expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
 includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
 by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
 presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
 opinion. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects the financial position of
 Maverick Minerals Corporation as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the results
 of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended and for the period
 from inception (April 21, 2003) to December 31, 2009, in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
 assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated
 deficit of 5,148,887 and negative working capital of 833,727 at December 31,
 2009. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
 continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
 also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any
 adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ BDO Canada LLP 

Chartered Accountants 

Vancouver, Canada 

April 14, 2010 

BDO Canada LLP, a Canadian limited liability
 partnership, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by
 guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member
 firms . 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

December 31 

December 31 

2009 

2008 

Current Asset 

Cash 
 
 6,024 

- 

Long term asset 

Oil and gas leases (Note 3) 
 
 571,195 

- 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 577,219 

- 

Current Liabilities 

Bank indebtedness 
 
 - 

669 

Accounts payable (Note 6) 
 
 86,025 

151,413 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 11,582 

7,038 

Convertible debt (Note 5) 
 
 135,625 

- 

Loans payable (Note 4) 
 
 606,519 

631,514 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
 839,751 

790,634 

Long term liabilities 

Loans payable (Note 4) 
 
 357,750 

447,500 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 1,197,501 

1,238,134 

Capital Deficit 

Capital Stock (Note 7) 

Authorized: 

750,000,000 (2008 - 100,000,000) common shares at 0.001 par value 
 Issued and fully paid 10,476,721 (2008 - 2,740,721) common shares 

Par value 
 
 10,477 

2,741 

100,000,000 (2008 - Nil) preferred shares
 at 0.001 par value 
 Issued and fully paid Nil (2008 - Nil) preferred
 shares 

Par value 
 
 - 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 4,604,455 

560,870 

Deficit, accumulated during the exploration stage 
 
 (5,236,087) 
 
 (1,802,618) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 873 

873 

TOTAL CAPITAL DEFICIT 
 
 (620,282) 
 
 (1,238,134) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL DEFICIT 
 
 577,219 

- 

F-1 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Cumulative From 

Date of Inception 

(April 21, 2003) 

Year Ended 

to
 December 31 

December 31 

2009 

2009 

2008 

General and administration expenses 

Audit fees 
 
 312,665 

49,518 

56,126 

Freight 
 
 7,600 

- 

- 

Insurance 
 
 186,297 

- 

- 

Accounting, legal, engineering consulting, investor
 relations 
 
 294,093 

62,057 

39,710 

Management fees and stock based
 compensation (Notes 6 and 7) 
 
 956,839 

133,321 

90,000 

Office 
 
 60,916 

3,334 

1,648 

Telephone and utilities 
 
 83,059 

- 

- 

Transfer agent fees 
 
 22,900 

9,785 

5,665 

Travel 
 
 207,692 

17,948 

11,422 

Wages and benefits 
 
 86,588 

- 

- 

Gain on disposal of assets 
 
 (795,231) 
 
 - 

- 

Loss from operations 
 
 (1,423,418) 
 
 (275,963) 
 
 (204,571) 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 
 
 (60,934) 
 
 (11,577) 
 
 - 

Gain (loss) on foreign exchange 
 
 (10,308) 
 
 (13,429) 
 
 3,122 

Loss on settlement of loans payable (Note
 7) 
 
 (3,204,100) 
 
 (3,132,500) 
 
 - 

Gain on liabilities write-off (Note 4) 
 
 612,373 

- 

311,400 

(2,662,969) 
 
 (3,157,506) 
 
 314,522 

Income (loss) from continuing
 operations 
 
 (4,086,387) 
 
 (3,433,469) 
 
 109,951 

Loss from discontinued operations 

(1,149,700) 
 
 - 

- 

Income (loss) for the period 
 
 (5,236,087) 
 
 (3,433,469) 
 
 109,951 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 873 

- 

- 

Comprehensive Income (loss) 
 
 (5,235,214) 
 
 (3,433,469) 
 
 109,951 

Income (loss) per share - basic and diluted 

(0.38) 
 
 0.04 

Weighted average shares outstanding -
 basic and diluted 

8,928,880 

2,740,721 

F-2 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 
 (An Exploration Stage
 Company) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Expressed in U.S.
 Dollars) 

Cumulative From 

Date of Inception 

(April 21, 2003) 

Year Ended 

to
 December 31 

December 31 

2009 

2009 

2008 

Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) for the period 
 
 (5,236,087) 
 
 (3,433,469) 
 
 109,951 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss for the
 period 
 to cash flows used in operating activities 

Impairment of oil and gas leases 
 
 419,959 

- 

- 

Gain on disposal of assets 
 
 (933,995) 
 
 - 

- 

Gain on liabilities write-off 
 
 (612,373) 

(311,400) 

Stock based compensation 
 
 239,880 

43,321 

- 

Depreciation 
 
 277,578 

- 

- 

Loss on shares issued for services 
 
 105,000 

- 

- 

Loss on settlement of loans payable 
 
 3,204,100 

3,132,500 

- 

Changes in non-cash working capital items 

Accounts payable 
 
 1,646,384 

34,612 

20,672 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 11,582 

4,544 

(42,962) 

Cash used in operating activities 
 
 (877,972) 
 
 (218,492) 
 
 (223,739) 

Investing Activities 

Investment in oil and gas leases 
 
 (836,154) 
 
 (361,195) 
 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 (311,367) 
 
 - 

- 

Cash used in investing activities 
 
 (1,147,521) 
 
 (361,195) 
 
 - 

Financing Activities 

Shares issued for cash 
 
 53,850 

- 

600 

Proceeds from convertible debt 
 
 35,625 

35,625 

- 

Proceeds from (repayment of) bank overdraft 
 
 - 

(669) 
 
 669 

Repayments of loans payable 
 
 (70,000) 
 
 (70,000) 
 
 - 

Proceeds from loans payable 
 
 2,011,169 

620,755 

222,374 

Cash provided by financing
 activities 
 
 2,030,644 

585,711 

223,643 

Decrease in Cash during the period 
 
 5,151 

6,024 

(96) 

Effect of cumulative currency translation 
 
 873 

- 

- 

Cash, beginning of the period 
 
 - 

- 

96 

Cash, end of the period 
 
 6,024 

6,024 

- 

Supplemental Cash Flow information 

Interest paid 
 
 35,000 

- 

- 

Non-cash investing and financing
 activities: 

Impairment in oil and gas leases 
 
 419,959 

- 

- 

Investment in oil and gas leases in
 exchange for notes payable to Veneto 
 
 1,455,000 

- 

- 

Transfer of leases in settlement of notes payable 
 
 1,455,000 

- 

- 

Assignment of accounts payable from
 transfer of leases 
 
 193,764 

- 

- 

Settlement of loan payable 
 
 719,200 

665,500 

- 

Forgiveness of related party balances
 payable 
 
 1,027,791 

- 

- 

Forgiveness of loan payable 
 
 311,400 

- 

311,400 

Shares issued for property services 
 
 210,000 

210,000 

- 

Exchange of accounts payable for convertible debt 
 
 100,000 

100,000 

- 

F-3 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Statement of Changes in Capital Deficit 

For the Period From date of inception on
 April 21, 2003 to December 31, 2009 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Number of 

Par Value 

Additional 

Share 

Accumulated 

Other 

Total 

Common 

@ 0.001 

Paid-in 

Subscription 

Deficit 

Comprehensive 

Capital 

Shares 

Per Share 

Capital 

Receivable 

Loss 

Deficit 

Balance, April 21, 2003 
 
 10 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Adjustment for the issuance
 of 
 common stock on
 recapitalization 
 
 3,758,040 

3,758 

(3,758) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

3,758,050 

3,758 

(3,758) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Adjustment to capital deficit of
 the 
 Company at the recapitalization date 
 
 417,603 

418 

(945,307) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

(944,889) 

4,175,653 

4,176 

(949,065) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

(944,889) 

Shares issued for management services (Note 7) 
 
 150,000 

150 

104,850 

- 

- 

- 

105,000 

Currency translation
 adjustment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

873 

873 

Net
 loss for the period 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(626,985) 
 
 - 

(626,985) 

Balance, December 31, 2003 
 
 4,325,653 

4,326 

(844,215) 
 
 - 

(626,985) 
 
 873 

(1,466,001) 

Shares issued for cash (Note 7) 
 
 1,000,000 

1,000 

24,000 

- 

- 

- 

25,000 

Shares subscribed but unissued 
 
 - 

27,500 

- 

- 

- 

- 

27,500 

Forgiveness of related party balances payable 
 
 - 

- 

1,027,791 

- 

- 

- 

1,027,791 

Net income for the year 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

71,698 

- 

71,698 

Balance, December 31, 2004 
 
 5,325,653 

32,826 

207,576 

- 

(555,287) 
 
 873 

(314,012) 

Shares subscribed but unissued 
 
 - 

(27,500) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(27,500) 

Shares issued for cash (Note 7) 
 
 2,750,000 

2,750 

24,750 

- 

- 

- 

27,500 

Cancellation of shares (Note
 7) 
 
 (5,437,932) 
 
 (5,438) 
 
 5,438 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Compensation expense on share cancellation
 (Note 7) 
 
 - 

- 

44,720 

- 

- 

- 

44,720 

Shares issued for loan payable
 settlement (Note 7) 
 
 89,500 

90 

125,211 

- 

- 

- 

125,300 

Shares issued for cash (Note 7) 
 
 7,500 

8 

743 

- 

- 

- 

750 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 

- 

140,438 

- 

- 

- 

140,438 

Net
 loss for the year 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(1,036,098) 
 
 - 

(1,036,098) 

Balance, December 31, 2005 
 
 2,734,721 

2,735 

548,875 

- 

(1,591,385) 
 
 873 

(1,038,902) 

Shares issued for cash (Note 7) 
 
 6,000 

6 

594 

(600) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 

- 

11,401 

- 

- 

- 

11,401 

Net
 loss for the year 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(128,774) 
 
 - 

(128,774) 

Balance, December 31, 2006 
 
 2,740,721 

2,741 

560,870 

(600) 
 
 (1,720,159) 
 
 873 

(1,156,275) 

Net
 loss for the year 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(192,410) 
 
 - 

(192,410) 

Balance, December 31, 2007 
 
 2,740,721 

2,741 

560,870 

(600) 
 
 (1,912,569) 
 
 873 

(1,348,685) 

Share subscriptions paid (Note 7) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

600 

- 

- 

600 

Net income for the year 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

109,951 

- 

109,951 

Balance, December 31, 2008 
 
 2,740,721 

2,741 

560,870 

- 

(1,802,618) 
 
 873 

(1,238,134) 

Cancellation of shares (Note
 7) 
 
 (2,000,000) 
 
 (2,000) 
 
 2,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued for loan payable settlement
 (Note 7) 
 
 8,950,000 

8,950 

3,571,050 

- 

- 

- 

3,580,000 

Shares issued for loan payable
 settlement (Note 7) 
 
 436,000 

436 

217,564 

- 

- 

- 

218,000 

Shares issued for consulting services (Note 7) 
 
 350,000 

350 

209,650 

- 

- 

- 

210,000 

Stock based compensation (Note
 8) 
 
 - 

- 

43,321 

- 

- 

- 

43,321 

Net
 loss for the year 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(3,433,469) 
 
 - 

(3,433,469) 

Balance, December 31, 2009 
 
 10,476,721 

10,477 

4,604,455 

- 

(5,236,087) 
 
 873 

(620,282) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
 these financial statements F-4 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 1. 
 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND ABILITY
 TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN 

Maverick Minerals Corporation the Company was incorporated
 on August 27, 1998 under the Company Act of the State of Nevada, U.S.A. to
 pursue opportunities in the business of franchising fast food distributor
 systems. On May 23, 2001, the Company changed its direction to the energy and
 mineral resource fields, as an exploration stage company, and still is an
 exploration stage company. 
 On April 21, 2003 the Company closed a transaction, as set out
 in the Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with UCO Energy Corporation UCO to purchase the outstanding equity of UCO. To facilitate the transaction, the
 Company consolidated its share capital at a ratio of one for five. Subsequent to
 the share consolidation, the Company issued 3,758,040 common shares in exchange
 for all the issued and outstanding common shares of UCO. As a result of the
 transaction, the former shareholders of UCO held approximately 90 of the issued
 and outstanding common shares of the Company. The acquisition of UCO was
 recorded as a reverse acquisition for accounting purposes as a recapitalization
 of UCO. A net distribution of 944,889 was recorded in connection with the
 common stock of the Company for the acquisition of UCO in respect of the
 Company s net liabilities at the acquisition date. The Company had minimal
 assets and had liabilities owing to suppliers as well as amounts owing under
 agreements with third parties as well as related parties and as there were no
 other business interests, the Company was acting as a public shell company. The
 financial statements are now presented as a continuation of UCO. UCO was in the
 business of pursuing opportunities in the coal mining industry. The Company has
 since disposed of its mining and oil and gas interests and is seeking new
 projects in these industries. 
 These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
 prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the
 realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the
 normal course of business. As at December 31, 2009, the Company has negative
 working capital of 833,727 (2008 790,634), and has an accumulated deficit of
 5,236,087 at December 31, 2009. The continuation of the Company is dependent
 upon obtaining a successful new exploration project, the continuing support of
 creditors and stockholders as well as achieving and maintaining a profitable
 level of operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
 Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management anticipates that it
 requires approximately 1,290,000 over the twelve months ending December 31,
 2010 to continue operations, and approximately an additional 3,776,100 in
 estimated expenditures related to the oil and gas leases (Note 3). A portion of
 this anticipated requirement will be funded by the 1,000,000 revolving loan the
 Company obtained during the year ended December 31, 2009. In addition to funding
 the Company s general, administrative and corporate expenses the Company is
 obligated to address its current obligations totaling 839,751. To the extent
 that cash needs are not achieved from operating cash flow and existing cash on
 hand, the Company plans to raise necessary cash through equity issuances and/or
 debt financing. Amounts raised will be used to continue the development of the
 Company's explorations activities, and for other working capital purposes. 
 Management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will
 be successful in any of its plans. Although there are no assurances that
 management's plans will be realized, management believes that the Company will
 be able to continue operations in the future. The financial statements do not
 include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
 recorded assets or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might
 be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES 

(a) 
 Basis of Presentation 

These financial statements are prepared in accordance
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America, and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned
 subsidiary, Eskota Energy Corporation. All intercompany transactions and
 balances have been eliminated on
 consolidation. 

F-5 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued 

(b) 
 Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
 with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions which
 affect the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements,
 the notes thereto, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates. 

(c) 
 Foreign Currency Translation 

The Company s functional currency is the United States
 dollar. Transactions undertaken in currencies other than the functional
 currency are translated using the exchange rate in effect on the
 transaction date. At the end of the period, monetary assets and
 liabilities are translated to the respective functional currency using the
 exchange rate in effect at the period end date. Transaction gains and
 losses are included in the Consolidated Statements of
 Operations. 

(d) 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value of the Company s financial instruments,
 which consist of cash, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, convertible
 debt and loans payable approximate their carrying values due to their
 short term or demand nature. The fair value for long-term loans payable
 approximates book value using current rates of interest. 

(e) 
 Revenue Recognition 

Revenues on sales of oil and natural gas are recognized
 when the products are delivered, title has transferred to the customer,
 and amounts are deemed collectible. 

(f) 
 Property and Equipment 

The Company depreciates its property and equipment at 20 
 per annum on a straight-line basis. The Company has disposed of all
 property and equipment as of December 31, 2006. 

(g) 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment when
 events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. An impairment loss
 would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
 to result from the use of these assets and their eventual disposition is
 less than their carrying amount. Impairment, if any, is assessed using
 discounted cash flows. 

Estimates of undiscounted future cash flows used for
 conducting impairment tests are subject to significant judgment decisions
 based on assumptions of highly uncertain future factors such as, crude oil
 prices, production quantities, estimates of recoverable reserves, and
 production and transportation costs. No impairment write-downs were
 determined necessary at December 31, 2009 or 2008. 

(h) 
 Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for all stock-based payments and
 awards under the fair value based method. Stock-based payments to
 non-employees are measured at the fair value of the consideration
 received, or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, or
 liabilities incurred, whichever is more reliably
 measurable. 

F-6 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued 

(h) 
 Stock-Based Compensation - continued 

The fair value of stock-based payments to non-employees
 is periodically re-measured until the counterparty performance is
 complete, and any change therein is recognized over the vesting period of
 the award and in the same manner as if the Company had paid cash instead
 of paying with or using equity based instruments. Compensation costs for
 stock-based payments with graded vesting are recognized on a straight-line
 basis. The cost of the stock-based payments to non-employees that are
 fully vested and nonforfeitable as at the grant date is measured and
 recognized at that date, unless there is a contractual term for services
 in which case such compensation would be amortized over the contractual
 term. 

The Company accounts for the granting of share purchase
 options to employees using the fair value method whereby all awards to
 employees will be recorded at fair value on the date of the grant. The
 fair value of all share purchase options are expensed over their vesting
 period with a corresponding increase to additional capital surplus. Upon
 exercise of share purchase options, the consideration paid by the option
 holder, together with the amount previously recognized in additional
 capital surplus, is recorded as an increase to share capital. 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model
 to calculate the fair value of share purchase options at the date of the
 grant. Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective
 assumptions, including the expected price volatility. Changes in these
 assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. 

(i) 
 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

The basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by
 dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average
 number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per common
 share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the
 denominator is increased to include the number of additional shares that
 would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
 and if the additional common shares were dilutive. The if-converted method
 is used in calculating diluted earnings (loss) per share for the
 convertible debentures. The treasury stock method is used in calculating
 diluted earnings (loss) per share, which assumes that any proceeds
 received from the exercise of in-the-money stock options would be used to
 purchase common shares at the average market price for the
 period. 

For the year ended December 31, 2009, loss per share
 excludes 525,833 (2008 Nil) potentially dilutive common shares (related
 to outstanding options and shares issuable on the conversion of
 convertible debt) as their effect was anti-dilutive. 

(j) 
 Oil and Gas Leases 

The Company follows the full cost method of accounting
 for oil and gas operations whereby all costs of exploring for and
 developing oil and gas reserves are initially capitalized on a
 country-by-country (cost centre) basis. Such costs include land
 acquisition costs, geological and geophysical expenses, carrying charges
 on non-producing properties, costs of drilling and overhead charges
 directly related to acquisition and exploration activities. 

Costs capitalized, together with the costs of production
 equipment, are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method
 based on the estimated gross proved reserves. Petroleum products and
 reserves are converted to a common unit of measure, using 6 MCF of natural
 gas to one barrel of oil. 

Costs of acquiring and evaluating unproved properties are
 initially excluded from depletion calculations. These unevaluated
 properties are assessed periodically to ascertain whether impairment has
 occurred. 

F-7 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued 

(j) 
 Oil and Gas Leases - continued 

When proved reserves are assigned or the property is
 considered to be impaired, the cost of the property or the amount of the
 impairment is added to costs subject to depletion calculations. 

If capitalized costs, less related accumulated
 amortization and deferred income taxes, exceed the full cost ceiling the
 excess is expensed in the period such excess occurs. The full cost
 ceiling is determined based on the present value of estimated future net
 revenues attributed to proved reserves, using market prices less estimated
 future expenditures plus the lower of cost and fair value of unproved
 properties within the cost centre. 

Proceeds from a sale of petroleum and natural gas
 properties are applied against capitalized costs, with no gain or loss
 recognized, unless such a sale would alter the relationship between
 capitalized costs and proved reserves of oil and gas attributable to a
 cost centre. 

(k) 
 Comprehensive Income 

ASC 220, "Comprehensive Income", establishes standards
 for reporting and presentation of comprehensive income (loss). This
 standard defines comprehensive income as the changes in equity of an
 enterprise except those resulting from stockholder transactions. 

(l) 
 Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740, Income Taxes ("ASC
 740"). There are two major components of income tax expense, current and
 deferred. Current income tax expense approximates cash to be paid or
 refunded for taxes for the applicable period. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial
 statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities as measured by the
 enacted tax rates, which will be in effect when these differences reverse.
 Deferred tax expense or benefit is the result of changes between deferred
 tax assets and liabilities. 

A valuation allowance is established when, based on an
 evaluation of objective verifiable evidence, it is more likely than not
 that some portion or all of deferred tax assets will not be
 realized. 

The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income
 tax position at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be
 sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority and includes
 consideration of interest and penalties. An uncertain income tax position
 is not recognized if there is a 50 or less likelihood of being sustained.
 The liability for unrecognized tax benefits is classified as non-current
 unless the liability is expected to be settled in cash within 12 months of
 the reporting date. 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to
 unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax expense line in the
 statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included
 within unrecognized tax benefits and other long-term liabilities line in
 the balance sheet. 

(m) 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 

ASC 105. The Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB issued FASB Statement No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards
 Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting
 Principles , SFAS No. 168 a replacement of FASB Statement
 No. 162. SFAS No. 168 is the new source of authoritative GAAP
 recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities. Rules
 and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities
 laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC
 registrants. 

F-8 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued 

(m) 
 New Accounting Pronouncements - continued 

This statement was incorporated into ASC 105, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles under the new FASB
 codification which became effective on July 1, 2009. The new Codification
 supersedes all then-existing non-SEC accounting and reporting standards.
 All other non-grandfathered non-SEC accounting literature not included in
 the Codification will become non-authoritative. The Company adopted this
 statement during the third quarter of 2009. The adoption of this standard
 did not have any impact on the Company s financial position or results
 from operations. 

ASC 805 . The FASB issued ASC 805, Business
 Combinations . The standard requires the acquiring entity in a business
 combination to recognize all (and only) the assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed in the transaction; establishes the acquisition date
 fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed; and requires the acquirer to disclose to investors
 and other users all of the information they need to evaluate and
 understand the nature and financial effect of the business combination.
 The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our
 consolidated financial statements. 

ASC 810 . The FASB issued ASC 810, Consolidation .
 The standard requires all entities to report noncontrolling (minority)
 interests as equity in consolidated financial statements. ASC 810
 eliminates the diversity that currently exists in accounting for
 transactions between an entity and noncontrolling interests by requiring
 they be treated as equity transactions. The adoption of this standard did
 not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements. 

ASC 815 . The FASB issued ASC 815, Derivatives and
 Hedging , which requires additional disclosures about the objectives of
 the derivative instruments and hedging activities, the method of
 accounting for such instruments under ASC 815 and its related
 interpretations, and a tabular disclosure of the effects of such
 instruments and related hedged items on our financial position, financial
 performance, and cash flows. ASC 815 is effective for fiscal years and
 interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008. The adoption of this
 standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements. 

ASC 820 - The Company adopted ASC 820 , Fair Value
 Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820 applies to most current
 accounting rules requiring or permitting fair value measurements. ASC 820
 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded
 disclosures about fair value methods and inputs by establishing a
 hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the information used
 by management to measure and report amounts at fair value. 

ASC 820-10 emphasizes that fair value is a market-based
 measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value
 measurement should be determined based on the assumptions that market
 participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

As a basis for considering market participant assumptions
 in fair value measurements, ASC 820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market
 data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable
 inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the
 reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions
 (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the
 hierarchy). 

F-9 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued 

(m) 
 New Accounting Pronouncements - continued 

ASC 820-10 - continued 

The fair value hierarchy, as defined by ASC 820-10,
 contains three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value as
 follows: 

Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in
 active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices
 included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
 directly or indirectly such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and
 yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals;
 and 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or
 liability which are typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as
 there is little, if any, related market activity. 

In instances where the determination of the fair value
 measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value
 hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire
 fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is
 significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s
 assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value
 measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors
 specific to the asset or liability. 

The Company does not have any fair value measurements
 using Level 2 or Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2009. 

ASC 470-20 . The FASB issued Staff Position No. APB
 14-1 Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments that may be Settled in
 Cash Upon Conversion (FSP APB 14-1). FSP APB 14-1 was incorporated into
 ASC 470-20, Distinguishing Liabilities vs Equity. ASC 470-20 requires the
 issuer of certain convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash
 (or other assets) on conversion to separately account for the liability
 and equity components of the instrument in a manner that reflects the
 issuer s nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. Further, ASC 470-20 clarifies
 the appropriate economics of the conversion options as borrowing costs and
 their potential dilutive effects in earnings per share. ASC 470-20 is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. The adoption
 of this standard did not have any impact on the Company s financial
 position or results from operations. 

ASC 470-20 . The Emerging Issues Task Force
 EITF reached consensus on Issue No. 07-5, Determining Whether an
 Instrument (or Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity s Own Stock
 EITF 07-5 ). EITF 07-5 was incorporated into ASC 470-20, Distinguising
 Liabilities vs Equity. ASC 470-20 provides guidance for instruments
 (including options or warrants on a company s shares, forward contracts on
 a company s shares, and convertible debt instruments and convertible
 preferred stock) that may contain contract terms that call into question
 whether the instrument or embedded feature is indexed to the entity s own
 stock. ASC 470-20 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
 years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2008. The adoption
 of this standard did not have any impact on the Company s financial
 position or results from operations. 

ASC 855 . The FASB issued FASB Statement No. 165,
 Subsequent Events. The statement establishes general standards of
 accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet
 date but prior to the issuance of financial statements. This statement was
 incorporated into ASC 855, Subsequent Events ASC
 855 ). 

F-10 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued 

(m) 
 New Accounting Pronouncements - continued 

ASC 855 - continued 

ASC 855 sets forth the period after the balance sheet
 date during which management of a reporting entity should evaluate events
 or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in
 the financial statements as well as the circumstances under which the
 entity would recognize them and the related disclosures an entity should
 make. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the
 Company s consolidated financial statements. 

(n) 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet
 Adopted 

ASU 2010-06 . The FASB issued ASU 2010-06, Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements, which is
 included in the ASC in Topic 820 (Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures). ASU 2010-06 requires new disclosures on the amount and
 reason for transfers in and out of Level 1 and 2 fair value measurements.
 ASU 2010-06 also requires disclosure of activities, including purchases,
 sales, issuances, and settlements within the Level 3 fair value
 measurements and clarifies existing disclosure requirements on levels of
 disaggregation and disclosures about inputs and valuation techniques. ASU
 2010-06 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
 after December 15, 2009. The Company is currently assessing the impact of
 adoption of ASU 2009-14 and does not currently plan to early
 adopt. 

(o) 
 Comparative Figures 

Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to
 conform to the current year s presentation. 

Note 3. 
 OIL AND GAS
 LEASES 

On December 14, 2009, the Company entered into a farm-out
 agreement (the Farmout Agreement with Southeastern Pipe Line Company SEPL pursuant to which the Company acquired the right to earn an interest in certain
 oil and gas mineral leases located in Fort Bend and Wharton Counties, Texas
 (collectively, the Leases and to the lands covered thereby subject to certain
 conditions, including the following: 

(i) 
 Payment of a non-refundable fee of 350,000 to
 SEPL; 

(ii) 
 Commencement of continuous and actual drilling operations
 on an oil or gas well to a good and workmanlike manner with due diligence
 and to a depth sufficient for testing on the undeveloped Leases on or
 prior to December 14, 2010; 

(iii) 
 Completion of drilling on every drillable tract of the
 undeveloped Leases prior to commencing drilling operations on the
 developed Leases; 

(iv) 
 Completion of the drilling of at least four wells on the
 undeveloped acreage, to a good and workmanlike manner with due diligence
 and to a depth sufficient for testing, and commence commercial production
 on such wells within 120 days after completion of drilling with the option
 to pay 250,000 per well to opt out of the requirement to drill up to two
 of the four wells; 

F-11 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 3. 
 OIL AND GAS
 LEASES - continued 

(v) 
 Upon earning the interest in the Leases, The Company
 agrees to enter into a Joint Operating Agreement to govern operations by
 the parties on the Leases, and SEPL agrees to assign its 100 interest in
 the Leases to The Company subject to reserving an overriding royalty
 interest equal to the difference between all the existing lease burdens of
 record in effect as of October 1, 2009 and 30 , thereby delivering to The
 Company a 70 net revenue interest in the Leases; and 

(vi) 
 The Company granting an option to SEPL pursuant to which
 SEPL may after all drilling and completion cost have been recovered by The
 Company, back-in a 25 of eight-eighths working interest (subject to
 proportionate reduction if The Company s acreage covers less than the
 entirety of the mineral interest under the proration spacing unit
 drilled), on a well-by-well basis. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Farmout
 Agreement, if the Company fails to commence the drilling operations on the first
 test well by December 14, 2010, the agreement terminates immediately and the
 Company forfeits the deposit. Provided the Company establishes commercial
 production and meets the requirements for the first well tested, the Company
 will have an option to develop additional wells within 180 days after the
 completion of the first well tested or a subsequent wells tested. Also, pursuant
 to the terms of the agreement the Company agreed to indemnify SEPL and its
 affiliates from all claims arising from the drilling or operations of the first
 test well or any subsequent wells tested . 
 In connection with these leases the
 Company issued 3,500,000 shares (Note 7) as payment for geological consulting
 services. 
 Closing of the transactions
 contemplated in the Farmout Agreement occurred on December 14, 2009. Net
 carrying costs at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

December 31, 2009 

December 31, 2008 

Deposit on oil and gas leases 
 
 350,000 

- 

Consulting costs 
 
 210,000 

- 

Legal costs 
 
 11,195 

- 

Interest in Oil Gas leases 
 
 571,195 

- 

Note 4. 
 LOANS PAYABLE 

The Company has the following loans payable: 

December 31, 2009 

December 31, 2008 

Art Brokerage Current (1) 
 
 586,519 

611,514 

Mr. Alonzo B. Leavell (1) 
 
 20,000 

20,000 

606,519 

631,514 

Senergy Partners LLC (2) 
 
 357,750 

- 

Art Brokerage Long Term 
 
 - 

447,500 

964,268 

1,079,014 

(1) 
 
 These amounts are unsecured, bear no interest, with no
 specific terms of repayment. 

(2) 
 
 This credit facility is unsecured, bears interest at 8 per annum, maturing on December 31, 2012 (see Note 7(b)). The remaining amount available under this credit facility is 642,250 as at December 31, 2009. 

On November 21, 2008, Pride of Aspen
 Associates LLC Pride of Aspen executed a Deed of Release pursuant to which
 Pride of Aspen released the Company from any obligation to repay the sum of
 311,400 owed to Pride of Aspen for Nil consideration. F-12 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 4. 
 LOANS PAYABLE - continued 

A portion of the Art Brokerage loan at
 December 31, 2008 had been classified as long-term debt as at December 31, 2008
 since the Company had entered into the Debt Settlement Agreement (Note 7 (d)) on
 February 13, 2009, with Synergy Partners LLC Synergy ), before the 2008
 financial statements were issued. 

Note 5. 
 CONVERTIBLE DEBT 

a) 
 On November 26, 2009, the Company issued a convertible
 note in the amount of 100,000 to a related party to settle an outstanding
 payable of 100,000. This convertible note is due on demand, and bears
 interest at 8 per annum. The debt is convertible into common shares at a
 conversion rate of 0.30 per share. 

b) 
 On December 11, 2009, the Company issued a convertible
 note in the amount of 35,625. This convertible note is due on June 11,
 2010 and bears interest at 8 per annum. The debt is convertible into
 common shares at 0.75 per share. The Company has the right to prepay any
 portion of the principal amount of this debenture without prior written
 consent on the holder. 

Both convertible notes are accounted for in accordance
 with ASC 470-20 which requires the Company to classify as equity any
 amounts representing a beneficial conversion feature. As both conversion
 prices exceed the fair value of the underlying common shares on the issue
 date, no beneficial conversion feature is recognized under ASC 470-20 and
 the entire proceeds are classified as debt until such time as they are
 converted to equity. Accordingly, the convertible notes are presented on
 the consolidated balance sheets as a liability. No convertible notes
 discount is recognized. 

Convertible notes 

Balance, December 31, 2008 
 
 - 

Issuance of convertible note (a) 
 
 100,000 

Issuance of convertible note (b) 
 
 35,625 

Balance, December 31, 2009 
 
 135,625 

Note 6. 
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

On June 5, 2005, the Company entered
 into a management agreement with its chief executive officer CEO ). The
 agreement was for a term of two years with an annual fee of 90,000 and expired
 on May 31, 2007. A new management agreement has not been signed and it has been
 assumed that the previous management agreement is still in effect until a new
 agreement has been entered into. 
 Management fees of 90,000 were charged
 to expense in these financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2009
 (2008 - 90,000) There are management fees payable of Nil at December 31, 2009
 (2008 - 75,941) that have been included in accounts payable. 

Note 7. 
 SHARE CAPITAL 

As explained in Note 1, on April 21,
 2003 the Company issued 3,758,040 common shares in exchange for all the issued
 and outstanding common shares of UCO. 
 In July 2003, the Company issued
 150,000 common shares to the Company s CEO in exchange for management services.
 The transaction was recorded at the quoted market price of 0.70 per common
 share and resulted in compensation expense of 105,000. No consideration was
 received by the Company in the exchange of shares for management services. F-13 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 7. 
 SHARE CAPITAL continued 

In June 2004, the Company issued
 1,000,000 common shares at a price of 0.025 for proceeds of 25,000. 
 In January 2005, the Company issued
 2,750,000 common shares at a price of 0.01 for proceeds of 27,500. 
 In June 2005, the Company cancelled
 5,437,932 common shares, under an agreement with certain stockholders, which
 included the former stockholders of UCO, and two other stockholders including
 the CEO of the Company. The former stockholders of UCO surrendered the majority
 of the shares which was approximately 95 of the total common shares that they
 held at the time. As a result of the share cancellation, one single common
 stockholder emerged as the majority stockholder with approximately 76 of the
 total issued and outstanding common shares. In addition, the CEO s percentage
 common share holding increased and resulted in compensation expense of 44,720. 
 In July 2005, the Company issued 89,500
 common shares at a price of 0.60 to settle an amount owing with respect to a
 loan payable. The transaction was recorded at the quoted market price of 1.40
 and resulted in a loss on settlement of loan payable of 71,600. 
 In September 2005, the Company issued
 7,500 common shares at a price of 0.10 for cash proceeds of 750 in relation to
 the exercise of stock options. 
 In April 2006, the Company issued 6,000
 common shares at a price of 0.10 for 600 in relation to the exercise of stock
 options. As of December 31, 2007, the Company was still owed this amount which
 has been recorded as a share subscription receivable. 
 In 2007 and 2008, there were no share
 capital transactions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2009
 the following transactions occurred: 

(a) 
 On February 2, 2009 a major shareholder returned to
 treasury 2,000,000 common shares of the Company for nil consideration in
 contemplation of further share issuances (as described below). 

(b) 
 The Company entered into a loan agreement with Senergy on
 February 13, 2009, pursuant to which the Company established an unsecured
 revolving loan of up to 1,000,000 (the Credit Facility ). The
 outstanding principal amount of the Credit Facility together with all the
 accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts outstanding there under
 are due and payable in full on December 31, 2012, the maturity date.
 Outstanding principal under the Credit Facility bears interest at an
 annual rate of 8 (Note 4). 

(c) 
 In connection with the Company entering into the Credit
 Facility and Debt Settlement Agreement with Senergy, the Company entered
 into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Senergy and Art
 Brokerage, Inc. ABI dated February 13, 2009, pursuant to which ABI
 assigned to Senergy all of its right, title and interest to a debt (the
 Assigned Debt of 447,500 (Note 4) owed by the Company to
 ABI. 

(d) 
 On February 13, 2009, the Company entered into a debt
 settlement and subscription agreement (the Debt Settlement Agreement with Senergy in consideration of Senergy entering into the Credit
 Facility. Pursuant to the terms of the Debt Settlement Agreement, the
 company agreed to issue to Senergy 8,950,000 shares of the Company common
 stock in settlement of a 447,500 debt owed to
 Senergy. 

F-14 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 7. 
 SHARE CAPITAL continued 

As a result of these transactions,
 Senergy acquired 8,950,000 shares or 92.3 of the Company s issued and
 outstanding common stock. The Company issued 8,950,000 common shares to settle
 an amount owing with respect to a loan payable totaling 447,500. The
 transaction was recorded at the quoted market price of 0.40 and resulted in a
 loss on settlement of loan payable of 3,132,500. 
 On August 11, 2009 the Company's
 articles of incorporation were amended and restated to increase the number of
 authorized shares of its common stock from 100,000,000 to 750,000,000. In
 addition the Company's articles of incorporation were amended and restated to
 authorize 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.001,
 which may be divided into and issued in series, with such designations, rights,
 qualifications, preferences, limitations and terms as fixed and determined by
 the Company's board of directors. 
 On September 24, 2009, the Company issued a further 436,000 shares to settle 218,000 owed to ABI (Note 4). The transaction was recorded at the quoted at the market price of 0.30 and was treated as a capital transaction which resulted in a charge to equity of 218,000. 
 On December 11, 2009, the Company
 issued 175,000 shares each to two consultants, (350,000 shares total) for
 geological consulting services. The transactions were recorded at the quoted
 market price of 0.60 per share for total consideration of 210,000 which was
 capitalized to Oil and Gas Leases on the balance sheet (Note 3). 
 Effective December 31, 2009, the
 Company effected a ten (10) for one (1) reverse stock split of the Company s
 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Shares and per share amounts have
 been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse stock split. 

Note 8. 
 STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK BASED COMPENSATION 

Stock options 
 
 The stock option plan of the Company
 provides for the granting of up to 300,000 stock options to key employees,
 directors and consultants, of common shares of the Company. Under the stock
 option plan, the granting of incentive and non-qualified stock options, exercise
 prices and terms were determined by the Board of Directors. 
 On June 1, 2009, the Company s board of
 directors adopted the 2009 Stock Option Plan. The purpose of the 2009 stock
 option plan is to retain the services of valued key employees and consultants of
 the Company. Under the plan, the plan administrator is authorized to grant stock
 options to acquire up to a total of up to 7,500,000 shares of common stock. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Weighted average assumptions used in
 calculating compensation expense in respect of options granted using the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows: 

2009 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 2.42 

Dividend yield 
 
 Nil 

Expected volatility factor of the expected
 market price of the Company s common shares 
 
 317 

Weighted average expected life of the options 
 
 3.36 yrs 

There were no stock options granted or outstanding during
 2008. 

F-15 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 8. 
 STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK BASED COMPENSATION - continued 

Stock-based compensation - continued 
 
 During the year ended December 31,
 2009, there were 115,000 options granted to directors and 30,000 options granted
 to consultants. All options granted were fully vested at the date of issuance
 which resulted in a stock-based compensation expense of 43,321 being charged to
 operations during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 These options are exercisable at price
 of 0.40 per option and expire on December 31, 2012. No options were exercised
 or expired in 2009. The fair value of these options granted was approximately
 0.30 per share on the grant date. 

Note 9. 
 INCOME TAXES 

The tax effects of temporary
 differences that give rise to deferred tax assets at December 31, 2009 and 2008
 are presented below: 

2009 

2008 

Operating losses 
 
 130,000 

237,000 

Capital losses 
 
 97,000 

97,000 

Management fees 
 
 31,000 

- 

Valuation allowance 
 
 (258,000) 
 
 (334,000) 

- 

- 

The Company evaluates its valuation
 allowance requirements based on projected future operations. When circumstances
 change and this causes a change in management s judgment about the
 recoverability of deferred tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation
 allowance is reflected in current income. 
 The provision for income taxes differs
 from the amount estimated using the United States federal statutory income tax
 rate as follows: 

For the year ended 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2009 

December 31, 2008 

Income tax expense (recovery) based on
 federal US statutory rates 
 
 (1,167,000) 
 
 37,000 

Non-deductible gain on foreign exchange 
 
 - 

(1,000) 

Loss on debt settlement 
 
 1,095,000 

- 

Stock based compensation 
 
 15,000 

- 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 
 
 57,000 

(36,000) 

- 

- 

At December 31, 2009, the Company had
 estimated losses carried forward of approximately 383,000 (2008- 698,000) that
 may be available to offset future taxable income. The valuation allowance was
 decreased by 133,000 (2008 - Nil), representing the tax effect of operating
 losses restricted due to the change in ownership during the year ended December
 31, 2009. The potential tax benefits have been fully allowed for in the
 valuation allowance in these financial statements. These Federal and state net
 operating loss carry-forwards begin to expire on various dates from 2025 through
 2029. 
 The Company files income tax returns in
 the United States. All of the Company s tax returns are subject to tax
 examinations until respective statute of limitation. The Company currently has
 no tax years under examination. The Company s tax filings for the years 2006 -
 2009 remain open to examination.
 F-16 

MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2009 and 2008 

(Expressed in
 U.S. Dollars) 

Note 9. 
 INCOME TAXES - continued 

Based on management s assessment of ASC
 740, the Company concluded that the adoption of ASC 740 had no significant
 impact on our results of operations or financial position, and required no
 adjustment to the opening balance sheet accounts. The year-end analysis supports
 the same conclusion, and the Company does not have an accrual for uncertain tax
 positions as of December 31, 2008 and 2009. 
 As a result, tabular reconciliation of
 beginning and ending balances would not be meaningful. If interest and penalties
 were to be assessed, the Company would charge interest to interest expense, and
 penalties to other operating expense. It is not anticipated that unrecognized
 tax benefits would significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of
 the reporting date. 

Note 10. 
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

(a) 
 Interest rate Risk: 

It is management's opinion that the Corporation is not
 exposed to significant interest rate risk 

(b) 
 Credit Risk: 

The Corporation maintains all of its cash and cash
 equivalents with major financial institutions in the United States.
 Management is of the opinion that the Corporation is not exposed to
 significant credit risk. 

(c) 
 Foreign Currency Risk: 

A component of the Corporation s transactions are
 undertaken in Canadian dollars. Fluctuation in exchange rates between the
 Canadian and US dollars could have a material effect on the business,
 results of operations and financial condition of the
 Corporation. 

F-17 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and
remediation 
 As required by Rule 13(a)-15 under the Exchange Act, in
connection with this annual report on Form 10-K, under the direction of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2009, including the
remedial actions discussed below, and we have concluded that, as of December 31,
2009, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as discussed in
greater detail below. As of the date of this filing, we are still in the process
of remediating such material weaknesses in our internal controls and
procedures. 
 It should be noted that while our management believes our
disclosure controls and procedures provide a reasonable level of assurance, they
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two
or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of internal control is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Management s annual report on internal control over
financial reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our management evaluated, under the supervision and with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer, the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. 
 Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31,
2009, due to the existence of significant deficiencies constituting material
weaknesses, as described in greater detail below. A material weakness is a
control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of
our company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to
attestation by our company s independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit our company to provide only
management s report in this annual report. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not
expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial
reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of 
 -27- 

controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additional controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two
or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions;
over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Material Weaknesses Identified 
 In connection with the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2009, certain significant
deficiencies in internal control became evident to management that represent
material weaknesses, including: 

(i) 
 
 Lack of a sufficient number of independent directors for
 our board and audit committee. We currently have no independent director
 on our board, which is comprised of one director. As a publicly-traded
 company, we strive to have a majority of our board of directors be
 independent; 

(ii) 
 
 Insufficient segregation of duties in our finance and
 accounting functions due to limited personnel. During the year ended
 December 31, 2009, we had limited staff that performed nearly all aspects
 of our financial reporting process, including, but not limited to, access
 to the underlying accounting records and systems, the ability to post and
 record journal entries and responsibility for the preparation of the
 financial statements. This creates certain incompatible duties and a lack
 of review over the financial reporting process that would likely result in
 a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets, calculations, or assumptions
 used to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed
 with the SEC. These control deficiencies could result in a material
 misstatement to our interim or annual consolidated financial statements
 that would not be prevented or detected; 

(iii) 
 
 There is a lack of sufficient supervision and review by
 our corporate management; 

(iv) 
 
 Insufficient corporate governance policies. Although we
 have a code of ethics which provides broad guidelines for corporate
 governance, our corporate governance activities and processes are not
 always formally documented. Specifically, decisions made by the board to
 be carried out by management should be documented and communicated on a
 timely basis to reduce the likelihood of any misunderstandings regarding
 key decisions affecting our operations and management; and 

(v) 
 
 Our company s accounting personnel does not have
 sufficient technical accounting knowledge relating to accounting for
 income taxes and complex US GAAP matters. Management corrected any errors
 prior to the release of our company s December 31, 2009 consolidated
 financial statements. 
 Plan for Remediation of Material Weaknesses 
 We intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the
necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies. We intend to consider
the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our
year-end 2010 assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. 
 Subject to receipt of additional financing, we intend to
undertake the below remediation measures to address the material weaknesses
described in this annual report. Such remediation activities include the
following: 

(1) 
 
 We continue to recruit two or more additional independent
 board members to join our board of directors and will consider the
 adoption of an audit committee at such time as additional board members
 are retained; 

(2) 
 
 We intend to retain a qualified CFO to assist in the
 preparation of our public filings and assist on accounting matters;
 and 
 -28- 

(3) 
 
 We intend to continue to update the documentation of our
 internal control processes, including formal risk assessment of our
 financial reporting processes. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2009 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 -29- 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Robert Kinloch 
 54 
 President, Chief Executive
 Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Donald Kinloch 
 51 
 Secretary and Treasurer 

 Summary Background of Executive Officers and
Directors 
 The following is a brief account of the education and business
experience of each director and executive officer during at least the past five
years, indicating each person s principal occupation during the period, and the
name and principal business of the organization by which he was employed. 
 Robert Kinloch 
 Since July 5, 2001, Mr. Robert Kinloch has been the President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and sole member of the Board of
Directors of our company. In his capacity as Chief Financial Officer, Mr.
Kinloch is and has been responsible for the finance function of our company
including supervising the preparation of our financial statements and as the
sole member of our board of directors has served on our audit committee. Mr.
Kinloch s duties as President and Chief Executive Officer include the business
development function, investigating qualified investment opportunities and
designing and implementing the required due diligence and acquisition financing.
In addition Mr. Kinloch is responsible for our regulatory obligations as a
reporting issuer. From June 2002 until May 2005 Mr. Kinloch was the President
and sole member of the board of directors of AMT Canada Inc., a private company
registered under the laws of the Yukon Territory, Canada. From March 2004 until
April 2005, Mr. Kinloch was President and a member of the board of directors of
UCO Energy Corporation, a private company incorporated pursuant to the laws of
the State of Nevada. Mr. Kinloch is the brother of Donald Kinloch, our Secretary
and Treasurer. 
 Donald Kinloch 
 Since September 4, 2002, Mr. Donald Kinloch has been our
Secretary and Treasurer. Donald Kinloch is the brother of Robert Kinloch, our
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and sole member of
our board of directors. Since January 1998, Mr. Kinloch has been an independent
consultant conducting contractual due diligence, supplying market research and
developing communication strategies. From March 2004 until April 2005, Mr.
Kinloch was the Secretary and Treasurer of UCO Energy Corporation, a private
company incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada. 
 Term of Office 
 The directors serve until their successors are elected by the
shareholders. Vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled by appointment
of the majority of the continuing directors. The executive officers serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 Family Relationships 
 Robert Kinloch and Donald Kinloch are brothers. 
 Significant Employees 
 We have no significant employees other than the directors and
officers described above. 
 -30- 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 Our directors, executive officers and control persons have not
been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business
 of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
 the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that
 time; 

2. 
 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject
 to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
 minor offenses); 

3. 
 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
 jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or
 otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
 banking activities; or 

4. 
 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a
 civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
 or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or
 vacated. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Company s audit committee is composed of its directors and
officers, Robert Kinloch and Donald Kinloch. 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 Our board of directors has determined that it does not have an
audit committee member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We believe that the audit
committee members are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our
financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for
financial reporting. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent
director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be
overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the
early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated revenues
to date. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all of our directors,
officers, employees and consultants, which is a code of ethics as defined by
applicable rules of the SEC. Our Code of Ethics is attached as an exhibit to our
annual report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 24, 2008. If we make any amendments
to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other
non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers,
from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our chief executive officer, chief
financial officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the
nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies in
a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive
officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial
ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their
ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5
respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders
are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section
16(a) reports that they file. 
 Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received
by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe
that other than as disclosed below, all filing requirements applicable to our
officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied
with. 
 
 -31- 

Name 
 Number of Late Reports 
 Number of Transactions Not
 Reported on a Timely Basis 
 Failure to File Requested
 Forms 
 
 Robert Kinloch 
 6
 
 6
 
 6

Donald Kinloch 
 1
 
 1
 
 1

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The particulars of compensation paid to the following persons:

our principal executive officer; 
 
 each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving
 as executive officers at the end of the year ended December 31, 2009; and 
 
 up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been
 provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our
 executive officer at the end of the most recently completed financial year,
 
 who we will collectively refer to as the named executive
officers, for our years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, are set out in the
following summary compensation table: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION
 TABLE 
 
 Name and Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Option Awards 
 ) (1) 
 Non- Equity Incentive 
 Plan Compensa- tion ) 
 Change in Pension Value and 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Earnings ) 
 All Other 
 Compensa -tion ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert Kinloch President, Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 2009 2008 
 90,000 90,000 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 90,000 90,000 
 
 Donald Kinloch Secretary
 and Treasurer 
 2009 2008 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 29,577 Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 Nil Nil 
 29,577 
 Nil 

 (1) For a description of the methodology and assumptions used
in valuing the option awards granted to our officers and directors during the
year ended December 31, 2009, please review Note 8 to the financial statements
included herein. 
 Employment Contracts 
 Effective May 5, 2005, we entered into a management agreement
with Robert Kinloch wherein Mr. Kinloch would continue to perform the duties of
the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer at a salary
of 90,000 per annum for a term of two years. The term of the management
agreement expired in May, 2007. The Company has not renewed the management
agreement with Mr. Kinloch, however, Mr. Kinloch pursuant to a verbal agreement
with the Company, continues to receive a consulting fee of 7,500 per month for
all management consulting services provided by him to the Company . 
 There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension,
retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our
directors and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of
our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or
profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may
be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be
granted at the discretion of our board of directors from time to time. We have
no plans or arrangements in respect of remuneration received or that may be
received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of
termination of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of
control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 
 -32- 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table sets forth for each director certain
information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of December 31,
2009. 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of 
 Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Unearned Options (#) 
 
 Option 
 Exercise Price 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number 
 of Shares or Units of 
 Stock That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 
 Market 
 
 Value of Shares or Units of
 Stock That Have Not 
 Vested 
 ) 
 Equity 
 
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number 
 of Unearned Shares, 
 Units or Other Rights 
 That Have Not Vested 
 
 (#) 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Awards: Market or Payout 
 Value of Unearned Shares, Units
 or Other Rights That Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Robert Kinloch 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Donald Kinloch 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 0.40 
 12/31/12 
 Nil 
 - 
 Nil 
 Nil 

 Aggregated Options Exercised in the Year Ended December 31,
2009 and Year End Option Values 
 There were no stock options exercised during the year ended
December 31, 2009. 
 Repricing of Options/SARS 
 Other than by way of adjustment the effectiveness of our 10 for
1 reverse stock split in December 2009, we did not reprice any options
previously granted during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 Director Compensation 
 We reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection
with attending board meetings. We did not pay any other director s fees or other
compensation for services rendered as a director for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2009. 
 We have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their
service in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in
the future to receive stock options to purchase common shares as awarded by our
board of directors or (as to future stock options) a compensation committee
which may be established. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable
travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance
at meetings of our board of directors. Our board of directors may award special
remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf
other than services ordinarily required of a director. No director received
and/or accrued any compensation for their services as a director, including
committee participation and/or special assignments. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 As of April 14, 2010, there were 10,476,721 shares of our
common stock outstanding. The following table sets forth certain information
known to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of
that date by (i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our executive officers, and
(iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Except as set forth in the table below, there is no
person known to us who beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock. 
 -33- 

Name and Address 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage of Class 
 
 Title of Class 
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficially Owned (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Common Stock 
 Robert J. Kinloch 2501
 Lansdowne Ave. Saskatoon, SK Canada S7J 1H3 
 73,623 

Common Stock 
 Donald Kinloch 302-95
 Sidney St. Belleville, Ontario Canada K8P 1J6 
 102,500 (3) 
 
 1 

Common Stock 
 Directors and Officers as a
 group (two) 
 176,123 
 1.67 

Major Shareholders: 

Common Stock 
 Senergy Partners LLC 2245
 N. Green Valley Pkwy Suite 429 Henderson, NV 89014 
 8,950,000 
 85.4 
 
 Notes: Less than 1 

(1) 
 
 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security
 includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
 arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i)
 voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of
 shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or
 direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be
 beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share
 the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition,
 shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has
 the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option)
 within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In
 computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares
 outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned
 by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition
 rights. 

(2) 
 
 The percentage of class is based on 10,476,721 shares of
 common stock issued and outstanding as of April 14, 2010. 

(3) 
 
 Total consists of 2,500 shares of the Company
 beneficially owned by Mr. Donald Kinloch and 100,000 shares of the Company
 acquirable on exercise of options within 60 days of the date
 hereof. 
 Changes in Control 
 On February 13, 2009, the Company entered into a loan agreement
with Senergy, a private Nevada limited liability corporation, pursuant to which
the Company received a revolving loan of up to US 1,000,000 (the Credit
Facility ). The outstanding principal amount of the Credit Facility together
with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts outstanding
thereunder are due and payable in full on December 31, 2012, the maturity date.
Outstanding principal under the Credit Facility bears interest at an annual rate
of 8 . As a condition of the Credit Facility, the Company agreed to use funds
received under the Credit Facility solely for the purpose of funding ongoing
general and administrative expenses, consulting and due diligence expenses, or
professional fees and joint venture programs. 
 In consideration of Senergy entering into the Credit Facility,
Maverick agreed to enter into a debt settlement and subscription agreement (the
 Debt Settlement Agreement with Senergy dated as of February 13, 2009.
Pursuant to the terms of the Debt Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to
issue to Senergy 8,950,000 post-split shares of its common stock at a deemed
price of US 0.05 per share in settlement of a US 447,500 debt owed to Senergy. 
 -34- 

The shares were issued to Senergy pursuant to Rule 506 of
Regulation D on the basis that Senergy represented that they are an accredited
investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D. Senergy delivered
appropriate investment representations satisfactory to Maverick with respect to
this transaction and consented to the imposition of restrictive legends upon the
certificates evidencing such shares. 
 In connection with our entry into the Credit Facility and Debt
Settlement Agreement with Senergy, the Company entered into an Assignment and
Assumption Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with Senergy and Art
Brokerage, Inc. ABI pursuant to which ABI assigned to Senergy all its right,
title and interest to a debt (the Assigned Debt of US 447,500 owed by the
Company to ABI. The Company executed the Assignment Agreement solely to consent
to and acknowledge the assignment of the Assigned Debt as contemplated by the
agreement. 
 As a result of the above transactions a change in control of
the Company occurred. Senergy has acquired 8,950,000 post-split shares. There
are no arrangements or understandings among the Company and Senergy and/or its
affiliates with respect to election of directors or other matters. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Except as set out below, no director, executive officer,
principal shareholder holding at least 5 of our common shares, or any family
member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any
transaction, or proposed transaction, since the beginning of our company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, in which the amount involved in the
transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the
average of our total assets at the year end for the last three completed fiscal
years. 
 On February 13, 2009, the Company entered into a loan agreement
with Senergy Partners LLC Senergy ), a private Nevada limited liability
corporation, pursuant to which the Company received a revolving loan of up to
US 1,000,000 (the Credit Facility ). The outstanding principal amount of the
Credit Facility together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other
amounts outstanding thereunder are due and payable in full on December 31, 2012,
the maturity date. Outstanding principal under the Credit Facility bears
interest at an annual rate of 8 . As a condition of the Credit Facility, the
Company agreed to use funds received under the Credit Facility solely for the
purpose of funding ongoing general and administrative expenses, consulting and
due diligence expenses, professional fees and joint venture programs. As of the
date of this annual report we have 642,250 available under our Credit Facility
with Senergy. 
 In consideration of Senergy entering into the Credit Facility,
the Company agreed to enter into a debt settlement and subscription agreement
(the Debt Settlement Agreement with Senergy dated as of February 13, 2009.
Pursuant to the terms of the Debt Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to
issue to 8,950,000 post-split shares of its common stock at a deemed price of
US 0.05 per share in settlement of a US 447,500 debt owed to Senergy. In
connection with our entry into the Credit Facility and Debt Settlement Agreement
with Senergy, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement
(the Assignment Agreement with Senergy and Art Brokerage, Inc. ABI pursuant to which ABI assigned to Senergy all its right, title and interest to a
debt (the Assigned Debt of US 447,500 owed by the Company to ABI. The Company
executed the Assignment Agreement solely to consent to and acknowledge the
assignment of the Assigned Debt as contemplated by the agreement. As a result of
the above transactions a change in control of the Company has occurred. Senergy
has acquired 8,950,000 post-split shares. There are no arrangements or
understandings among the Company and Senergy and/or its affiliates with respect
to election of directors or other matters. 
 On May 5, 2005, we entered into a management agreement with our
chief executive officer, Robert Kinloch. The agreement was for a term of two
years with an annual fee of 90,000 and will expire, unless amended, on May 31,
2007. Effective May 5, 2005, we entered into a management agreement with Robert
Kinloch wherein Mr. Kinloch would continue to perform the duties of the
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The term of the
management agreement expired in May 2007. The Company has not renewed the
management agreement with Mr. Kinloch, however, Mr. Kinloch pursuant to a verbal
agreement with the Company, continues to receive a consulting fee of 7,500 per
month for all management consulting services provided by him to the
Company . 
 -35- 

On November 26, 2009, we entered into a subscription agreement
with Robert Kinloch pursuant to which Mr. Kinloch purchased one convertible
debenture (the Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 in
settlement of 100,000 of outstanding debt owed by the Company to Mr. Kinloch.
The Debenture is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 0.001 at a deemed conversion price per share of 0.30 for an aggregate
purchase price of 100,000. The Debenture is payable on demand, and bears
interest at the rate of 8 per annum, payable on the date of conversion of the
Debenture. Interest is calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and accrues
daily commencing on the date the Debenture is issued until payment in full of
the principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other
amounts which may become due have been made. 
 Director Independence 
 Our common stock is quoted on FINRA s Over-the-Counter Bulletin
Board, which does not have director independence requirements. Under NASDAQ rule
4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also
an executive officer or employee of the corporation. Mr. Robert Kinloch is our
chief executive officer and president and our sole director. As a result, we do
not have any independent directors. 
 As a result of our limited operating history and limited
resources, our management believes that we will have difficulty in attracting
independent directors. In addition, we would be likely be required to obtain
directors and officers insurance coverage in order to attract and retain
independent directors. Our management believes that the costs associated with
maintaining such insurance is prohibitive at this time. 
 Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors facilitates its exercise of independent
supervision over management by endorsing the guidelines for responsibilities of
the board as set out by regulatory authorities on corporate governance in the
United States. Our board s primary responsibilities are to supervise the
management of our company, to establish an appropriate corporate governance
system, and to set a tone of high professional and ethical standards. 
 The board is also responsible for: 
 
 selecting and assessing members of the Board;
 choosing, assessing and compensating the Chief Executive Officer of our
 company, approving the compensation of all executive officers and ensuring
 that an orderly management succession plan exists;
 reviewing and approving our company s strategic plan, operating plan,
 capital budget and financial goals, and reviewing its performance against
 those plans;
 adopting a code of conduct and a disclosure policy for our company, and
 monitoring performance against those policies;
 ensuring the integrity of our company s internal control and management
 information systems;
 approving any major changes to our company s capital structure, including
 significant investments or financing arrangements; and
 reviewing and approving any other issues which, in the view of the Board
 or management, may require Board scrutiny. 
 Orientation and Continuing Education 
 We have an informal process to orient and educate new recruits
to the board regarding their role of the board, our committees and our
directors, as well as the nature and operations of our business. This process
provides for an orientation with key members of the management staff, and
further provides access to materials necessary to inform them of the information
required to carry out their responsibilities as a board member. This information
includes the most recent board approved budget, the most recent annual report,
the audited financial statements and copies of the interim quarterly financial
statements. 
 The board does not provide continuing education for its
directors. Each director is responsible to maintain the skills and knowledge
necessary to meet his or her obligations as directors. 
 -36- 

Nomination of Directors 
 The board is responsible for identifying new director nominees.
In identifying candidates for membership on the board, the board takes into
account all factors it considers appropriate, which may include strength of
character, mature judgment, career specialization, relevant technical skills,
diversity and the extent to which the candidate would fill a present need on the
board. As part of the process, the board, together with management, is
responsible for conducting background searches, and is empowered to retain
search firms to assist in the nominations process. Once candidates have gone
through a screening process and met with a number of the existing directors,
they are formally put forward as nominees for approval by the board. 
 Assessments 
 The board intends that individual director assessments be
conducted by other directors, taking into account each director s contributions
at board meetings, service on committees, experience base, and their general
ability to contribute to one or more of our company s major needs. However, due
to our stage of development and our need to deal with other urgent priorities,
the board has not yet implemented such a process of assessment. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Audit fees 
 The aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed
fiscal periods ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 for professional
services rendered by BDO Canada LLP, Chartered Accountants, for the audit of our
annual consolidated financial statements, quarterly reviews of our interim
consolidated financial statements and services normally provided by the
independent accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2009 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2008 
 
 Audit Fees 
 50,400 
 90,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees
 
 -
 
 -

Tax Fees 
 4,100 
 15,250 
 
 All Other Fees 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 54,500 
 105,250 

 In the above table, audit fees are fees billed by our
company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our company s
annual financial statements for the subject year along with reviews of interim
quarterly financial statements. Audit-related fees are fees not included in
audit fees that are billed by the auditor for assurance and related services
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit review of our
company s financial statements. Tax fees are fees billed by the auditor for
professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
 All other fees are fees billed by the auditor for products and services not
included in the foregoing categories. 
 Policy on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee of Services
Performed by Independent Auditors 
 The board of directors pre-approves all services provided by
our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective
services were rendered. 
 The board of directors has considered the nature and amount of
fees billed by BDO Canada LLP and believes that the provision of services for
activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining BDO Canada
LLP. 
 -37- 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit 

Number 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles (incorporated by reference
 from our Form 10-Q Quarterly report, filed on August 14, 2009) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference from our Form 10SB
 Registration Statement, filed on August 8, 1999) 

3.3 
 
 Amended Bylaws (incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-KSB, filed on April 24, 2008) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference
 from our Form 10-SB Registration Statement, filed on August 8, 1999)

10.1 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
 reference from our Form S-8 Registration Statement, filed on September 12,
 2002) 

10.2 
 
 Mutual Release Agreement between Eskota Energy
 Corporation and Veneto Exploration, LLC and Assignment of Oil and Gas
 Leases dated July 6, 2006 (incorporated by reference from our Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006) 

10.3 
 
 Purchase Agreement between Maverick Minerals Corporation,
 UCO Energy Corporation and the shareholders of UCO Energy, dated April 21,
 2003 (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
 filed on May 19, 2004) 

10.4 
 
 Loan Agreement and Civil Action Covenant between Art
 Brokerage Inc., Eskota Energy Corporation and Maverick Minerals
 Corporation (incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form
 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006) 

10.5 
 
 Loan Agreement between Alonzo B. Leavell and Maverick
 Minerals Corporation dated July 20, 2005 (incorporated by reference from
 our Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006)

10.6 
 
 Loan Agreement between Alonzo B. Leavell and Maverick
 Minerals Corporation dated April 27, 2005 (incorporated by reference from
 our Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006)

10.7 
 
 Management Agreement dated as at March 5, 2003 between
 Maverick Minerals Corp. and Robert Kinloch (incorporated by reference from
 our Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006)

10.8 
 
 Management Agreement dated as at June 1, 2005 between
 Maverick Minerals Corp. and Robert Kinloch (incorporated by reference from
 our Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006)

10.9 
 
 Deed of Release dated November 31, 2008 with Pride of
 Aspen LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on December 3, 2008) 

10.10 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated February 10,
 2009 among Art Brokerage, Inc., Senergy Partners LLC and Maverick Minerals
 Corp. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 20, 2009) 

10.11 
 
 Loan Agreement dated as of February 13, 2009 between
 Maverick Minerals Corp. and Senergy Partners LLC (incorporated by
 reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 13, 2009)

10.12 
 
 Debt Settlement and Subscription Agreement dated as of
 February 13, 2009 between Maverick Minerals Corp. and Senergy Partners LLC
 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 February 20, 2009) 
 -38- 

Exhibit 

Number 
 Description 
 
 10.13 
 
 2009 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from
 our Form 10-Q Quarterly report, filed on August 14, 2009) 

10.14 
 
 Debt Settlement and Subscription Agreement dated as of
 September 24, 2009 between Maverick Minerals Corp. and The Art Brokerage
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Form 10-Q Quarterly report, filed
 on November 16, 2009) 

10.15 
 
 Farmout Agreement dated as of December 7, 2009 between
 Southeastern Pipe Line Company and Maverick Minerals Corporation
 (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K Current report, filed on
 December 18, 2009) 

10.16 
 
 Subscription Agreement between Maverick Minerals
 Corporation and Robert Kinloch dated November 26, 2009 (incorporated by
 reference from our Form 8-K Current report, filed on December 10, 2009) 

10.17 
 
 Convertible Debenture dated November 26, 2009
 (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K Current report, filed on
 December 10, 2009) 

10.17 
 
 Subscription Agreement and Convertible Debenture dated
 December 17, 2009 between Maverick Minerals Corporation and David Steiner. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference from our Annual
 Report on Form 10-KSB, filed on April 24, 2008) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant Section 906 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith. 
 -39- 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 

By 
 /s/
 Robert Kinloch 

Robert Kinloch 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal
 Accounting Officer 

and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2010 
 
 In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By 
 /s/
 Robert Kinloch 

Robert Kinloch 

Sole director, Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal
 Accounting Officer 

and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2010 
 
 -40- 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit21-1.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Maverick Minerals Corporation: Exhibit 21.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 MAVERICK MINERALS CORPORATION 
 LIST OF WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Incorporation 
 Jurisdiction 
 Percentage 
 Owned 
 
 Eskota Energy Corporation 
 Texas 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31-1.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Maverick Minerals Corporation: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert Kinloch, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Maverick Minerals
 Corporation. 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
 which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
 registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me
 by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
 this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financials
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
 such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
 is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of
 internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant 's auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
 the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
 to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant's internal controls over financial
reporting. 

April 14, 2010 

/s/ Robert
 Kinloch 

Robert Kinloch 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer

and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Maverick Minerals Corporation: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Kinloch, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of Maverick Minerals Corporation (the Company hereby certify pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(a) 
 
 the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the
 year ended December 31, 2009 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended; and 

(b) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert Kinloch 

Name: 
 Robert Kinloch 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal
 Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2010 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the
Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

