<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100210_10-K_edgar_data_812233_0001104659-10-006104.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7556278</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>507191</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6499585</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-10-006104.hdr.sgml : 20100210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100210163737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-10-006104
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OWENS-ILLINOIS GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812233
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GLASS CONTAINERS [3221]
		IRS NUMBER:				341559348
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-13061-01
		FILM NUMBER:		10588279

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O OWENS ILLINOIS INC
		STREET 2:		ONE MICHAEL OWENS WAY
		CITY:			PERRYSBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43551-2999
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5673365000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O OWENS ILLINOIS INC
		STREET 2:		ONE MICHAEL OWENS WAY
		CITY:			PERRYSBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43551-2999

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OWENS ILLINOIS GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 R2aXPTOs2gnRi+TeeEQnQbP2+TNnjF56R1gAWRbEvJbsjWyB3yQIz6g7Jnst0rmD
 s6Y3XHboVfyhj+nUK4rRyg==

 0001104659-10-006104.txt : 20100210

10-K
 1
 a09-35971_110k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D. C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

x 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 

or 

o 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 33-13061 

OWENS-ILLINOIS
GROUP, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

34-1559348 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(IRS Employer 

incorporation or organization) 

Identification No.) 

One
 Michael Owens Way, Perrysburg, Ohio 

43551 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (567)
336-5000 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate
Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes o No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer x 

Accelerated filer o 

Non-accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting company o 

(do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x 

The
number of shares of common stock, .01 par value of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc.
outstanding as of January 31, 2010 was 100. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of Owens-Illinois, Inc. Proxy
Statement for The Annual Meeting of Share Owners To Be Held Thursday, May 6,
2010 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III
hereof. 

The
registrant, along with most of its direct and indirect wholly-owned
subsidiaries, has guaranteed certain registered debt securities issued by one
of its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, Owens-Brockway Glass Container Inc.
(the issuer ). The consolidating
condensed financial statements of the registrant depicting separately the
registrant, the issuer, the guarantor subsidiaries and the non-guarantor
subsidiaries are presented in the notes to the registrant s consolidated
financial statements. 

The
registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions I (1)(a) and
(b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form with a
partially reduced disclosure format which omits the information otherwise
required by Item 4, 5, 10, 11, 12 and 13 as permitted under General
Instructions I (2)(c) of Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK
 FACTORS 

8 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS 

14 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

15 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

17 

PART II 

18 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL
 DATA 

18 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

21 

ITEM 7A. 

QUALITATIVE
 AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

37 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

40 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

98 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

98 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER
 INFORMATION 

101 

PART III 

101 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

101 

PART IV 

101 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

101 

SIGNATURES 

192 

EXHIBITS 

E-1 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General Development of Business 

Owens-Illinois, Inc.
(the Company ), through its subsidiaries, is the successor to a business
established in 1903. The Company is the
largest manufacturer of glass containers in the world, with leading positions
in Europe, North America, South America and Asia Pacific. 

Strategic Priorities and
Competitive Strengths 

The
Company is pursuing the following strategic priorities aimed at optimizing
shareholder return: 

Marketing Glass promote its value added
benefits and communicate its earth-friendly attributes 

Strategic Profitable Growth 
expand presence in growing markets and enter growing markets where we do not
have a presence 

Innovation Technology focus on
product innovation that adds value for customers and develop technology that
provides a sustainable advantage 

Operational Excellence continuous
productivity improvement, pricing strategy to improve margins, and disciplined
use of cash 

Beginning
in 2007, the Company commenced a strategic review of its global profitability
and manufacturing footprint. Since
undertaking this review, the Company has announced the curtailment of capacity
or closing of facilities involving 26 furnaces and approximately 3,250 job
eliminations. The Company has concluded
its current global review as of December 31, 2009, with the final actions
being implemented in the first half of 2010. 
The Company believes these actions, combined with its pricing
initiatives, will contribute to optimizing shareholder return. On an ongoing
basis, the Company will review its manufacturing operations, and it is possible
that it will close selected facilities or production lines in the future. 

Technology
Leader 

The Company believes it
is a technological leader in the worldwide glass container segment of the rigid
packaging market in which it competes. 
During the five years ended December 31, 2009, on a continuing
operations basis, the Company invested more than 1.7 billion in capital
expenditures (excluding acquisitions) and more than 290 million in research,
development and engineering to, among other things, improve labor and machine
productivity, increase capacity in growing markets and commercialize technology
into new products. 

Worldwide
Corporate Headquarters 

The principal executive
office of the Company is located at One Michael Owens Way, Perrysburg, Ohio
43551; the telephone number is (567) 336-5000. 
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Owens-Illinois, Inc. OI
Inc. ). The Company does not have a web
site; however, certain general information about the Company s operations is
available from OI Inc. s web site at www.o-i.com. The Company s annual report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available from the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov. Copies of the
Company s SEC filings may be obtained free of charge by writing to the Company,
Attention: Investor Relations. 

1 

Table of Contents 

Financial Information about
Reportable Segments 

Information as to sales,
earnings from continuing operations before interest income, interest expense,
and provision for income taxes and excluding amounts related to
certain items that management considers not representative of ongoing
operations Segment
Operating Profit ), and total assets by reportable segment is included in Note
17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Narrative Description of Business 

Below is a description of
the business and information to the extent material to understanding the
Company s business taken as a whole. 

The Company is the
largest manufacturer of glass containers in the world with 78 glass
manufacturing plants in 21 countries. 
The Company is the leading glass container manufacturer in 17 of the 21
countries where it competes in the glass container segment of the rigid
packaging market, including the U.S., and the sole manufacturer of glass
containers in 7 of these countries. 

Products
and Services 

The Company produces
glass containers for beer, ready-to-drink low alcohol refreshers, spirits,
wine, food, tea, juice and pharmaceuticals. 
The Company also produces glass containers for soft drinks and other
non-alcoholic beverages, principally outside the U.S. The Company manufactures these products in a
wide range of sizes, shapes and colors. The Company is active in new product
development and glass container innovation. 

Customers 

In most of the countries
where the Company competes, it has the leading position in the glass container
segment of the rigid packaging market based on sales revenue. The largest customers include many of the
leading manufacturers and marketers of glass packaged products in the
world. In the U.S., the majority of
customers for glass containers are brewers, wine vintners, distillers and food
producers. The Company also produces
glass containers for soft drinks and other non-alcoholic beverages, principally
outside the U.S. The largest U.S. glass
container customers include (in alphabetical order) Anheuser-Busch InBev, Brown
Forman, Diageo, H.J. Heinz, Miller/Coors, PepsiCo, and Saxco-Demptos, Inc. The largest glass container customers outside
the U.S. include (in alphabetical order) Anheuser-Busch InBev, Carlsberg,
Diageo, Foster s, Heineken, Lion Nathan, Molson/Coors, Pernod Ricard, and
SABMiller. The Company is a major glass
container supplier to all of these customers. 

The Company sells most of
its glass container products directly to customers under annual or multi-year
supply agreements. Multi-year contracts
typically provide for price adjustments based on cost changes. The Company also sells some of its products
through distributors. Glass container production is typically scheduled to
maintain reasonable levels of inventory. 

Markets
and Competitive Conditions 

The principal markets for
glass container products made by the Company are in Europe, North America,
South America, and Asia Pacific. The
Company believes it is a low-cost producer in the glass container segment of the
rigid packaging market in many of the countries in which it competes. Much of this cost advantage is due to
proprietary equipment and process technology used by the Company. The Company s machine development activities
and systematic upgrading of production equipment, begun in the 1990 s and early
2000 s, support its low-cost leadership position in the glass container segment
in many of the countries in which it competes, a key strength to competing
successfully in the rigid packaging market. 

2 

Table of Contents 

The Company has the
leading share of the glass container segment of the U.S. rigid packaging market
based on sales revenue by domestic producers in the U.S. The principal glass container competitors in
the U.S. are Saint-Gobain Containers, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain, and Anchor Glass Container Corporation. In addition, imports from Mexico and other
countries compete in U.S. glass container segments. Additionally, a few major consumer packaged
goods companies self-manufacture glass containers. 

In supplying glass
containers outside of the U.S., the Company competes directly with Compagnie de
Saint-Gobain in Europe and Brazil, Ardagh plc in the U.K., Germany, and Poland,
Vetropak in the Czech Republic and Amcor Limited in Australia. In other locations in Europe, the Company
competes indirectly with a variety of glass container firms including Compagnie
de Saint-Gobain, Vetropak and Ardagh plc. 
Except as mentioned above, the Company does not compete with any large,
multi-national glass container manufacturers in South America or the Asia
Pacific region. 

In addition to competing
with other large, well-established manufacturers in the glass container
segment, the Company competes with manufacturers of other forms of rigid
packaging, principally aluminum cans and plastic containers, on the basis of
quality, price, service and the marketing attributes of the container. The principal competitors producing metal
containers are Amcor, Ball Corporation, Crown Holdings, Inc., Rexam plc,
and Silgan Holdings Inc. The principal
competitors producing plastic containers are Consolidated Container Holdings,
LLC, Graham Packaging Company, Plastipak Packaging, Inc. and Silgan
Holdings Inc. The Company also competes
with manufacturers of non-rigid packaging alternatives, including flexible
pouches and aseptic cartons. 

The Company s unit
shipments of glass containers in countries outside of the U.S. have grown
substantially from levels in earlier years. 
The Company has added to its international operations by acquiring glass
container companies, many of which have leading positions in growing or
established markets, increasing capacity at select foreign subsidiaries, and
having a global network of glass container companies that license its
technology. In many developing
countries, the Company s international glass operations have benefited in the
last ten years from increased consumer spending power, a trend toward the
privatization of industry, a favorable climate for foreign investment, lowering
of trade barriers and global expansion programs by multi-national consumer
companies. 

Europe. 
The Company s European glass container business, headquartered in
Switzerland, has consolidated manufacturing operations in 10 countries and is
the largest in Europe. The Company is a
leading producer of wine and champagne bottles in France. In Italy, the Company is the leading
manufacturer of glass containers. In The
Netherlands, the Company is one of the leading producers of glass beer
containers. The Company is a leading
manufacturer of glass containers for the spirits business in the U.K. and
Germany. In Spain, the Company serves
the market for olives in the Sevilla area and the market for wine bottles in
Barcelona and southern France. In
Poland, the Company is the leading glass container manufacturer and operates
two plants. The Company is the leading
glass container manufacturer in the Czech Republic. In Hungary, the Company is the sole glass
container manufacturer and serves the Hungarian food industry. In the Baltic country of Estonia, the Company
is the only manufacturer of glass containers. 
The Company coordinates production activities in Estonia in order to
efficiently serve the Finnish, Baltic and Russian markets. In recent years,
Western European brewers have been establishing beer production facilities in
Central Europe and the Russian Republic. 
Because these new beer plants use high-speed filling lines, they require
high quality glass containers in order to operate properly. The Company
believes it is well positioned to support this demand. 

North
America. In addition to the glass container operations
in the U.S., the Company s subsidiary in Canada is the sole manufacturer of
glass containers in that country. 

3 

Table of Contents 

South
America. The
Company is the sole manufacturer of glass containers in Colombia, Ecuador and
Peru. In both Brazil and Venezuela, the
Company is the leading manufacturer of glass containers. In South America, the Company maintains a
diversified portfolio serving several markets, such as beer, non-alcoholic
beverages, spirits, ready-to-drink, wine, food, and pharmaceutical. In South America there is a large
infrastructure for returnable/refillable glass containers. However, over the last several years, unit
sales of non-returnable glass containers increased across countries in which
the Company operates. 

Asia Pacific. The Company has
glass operations in four countries in the Asia Pacific region: Australia, New
Zealand, Indonesia and China. In this region, the Company is the leading
manufacturer of glass containers in most of the countries in which it
competes. In Australia, the Company s
subsidiary operates four glass container plants including a plant focused on
serving the needs of the growing Australian wine industry. In New Zealand, the Company is the sole glass
container manufacturer. In Indonesia,
the Company supplies the Indonesian market and exports glass containers to a
number of countries. In China, the glass
container segments of the packaging market are regional and highly fragmented
with a number of local competitors. The
Company has four glass container plants and a mold shop in China, manufacturing
containers to serve a wide range of customers both domestically and abroad. 

The Company continues to focus on serving the needs of
leading multi-national consumer companies as they pursue international growth
opportunities. The Company believes that
it is often the glass container partner of choice for such multi-national consumer
companies due to its leadership in glass technology and its status as a high
quality producer in most of the markets it serves. 

Manufacturing 

The Company believes it
is a low-cost producer in the North American rigid packaging market, as well as
a low-cost producer in many of the international glass segments in which it
competes. Much of this cost advantage is
due to the Company s proprietary equipment and process technology. The Company believes its proprietary high
volume glass forming machines, developed and refined by its engineering group,
are significantly more efficient and productive than those used by
competitors. The Company s machine
development activities and systematic upgrading of production equipment have
given it a low-cost leadership position in the glass container segment in most
of the countries in which it competes, a key strength to competing successfully
in the rigid packaging market. 

The Company operates
several machine shops that assemble and repair high-productivity glass-forming
machines as well as mold shops that manufacture molds and related
equipment. The Company also provides
engineering support for its glass manufacturing operations through facilities
located in the U.S., Australia, Poland and Peru. 

Methods of Distribution 

Due to the significance
of transportation costs and the importance of timely delivery, glass container
manufacturing facilities are generally located close to customers. In the U.S., most of the Company s glass
container products are shipped by common carrier to customers within a 250-mile
radius of a given production site. In
addition, the Company s glass container operations outside the U.S. export some
products to customers beyond their national boundaries, which may include
transportation by rail and ocean delivery in combination with common carriers. 

Suppliers
and Raw Materials 

The primary raw materials
used in the Company s glass container operations are sand, soda ash, limestone
and recycled glass. Each of these
materials, as well as the other raw materials used to manufacture glass
containers, has historically been available in adequate supply from multiple
sources. One of the sources is a soda
ash mining operation in Wyoming in which the Company has a 25 interest. 

4 

Table of Contents 

For certain raw
materials, however, there may be temporary shortages due to weather or other
factors, including disruptions in supply caused by raw material transportation
or production delays. 

Energy 

The Company s glass
container operations require a continuous supply of significant amounts of
energy, principally natural gas, fuel oil, and electrical power. Adequate supplies of energy are generally
available to the Company at all of its manufacturing locations. Energy costs typically account for 15-25 of
the Company s total manufacturing costs, depending on the cost of energy, the
factory location, and its particular energy requirements. The percentage of total cost related to
energy can vary significantly because of volatility in market prices,
particularly for natural gas and fuel oil in volatile markets such as North
America and Europe. In order to limit
the effects of fluctuations in market prices for natural gas, the Company uses
commodity futures contracts related to its forecasted requirements in North
America. The objective of these futures
contracts is to reduce the potential volatility in cash flows and expense due to
changing market prices. The Company continually
evaluates the energy markets with respect to its forecasted energy requirements
in order to optimize its use of commodity futures contracts. If energy costs increase substantially in the
future, the Company could experience a corresponding increase in operating
costs, which may not be fully recoverable through increased selling prices. 

Glass
Recycling 

The Company is an
important contributor to the recycling effort in the U.S. and abroad and
continues to melt substantial recycled glass tonnage in its glass furnaces. The
Company is the largest user of recycled glass containers. If sufficient high-quality recycled glass
were available on a consistent basis, the Company has the technology to operate
using up to 90 recycled glass. Using
recycled glass in the manufacturing process reduces energy costs and prolongs
the operating life of the glass melting furnaces. 

Technical Assistance License Agreements 

The Company has
agreements to license its proprietary glass container technology and provide technical
assistance to 19 companies in 19 countries. 
These agreements cover areas related to manufacturing and engineering
assistance. The worldwide licensee
network provides a stream of revenue to help support the Company s development
activities and gives it the opportunity to participate in the rigid packaging
market in countries where it does not already have a direct presence. In addition, the Company s technical
agreements enable it to apply best practices developed by its worldwide
licensee network. In the years 2009,
2008 and 2007, the Company earned 12.9 million, 18.6 million and
 19.7 million, respectively, in royalties and net technical assistance revenue
on a continuing operations basis. 

Research and Development 

The Company believes it is
a technological leader in the worldwide glass container segment of the rigid
packaging market. Research, development,
and engineering constitute important parts of the Company s technical
activities. On a continuing operations
basis, research, development, and engineering expenditures were
 58.8 million, 66.6 million, and 65.8 million for 2009, 2008,
and 2007, respectively. The Company s
research, development and engineering activities include new products,
manufacturing process control, automatic inspection and further automation of
manufacturing activities. The Company s
research and development activities are conducted at its corporate facilities
in Perrysburg, Ohio. 

Environmental and Other
Governmental Regulation 

The
Company s worldwide operations, in common with those of the industry generally,
are subject to extensive laws, ordinances, regulations and other legal
requirements relating to environmental protection, 

5 

Table of
Contents 

including
legal requirements governing investigation and clean-up of contaminated
properties as well as water discharges, air emissions, waste management and
workplace health and safety. 

Recycling and Bottle Deposits 

In the U.S., Canada, Europe
and elsewhere, a number of government authorities have adopted or are
considering legal requirements that would mandate certain rates of recycling,
the use of recycled materials, or limitations on or preferences for certain
types of packaging. The Company believes
that governments worldwide will continue to develop and enact legal
requirements seeking to, or having the effect of, guiding customer and
end-consumer packaging choices. 

In North America, sales of
beverage containers are affected by governmental regulation of packaging,
including deposit return laws. As of December 31,
2009, there were 11 U.S. states with bottle deposit laws in effect, requiring
consumer deposits of between 5 and 15 cents (USD), depending on the size of the
container. In Canada, there are 10 provinces and 2 territories with consumer
deposits between 5 and 25 cents (Canadian), depending on the size of the
container. In Europe a number of countries have some form of consumer deposit
law in effect, including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Germany, The
Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland. The structure and enforcement of
such laws and regulations can impact the sales of beverage containers in a
given jurisdiction. Such laws and regulations also impact the availability of
post-consumer recycled glass for the Company to use in container production. 

A
number of U.S. states and Canadian provinces have recently considered or are
now considering laws and regulations to encourage curbside, deposit return, and
on-premise recycling. Although there is
no clear trend in the direction of these state and provincial laws and
regulations, the Company believes that U.S. states and Canadian provinces, as
well as municipalities within those jurisdictions, will continue to adopt
recycling laws which will affect supplies of post-consumer recycled glass. As a large user of post-consumer recycled
glass for bottle-to-bottle production, the Company has an interest in laws and
regulations impacting supplies of such material in its markets. 

Air Emissions 

The
European Union Emissions Trading Scheme EUETS commenced January 1,
2005. The EU has committed to Kyoto
Protocol emissions reduction targets and the EUETS is intended to facilitate such
reduction. The Company s manufacturing
installations which operate in EU countries must restrict the volume of their
CO2 emissions to the level of their individually allocated Emissions Allowances
as set by country regulators. If the
actual level of emissions for any installation exceeds its allocated allowance,
additional allowances can be bought on the market to cover deficits;
conversely, if the actual level of emissions for such installation is less than
its allocation, the excess allowances can be sold on the same market. The EUETS has not had a material effect on
the Company s results to date, however, should the regulators significantly
restrict the number of Emissions Allowances available, it could have a material
effect in the future. 

In
North America, the U.S. and Canada are engaged in significant legislative and
regulatory activity relating to CO2 emissions, both at the federal and the
state and provincial levels of government. 
There are numerous proposals pending before the U.S. Congress which
would create a cap-and-trade emissions trading scheme for CO2, but no
legislation has been adopted into law. 
Other proposals would adopt a national carbon tax or would create
restrictions on CO2 emissions without utilizing a cap-and-trade system. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has
recently commenced a regulatory process for CO2, but no specific scheme
affecting manufacturing facilities has been detailed. 

In
Asia Pacific, Australia s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol came into effect
in March 2008. In July 2008, the Australian Federal Government issued
the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme CPRS 

6 

Table of Contents 

Green
Paper aimed to help reduce the country s carbon emissions. The CPRS recommends
an emissions trading scheme ETS be established in Australia in 2010,
however the framework has yet be agreed by federal parliament. In New Zealand,
parliament passed ETS legislation in September 2008, which included a
cap-and-trade system that was to be in effect by 2010. However, a change of government in New
Zealand in November 2008 saw the legislation put on hold for further
review. Also in Australia, the National
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 commenced on July 1,
2008. The Act establishes a mandatory reporting system for corporate greenhouse
gas emissions and energy production and consumption. Key features of the Act
include the following: (1) reporting of greenhouse gas emissions, energy
consumption and production by large corporations, subject to independent audit;
(2) public disclosure of corporate level greenhouse gas emissions and energy
information; and (3) consistent and comparable data available for
government, in particular, the development and administration of the CPRS. 

The Company is unable to
predict what environmental legal requirements may be adopted in the
future. However, the Company continually
monitors its operations in relation to environmental impacts and invests in
environmentally friendly and emissions-reducing projects. As such, t he Company has made significant expenditures for
environmental improvements at certain of its factories over the last several
years; however, these expenditures did not have a material adverse affect on
the Company s results of operations or cash flows. The Company is unable to predict the impact
of future environmental legal requirements. However, based on existing
regulations, the Company does not expect the associated annual compliance costs
to have a material impact on its results of operations or cash flows. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

The Company has a large
number of patents which relate to a wide variety of products and processes, has
a substantial number of patent applications pending, and is licensed under
several patents of others. While in the
aggregate the Company s patents are of material importance to its businesses,
the Company does not consider that any patent or group of patents relating to a
particular product or process is of material importance when judged from the
standpoint of any segment or its businesses as a whole. The Company has a
number of intellectual property rights, comprised of both patented and
proprietary technology, that the Company believes makes its glass forming
machines more efficient and productive than those used by its competitors. In addition, the efficiency of the Company s
glass forming machines is enhanced by the Company s overall approach to cost
efficient manufacturing technology, which extends from the raw materials batch
house to the finished goods warehouse. 
This technology is proprietary to the Company through a combination of
issued patents, pending applications, copyrights, trade secrets and proprietary
know-how. 

Upstream of the glass
forming machines, there is technology to deliver molten glass to the forming
machine at high rates of flow and fully conditioned to be homogeneous in
consistency, viscosity and temperature for efficient forming into glass
containers. The Company has proprietary
know-how in (a) the batch house, where raw materials are stored, measured
and mixed, (b) the furnace control system and furnace combustion, and (c) the
forehearth and feeding system to deliver such homogeneous glass to the forming
machines. 

In the Company s glass
container manufacturing processes, computer controls and electro-mechanical
mechanisms are commonly used for a wide variety of applications in the forming
machines and auxiliary processes. Various patents held by the Company are
directed to the electro-mechanical mechanisms and related technologies used to
control sections of the machines. 
Additional U.S. patents held by the Company and various pending applications
are directed to the technology used by the Company for the systems that control
the operation of the forming machines and many of the component mechanisms that
are embodied in the machine systems. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Downstream of the glass
forming machines, there is patented and unpatented technology for ware
handling, annealing, coating and inspection, which further enhances the overall
efficiency of the manufacturing process. 

While the above patents
and intellectual property rights are representative of the technology used in
the Company s glass manufacturing operations, there are numerous other pending
patent applications, trade secrets and other proprietary know-how and
technology, as supplemented by administrative and operational best practices,
which contribute to the Company s competitive advantage. As noted above, however, the Company does not
consider that any patent or group of patents relating to a particular product
or process is of material importance when judged from the standpoint of any
segment or its businesses as a whole. 

Seasonality 

Sales of particular glass
container products such as beer are seasonal. 
Shipments in the U.S. and Europe are typically greater in the second and
third quarters of the year, while shipments in the Asia Pacific region are
typically greater in the first and fourth quarters of the year, and shipments
in South America are typically greater in the third and fourth quarters of the
year. 

Employees 

The Company s worldwide
operations employed approximately 22,000 persons as of December 31,
2009. Approximately 78 of North
American employees are hourly workers covered by collective bargaining
agreements. The principal collective
bargaining agreement, which at December 31, 2009, covered approximately
81 of the Company s union-affiliated employees in North America, will expire
on March 31, 2011. Approximately 54 of employees in South America are
unionized, although according to the labor legislation in each country, 100 of
employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The average length
of these agreements is approximately 2-3 years. 
In addition, a large number of the Company s employees are employed in
countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other rights
to employees than the laws of the U.S. 
Such employment rights require the Company to work collaboratively with
the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor
arrangements. The Company considers its employee relations to be good and does
not anticipate any material work stoppages in the near term. 

Financial
Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations 

Information as to net
sales, Segment Operating Profit, and assets of the Company s reportable
segments is included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Substantial
Leverage The Company s substantial indebtedness could adversely affect the
Company s financial health. 

The Company has a
significant amount of debt. As of December 31,
2009, the Company had approximately 3.6 billion of total debt outstanding,
increased from 3.3 billion at December 31, 2008. The Company s ratios of earnings to fixed
charges were 3.1x and 4.1x for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

The Company s substantial
indebtedness could result in the following consequences: 

 Increased vulnerability to general
adverse economic and industry conditions; 

 Increased vulnerability to interest rate
increases for the portion of the debt under the secured credit agreement; 

8 

Table of Contents 

Require the Company to dedicate a
substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness,
thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, acquisitions, development efforts and other general corporate
purposes; 

 Limited flexibility in planning for, or
reacting to, changes in the Company s business and the rigid packaging market; 

 Place the Company at a competitive
disadvantage relative to its competitors that have less debt; and 

 Limit, along with the financial and other
restrictive covenants in the documents governing indebtedness, among other
things, the Company s ability to borrow additional funds. 

Ability to Service Debt To
service its indebtedness, the Company will require a significant amount of
cash. The Company s ability to generate
cash depends on many factors beyond its control. 

The
Company s ability to make payments on and to refinance its indebtedness and to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development efforts
and other general corporate purposes depends on its ability to generate cash in
the future. The Company has no assurance
that it will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future
borrowings will be available under the secured credit agreement, in an amount
sufficient to enable the Company to pay its indebtedness, or to fund other
liquidity needs. If short term interest rates increase, the Company s debt
service cost will increase because some of its debt is subject to short term
variable interest rates. At December 31, 2009, the Company s debt subject
to variable interest rates represented approximately 31 of total debt. 

The
Company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before
maturity. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow and is
unable to refinance or extend outstanding borrowings on commercially reasonable
terms or at all, it may have to take one or more of the following actions: 

 Reduce or delay capital expenditures planned
for replacements, improvements and expansions; 

 Sell assets; 

 Restructure debt; and/or 

 Obtain additional debt or equity financing. 

The Company can provide no assurance that it could effect or implement
any of these alternatives on satisfactory terms, if at all. 

Debt Restrictions The
Company may not be able to finance future needs or adapt its business plans to
changes because of restrictions placed on it by the secured credit agreement
and the indentures and instruments governing other indebtedness. 

The
secured credit agreement, the indentures governing the senior debentures and
notes, and certain of the agreements governing other indebtedness contain
affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company to
take certain actions. For example, these indentures restrict, among other
things, the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to borrow
money, pay dividends on, or redeem or repurchase its stock, make investments,
create liens, enter into certain transactions with affiliates and sell certain
assets or merge with or into other companies. These restrictions could
adversely affect the Company s ability to operate its businesses and may limit
its ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they
arise. 

Failure
to comply with these or other covenants and restrictions contained in the
secured credit agreement, the indentures or agreements governing other
indebtedness could result in a default under those agreements, and the debt
under those agreements, together with accrued interest, could then be declared
immediately due and payable. If a default occurs under the secured credit
agreement, the Company could no longer request borrowings under the agreement,
and the lenders could cause all of the 

9 

Table of Contents 

outstanding
debt obligations under such secured credit agreement to become due and payable,
which would result in a default under a number of other outstanding debt
securities and could lead to an acceleration of obligations related to these
debt securities. A default under the secured credit agreement, indentures or
agreements governing other indebtedness could also lead to an acceleration of
debt under other debt instruments that contain cross acceleration or
cross-default provisions . 

Cash Used to Satisfy Other
Obligations A portion of the Company s cash flow will be used to make payments
to OI Inc. to satisfy certain debt and litigation-related obligations,
including settlement of asbestos-related claims. 

Although
OI Inc. does not conduct any operations, it has substantial obligations to
make payments on its outstanding public debt securities and to satisfy claims
of persons for exposure to asbestos-containing products and related expenses
and to pay other ordinary-course obligations. OI Inc. relies primarily on
distributions from its subsidiaries, including the Company, to meet these obligations.
OI Inc. makes semi-annual interest payments of 10.8 million on its
outstanding public debt securities. OI Inc. s asbestos-related payments
were 190.3 million, 210.2 million, and 347.1 million for the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. In the fourth
quarter of 2009, OI Inc. recorded a charge of 180.0 million (in
addition to previously recorded charges of 3.47 billion) to cover its
estimated indemnity payments and legal fees arising from outstanding asbestos
personal injury lawsuits and claims and asbestos personal injury lawsuits and
claims expected to be filed in the next several years. 

As
a result of the magnitude of OI Inc. s obligations for asbestos-related
lawsuits and its dependence on the cash flows of its subsidiaries, the Company
expects that a substantial portion of its cash flow will be used to make
payments to OI Inc. to enable it to satisfy these obligations. These
payments will reduce the cash flow available to the Company for other purposes.
For additional information regarding OI Inc. s asbestos-related lawsuits,
claims and payments, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

International Operations The Company is subject to risks
associated with operating in foreign countries. 

The Company operates
manufacturing and other facilities throughout the world. Net sales from international operations
totaled approximately 5.2 billion, representing approximately 73 of the
Company s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2009. As a result of its international operations,
the Company is subject to risks associated with operating in foreign countries,
including: 

 Political, social and economic
instability; 

 War, civil disturbance or acts of
terrorism; 

 Taking of property by nationalization or
expropriation without fair compensation; 

 Changes in government policies and
regulations; 

 Devaluations and fluctuations in currency
exchange rates; 

 Imposition of limitations on conversions
of foreign currencies into dollars or remittance of dividends and other
payments by foreign subsidiaries; 

 Imposition or increase of withholding and
other taxes on remittances and other payments by foreign subsidiaries; 

 Hyperinflation in certain foreign
countries; and 

 Impositions or increase of investment and
other restrictions or requirements by foreign governments. 

The risks associated with
operating in foreign countries may have a material adverse effect on
operations. 

10 

Table of Contents 

Competition
 The Company faces intense competition from other glass container producers,
as well as from makers of alternative forms of packaging. Competitive pressures could adversely affect
the Company s financial health. 

The Company is subject to
significant competition from other glass container producers, as well as from
makers of alternative forms of packaging, such as aluminum cans and plastic
containers. The Company competes with
each rigid packaging competitor on the basis of price, quality, service and the
marketing attributes of the container. 
Advantages or disadvantages in any of these competitive factors may be
sufficient to cause the customer to consider changing suppliers and/or using an
alternative form of packaging. The
adverse effects of consumer purchasing decisions may be more significant in
periods of economic downturn and may lead to longer term reductions in consumer
spending on glass packaged products. The
Company also competes with manufacturers of non-rigid packaging alternatives,
including flexible pouches and aseptic cartons, in serving the packaging needs
of certain end-use markets, including juice customers. 

Pressures from
competitors and producers of alternative forms of packaging have resulted in
excess capacity in certain countries in the past and have led to capacity
adjustments and significant pricing pressures in the rigid packaging market. 

High
Energy Costs Higher energy costs worldwide and interrupted power supplies may
have a material adverse effect on operations. 

Electrical power, natural
gas, and fuel oil are vital to the Company s operations as it relies on a
continuous power supply to conduct its business. Depending on the location and mix of energy
sources, energy accounts for 15 to 25 of total production costs. Substantial increases and volatility in
energy costs could cause the Company to experience a significant increase in
operating costs, which may have a material adverse effect on operations. 

Economic
Environment - The Company may be adversely affected by the current economic
environment. 

As a result of
severely weak credit market conditions (including uncertainties with respect to
financial institutions, and severely diminished liquidity and credit
availability), volatility in energy costs and other macro-economic challenges
currently affecting many of the economies in which the Company operates,
customers or vendors may experience serious cash flow problems and as a result,
may modify, delay, or curtail plans to purchase the Company s products and
vendors may significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their
output. Additionally, if customers are
not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing
financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts
receivable that are owed to the Company. 
Any inability of current and/or potential customers to pay the Company
for its products may adversely affect the Company s earnings and cash
flow. If the economic conditions in the
Company s key markets deteriorate further, the Company may experience material
adverse impacts to its business and operating results. 

Business
Integration Risks The Company may not be able to effectively integrate
additional businesses it acquires in the future. 

The Company may consider
strategic transactions, including acquisitions that will complement, strengthen
and enhance growth in its worldwide glass operations. The Company evaluates opportunities on a
preliminary basis from time to time, but these transactions may not advance
beyond the preliminary stages or be completed. 
Such acquisitions are subject to various risks and uncertainties,
including: 

 The inability to integrate effectively
the operations, products, technologies and personnel of the acquired companies
(some of which are located in diverse geographic regions) and achieve expected
synergies; 

 The potential disruption of existing
business and diversion of management s attention from day-to-day operations; 

11 

Table of Contents 

The inability to maintain uniform standards,
controls, procedures and policies; 

 The need or obligation to divest portions
of the acquired companies; and 

 The potential impairment of relationships
with customers. 

In addition, the Company
cannot make assurances that the integration and consolidation of newly acquired
businesses will achieve any anticipated cost savings and operating synergies. 

Customer
Consolidation The continuing consolidation of the Company s customer base may
intensify pricing pressures and have a material adverse effect on operations. 

Beginning in the early
1990s, many of the Company s largest customers have acquired companies with
similar or complementary product lines. 
This consolidation has increased the concentration of the Company s
business with its largest customers. In
many cases, such consolidation has been accompanied by pressure from customers
for lower prices, reflecting the increase in the total volume of products
purchased or the elimination of a price differential between the acquiring
customer and the company acquired. 
Increased pricing pressures from the Company s customers may have a
material adverse effect on operations. 

Seasonality
and Raw Materials Profitability could be affected by varied seasonal demands
and the availability of raw materials. 

Due principally to the
seasonal nature of the consumption of beer and other beverages, for which
demand is stronger during the summer months, sales of the Company s products
have varied and are expected to vary by quarter. Shipments in the U.S. and Europe are
typically greater in the second and third quarters of the year, while shipments
in the Asia Pacific region are typically greater in the first and fourth
quarters of the year, and shipments in South America are typically greater in
the third and fourth quarters of the year. 
Unseasonably cool weather during peak demand periods can reduce demand
for certain beverages packaged in the Company s containers. 

The raw materials that
the Company uses have historically been available in adequate supply from multiple
sources. For certain raw materials,
however, there may be temporary shortages due to weather or other factors,
including disruptions in supply caused by raw material transportation or
production delays. These shortages, as
well as material volatility in the cost of any of the principal raw materials
that the Company uses, may have a material adverse effect on operations. 

Environmental
Risks The Company is subject to various environmental legal requirements and
may be subject to new legal requirements in the future. These requirements may have a material
adverse effect on operations. 

The Company s operations
and properties, both in the U.S. and abroad, are subject to extensive laws,
ordinances, regulations and other legal requirements relating to environmental
protection, including legal requirements governing investigation and clean-up
of contaminated properties as well as water discharges, air emissions, waste
management and workplace health and safety. 
Such legal requirements frequently change and vary among
jurisdictions. The Company s operations
and properties, both in the U.S. and abroad, must comply with these legal
requirements. These requirements may
have a material adverse effect on operations. 

The Company has incurred,
and expects to incur, costs for its operations to comply with environmental
legal requirements, and these costs could increase in the future. Many environmental legal requirements provide
for substantial fines, orders (including orders to cease operations), and criminal
sanctions for violations. These legal
requirements may apply to conditions at properties that the Company presently
or formerly owned or operated, as well as at other properties for which the
Company may be responsible, including those at which wastes attributable to the
Company were disposed. A significant
order or 

12 

Table of Contents 

judgment against the
Company, the loss of a significant permit or license or the imposition of a
significant fine may have a material adverse effect on operations. 

A number of governmental
authorities both in the U.S. and abroad have enacted, or are considering, legal
requirements that would mandate certain rates of recycling, the use of recycled
materials and/or limitations on certain kinds of packaging materials. In addition, some companies with packaging
needs have responded to such developments and/or perceived environmental
concerns of consumers by using containers made in whole or in part of recycled
materials. Such developments may reduce
the demand for some of the Company s products and/or increase the Company s
costs, which may have a material adverse effect on operations. 

Labor
Relations Some of the Company s employees are unionized or represented by
workers councils. 

The Company is party to a
number of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions which at December 31,
2009, covered approximately 78 of the Company s employees in North America.
Approximately 54 of employees in South America are unionized, although
according to the labor legislation of each country, 100 of employees are
covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
The agreement covering substantially all of the Company s
union-affiliated employees in its U.S. glass container operations expires on March 31,
2011. Agreements in South America
typically have an average term of approximately 2-3 years. Upon the expiration of any collective
bargaining agreement, if the Company is unable to negotiate acceptable
contracts with labor unions, it could result in strikes by the affected workers
and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to
union members. In addition, a large number of the Company s employees are
employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or
other rights to employees than the laws of the U.S. Such employment rights require the Company to
work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect
any changes to labor arrangements. For
example, most of the Company s employees in Europe are represented by workers 
councils that must approve any changes in conditions of employment, including
salaries and benefits and staff changes, and may impede efforts to restructure
the Company s workforce. Although the
Company believes that it has a good working relationship with its employees, if
the Company s employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, the
Company could experience a significant disruption of operations and/or higher
ongoing labor costs, which may have a material adverse effect on operations. 

Accounting
 The Company s financial results are based upon estimates and assumptions that
may differ from actual results. 

In preparing the
Company s consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles, several estimates and assumptions are made that
affect the accounting for and recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. These estimates and
assumptions must be made because certain information that is used in the
preparation of the Company s financial statements is dependent on future
events, cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from data available
or is not capable of being readily calculated based on generally accepted
methodologies. In some cases, these
estimates are particularly difficult to determine and the Company must exercise
significant judgment. The Company
believes that accounting for long-lived assets, pension benefit plans,
contingencies and litigation, and income taxes involves the more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial
statements. Actual results for all
estimates could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that the
Company uses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

Table of
Contents 

Accounting Standards The adoption of new accounting
standards or interpretations could adversely impact the Company s financial
results. 

The
Company s implementation of and compliance with changes in accounting rules and
interpretations could adversely affect its operating results or cause
unanticipated fluctuations in its results in future periods. The accounting rules and regulations
that the Company must comply with are complex and continually changing. Recent actions and public comments from the
SEC have focused on the integrity of financial reporting generally. The Financial Accounting Standards Board has
recently introduced several new or proposed accounting standards, or is
developing new proposed standards, which would represent a significant change
from current industry practices. In
addition, many companies accounting policies are being subjected to heightened
scrutiny by regulators and the public. 
While the Company believes that its financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the
Company cannot predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or
its accounting policies on its financial statements going forward. 

Goodwill
 A significant write down of goodwill would have a material adverse effect on
the Company s reported results of operations and net worth. 

Goodwill
at December 31, 2009 totaled 2,381.0 million. The Company evaluates goodwill annually (or
more frequently if impairment indicators arise) for impairment using the
required business valuation methods. 
These methods include the use of a weighted average cost of capital to
calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows of the Company s
reporting units. Future changes in the
cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other factors may cause the Company s
goodwill to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against results of
operations to write down goodwill for the amount of the impairment. If a significant write down is required, the
charge would have a material adverse effect on the Company s reported results
of operations and net worth. 

Pension
Funding Declines in the fair value of the assets of the pension plans
sponsored by the Company could require increased funding. 

The Company s defined
benefit pension plans in the U.S. and several other countries are funded
through qualified trusts that hold investments in a broad range of equity and
debt securities. Deterioration in the
value of such investments, or reductions driven by a decline in securities
markets or otherwise, could increase the underfunded status of the Company s
funded pension plans, thereby increasing its obligation to make contributions
to the plans as required by the laws and regulations governing each plan. An obligation to make contributions to
pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other
corporate uses, and may have an adverse impact on the Company s operations,
financial condition and liquidity. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

14 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The principal
manufacturing facilities and other material important physical properties of
the Company at December 31, 2009 are listed below. All properties shown are owned in fee except
where otherwise noted. 

North American Operations 

United
 States 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Atlanta,
 GA 

Oakland, CA 

Auburn,
 NY 

Portland, OR 

Brockway, PA 

Streator, IL 

Charlotte, MI (1) 

Toano, VA 

Clarion, PA (1) 

Tracy, CA 

Crenshaw, PA 

Waco, TX 

Danville, VA 

Windsor, CO 

Lapel, IN 

Winston-Salem, NC 

Los Angeles, CA 

Zanesville, OH 

Muskogee , OK 

Canada 

Glass Container Plants 

Brampton,
 Ontario 

Montreal, Quebec 

Asia Pacific Operations 

Australia 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Adelaide 

Melbourne 

Brisbane 

Sydney 

China 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Guangzhou 

Tianjin 

Shanghai 

Wuhan 

Mold
 Shop 

Tianjin 

Indonesia 

Glass
 Container Plant 

Jakarta 

New
 Zealand 

Glass
 Container Plant 

Auckland 

15 

Table
of Contents 

European Operations 

Czech
 Republic 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Sokolov 

Teplice 

Estonia 

Glass
 Container Plant 

Jarvakandi 

France 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Beziers 

Reims 

Gironcourt 

Vayres 

Labegude 

Veauche 

Puy-Guillaume 

Wingles 

Germany 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Achern 

Holzminden 

Bernsdorf 

Rinteln 

Hungary 

Glass Container Plant 

Oroshaza 

Italy 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Asti 

Pordenone 

Bari (2 plants) 

Terni 

Latina 

Trento 

Trapani 

Treviso 

Napoli 

Varese 

The
 Netherlands 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Leerdam 

Schiedam 

Maastricht 

Poland 

Glass Container Plants 

Antoninek 

Jaroslaw 

Spain 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Alcala 

Barcelona 

United
 Kingdom 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Alloa 

Harlow 

16 

Table
of Contents 

South American Operations 

Brazil 

Glass Container Plants 

Rio de Janeiro 

Sao Paulo 

(glass
 container and tableware) 

Mold
 Shop 

Manaus 

Colombia 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Envigado 

Zipaquira (glass
 container and flat glass) 

Soacha 

Tableware
 Plant 

Buga 

Ecuador 

Glass
 Container Plant 

Guayaquil 

Peru 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Callao
 Lurin (2) 

Venezuela 

Glass
 Container Plants 

Valencia 

Valera 

Other Operations 

Machine
 Shops and Engineering Support Center 

Brockway, Pennsylvania 

Cali, Colombia 

Clayton, Australia 

Jaroslaw, Poland 

Lurin, Peru 

Perrysburg, Ohio 

Corporate Facilities 

Perrysburg,
 Ohio (2) 

(1) This
facility is scheduled to be closed in 2010. 

 (2) This
facility is leased in whole or in part. 

The Company
believes that its facilities are well maintained and currently adequate for its
planned production requirements over the next three to five years. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For further information
on legal proceedings, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and
the section entitled Environmental and Other Governmental Regulation in Item
1. 

17 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The selected consolidated
financial data presented below relates to each of the five years in the period
ended December 31, 2009. The
financial data for each of the five years in the period ended December 31,
2009 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Company. For more information, see the Consolidated
Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. 

Years ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(Dollar amounts in millions) 

Consolidated operating results (a): 

Net sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

6,650.4 

6,266.9 

Manufacturing, shipping and delivery (b) 

(5,582.6 

(6,208.1 

(5,971.4 

(5,481.1 

(5,084.9 

Gross profit 

1,483.9 

1,676.6 

1,595.3 

1,169.3 

1,182.0 

Selling and administrative, research development
 and engineering 

(565.2 

(578.5 

(586.4 

(579.1 

(506.1 

Other expense (c) 

(297.0 

(154.2 

(151.2 

(54.7 

(525.8 

Other revenue (d) 

105.3 

117.5 

112.5 

98.6 

103.2 

Earnings before interest expense and items below 

727.0 

1,061.4 

970.2 

634.1 

253.3 

Interest expense (e) 

(221.7 

(253.0 

(348.6 

(349.0 

(325.4 

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
 income taxes 

505.3 

808.4 

621.6 

285.1 

(72.1 

Provision for income taxes (f) 

(154.7 

(237.9 

(147.8 

(125.3 

(428.9 

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations 

350.6 

570.5 

473.8 

159.8 

(501.0 

Net earnings (loss) of discontinued operations (g) 

3.0 

(23.7 

63.1 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

6.8 

1,038.5 

1.2 

Net earnings (loss) 

350.6 

577.3 

1,515.3 

136.1 

(436.7 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.7 

(43.6 

(35.9 

Net earnings (loss) attributable to the Company 

314.6 

507.1 

1,455.6 

92.5 

(472.6 

18 

Table of Contents 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(Dollar
 amounts in millions) 

Other
 data: 

The
 following are included in net earnings: 

Depreciation 

374.8 

431.0 

423.4 

427.7 

436.1 

Amortization
 of intangibles 

21.1 

28.9 

28.9 

22.3 

22.5 

Amortization
 of deferred finance fees (included in interest expense) 

10.4 

7.9 

8.6 

5.7 

6.7 

Balance
 sheet data (at end of period): 

Working
 capital (current assets less current liabilities) 

938 

616 

375 

216 

618 

Total
 assets 

8,727 

7,977 

9,325 

9,321 

9,521 

Total
 debt 

3,610 

3,325 

3,714 

5,464 

5,300 

Share
 owner s equity (a) 

2,222 

1,789 

2,895 

1,251 

1,379 

(a) Amounts related to the Company s plastic
packaging business have been reclassified to discontinued operations for
2005-2007 as a result of the sale of that business in 2007. 

The Company adopted the
provisions of a new accounting standard on January 1, 2009, which changed
the presentation of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. The presentation requirements of the new
standard were also required to be applied retrospectively. 

(b) Amount for 2006 includes a loss of 8.7
million 8.4 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) from the
mark to market effect of natural gas hedge contracts. 

Amount for 2005 includes
a gain of 3.8 million 2.3 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) from the mark to market effect of natural gas hedge contracts. 

(c) Amount for 2009 includes charges of
 213.6 million 182.8 million after tax amount attributable to the Company)
for restructuring and asset impairments, and 17.3 million 17.6 million after
tax amount attributable to the Company) for the remeasurement of certain
bolivar-denominated assets and liabilities held outside of Venezuela. 

Amount for 2008 includes
charges of 133.3 million 110.1 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for restructuring and asset impairments. 

Amount for 2007 includes
charges of 100.3 million 84.1 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for restructuring and asset impairments. 

Amount for 2006 includes
a charge of 20.8 million 20.7 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for CEO transition costs and a charge of 29.7 million 27.7 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for the closing of the Godfrey,
Illinois machine parts manufacturing operation. 

Amount for 2005 includes
a charge of 494.0 million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the
Company) to write down goodwill in the Asia Pacific Glass unit. 

19 

Table
of Contents 

(d) Other revenue in 2006 includes a gain of
 15.9 million 11.2 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for
the curtailment of postretirement benefits in The Netherlands. 

Other revenue in 2005 includes
 28.1 million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the Company) from
the sale of the Company s glass container facility in Corsico, Italy. 

(e) Amount for 2009 includes charges of 4.9
million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the Company) for note
repurchase premiums, net of a gain from the termination of interest rate swap
agreements on the notes. 

Amount for 2007 includes
charges of 7.9 million 7.3 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for note repurchase premiums. 

Amount for 2006 includes
charges of 6.2 million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for note repurchase premiums. 

Includes additional
interest charges for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees
related to the early extinguishment of debt as follows: 0.3 million (pretax and after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for 2009; 1.6 million 1.5 million after tax
amount attributable to the Company) for 2007; and 11.3 million 10.9 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for 2006. 

(f) Amount for 2009 includes a non-cash tax
benefit transferred from other comprehensive income (equity) of 20.7 million. 

Amount for 2008 includes
a net tax expense of 33.3 million 34.8 million attributable to the Company)
related to tax legislation, restructuring, and other. 

Amount for 2007 includes
a benefit of 13.5 million for the recognition of tax credits related to
restructuring of investments in certain European operations. 

Amount for 2006 includes
a benefit of 5.7 million from the reversal of a non-U.S. deferred tax asset
valuation allowance partially offset by charges related to international tax
restructuring. 

Amount for 2005 includes
a charge of 300.0 million to record a valuation allowance related to
accumulated deferred tax assets in the U.S. and a benefit of 5.3 million for
the reversal of an accrual for potential tax liabilities related to a previous
divestiture. The accrual is no longer
required based on the Company s reassessment of potential liabilities. 

(g) Amount for 2005 consists principally of a
third quarter benefit from the reversal of an accrual for potential tax
liabilities related to a previous divestiture. 
The accrual is no longer required based on the Company s reassessment of
the potential liabilities. 

20 

Table
of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Following are the Company s
net sales by segment and segment operating profit for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008, and 2007 (dollars in millions). 
The Company s measure of profit for its reportable segments is Segment
Operating Profit, which consists of consolidated earnings from continuing
operations before interest income, interest expense, and provision for income
taxes and excludes amounts related to certain items that management considers
not representative of ongoing operations as well as certain retained corporate
costs. The segment data presented below
is prepared in accordance with general accounting principles for segment
reporting. The line titled reportable
segment totals , however, is a non-GAAP measure when presented outside of the
financial statement footnotes. 
Management has included reportable segment totals below to facilitate
the discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations. The Company s management
uses Segment Operating Profit, in combination with selected cash flow
information, to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. 

Net Sales: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Europe

2,917.6 

3,497.8 

3,298.7 

North
 America 

2,074.3 

2,209.7 

2,271.3 

South
 America 

1,104.1 

1,135.9 

970.7 

Asia
 Pacific 

925.0 

964.1 

934.3 

Reportable
 segment totals 

7,021.0 

7,807.5 

7,475.0 

Other 

45.5 

77.2 

91.7 

Net
 Sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

21 

Table of Contents 

Segment Operating Profit: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Europe

332.6 

477.8 

433.0 

North
 America 

281.5 

185.2 

265.1 

South
 America 

250.6 

331.0 

254.9 

Asia
 Pacific 

131.3 

162.8 

154.0 

Reportable
 segment totals 

996.0 

1,156.8 

1,107.0 

Items
 excluded from Segment Operating Profit: 

Retained
 corporate costs and other 

(66.7 

(0.7 

(78.8 

Restructuring
 and asset impairment 

(213.6 

(133.3 

(100.3 

Charge
 for Venezuela currency remeasurement 

(17.3 

Interest
 income 

28.6 

38.6 

42.3 

Interest
 expense 

(221.7 

(253.0 

(348.6 

Earnings
 from continuing operations before income taxes 

505.3 

808.4 

621.6 

Provision
 for income taxes 

(154.7 

(237.9 

(147.8 

Earnings
 from continuing operations 

350.6 

570.5 

473.8 

Net
 earnings of discontinued operations 

3.0 

Gain
 on sale of discontinued operations 

6.8 

1,038.5 

Net
 earnings 

350.6 

577.3 

1,515.3 

Net
 earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.7 

Net
 earnings attributable to the Company 

314.6 

507.1 

1,455.6 

Net
 earnings from continuing operations attributable to the Company 

314.6 

500.3 

414.3 

Note: all amounts excluded from
reportable segment totals are discussed in the following applicable sections. 

Executive Overview Years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 

Net sales were
 818.2 million lower than the prior year principally resulting from decreased
shipments and the unfavorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates,
partially offset by higher selling prices and improved mix. 

Segment Operating
Profit for reportable segments was 160.8 million lower than the prior
year. The decrease was mainly
attributable to lower sales volume and increased manufacturing and delivery
costs resulting from higher unabsorbed fixed costs of approximately 302.0
million, primarily from production curtailments, as well as inflationary cost
increases. The Company also recognized
 28.0 million of foreign currency exchange losses in 2009 related to cash
remittances out of Venezuela as part of the Company s cash management
strategy. Partially offsetting these
costs were higher selling prices and savings from permanent curtailment of
plant capacity and realignment of selected operations. 

Interest expense in 2009 was 221.7 million compared with interest
expense of 253.0 million in 2008. The
2009 amount includes 5.2 million of additional interest charges for note
repurchase premiums and the related write-off of unamortized finance fees, net
of a gain from the termination of interest rate swap agreements following the May tender
for the 7.50 Senior Debentures due May 2010. Exclusive of these items, interest expense
decreased approximately 36.5 million. 
The decrease is principally due to lower 

22 

Table of Contents 

variable interest rates under the Company s bank credit agreement as
well as favorable foreign currency exchange rates. 

Interest income for 2009 was 28.6 million compared to 38.6 million
for 2008. 

Net earnings from
continuing operations attributable to the Company for 2009 were 314.6 million
compared to 500.3 million for 2008. 
Earnings in both periods included items that management considered not
representative of ongoing operations. 
These items decreased net earnings in 2009 by 184.9 million and
decreased net earnings in 2008 by 144.9 million. 

Capital spending
for property, plant and equipment was 427.6 million for 2009 compared to
 361.7 million for 2008. 

Results of Operations - Comparison of 2009 with 2008 

Net Sales 

The
Company s net sales in 2009 were 7,066.5 million compared with 7,884.7 million
in 2008, a decrease of 818.2 million, or 10.4 . For further information, see Segment Information included in Note 17 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The change in net sales of reportable segments can be summarized as
follows (dollars in millions): 

Net
 sales - 2008 

7,807.5 

Net
 effect of price and mix 

377.0 

Decreased
 sales volume 

(819.8 

Effects
 of changing foreign currency rates 

(343.7 

Total
 effect on net sales 

(786.5 

Net
 sales - 2009 

7,021.0 

Segment Operating Profit 

Operating Profit
of the reportable segments includes an allocation of some corporate expenses
based on both a percentage of sales and direct billings based on the costs of
specific services provided. Unallocated
corporate expenses and certain other expenses not directly related to the
reportable segments operations are included in Retained Corporate Costs and
Other. For further information, see
Segment Information included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Segment Operating Profit of reportable segments in 2009 was 996.0
million compared to 1,156.8 million in 2008, a decrease of 160.8 million, or
13.9 . 

23 

Table of
Contents 

The change in Segment Operating Profit of reportable segments can be
summarized as follows (dollars in millions): 

Segment Operating
 Profit - 2008 

1,156.8 

Net effect of price and
 mix 

377.0 

Decreased sales volume 

(280.2 

Effects of changing
 foreign currency rates 

(35.1 

Manufacturing and
 delivery 

(205.5 

Operating expenses 

4.4 

Other 

(21.4 

Total net effect on
 Segment Operating Profit 

(160.8 

Segment Operating
 Profit - 2009 

996.0 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense in 2009 was 221.7 million compared with interest
expense of 253.0 million in 2008. The
2009 amount includes 5.2 million of additional interest charges for note
repurchase premiums and the related write-off of unamortized finance fees, net
of a gain from the termination of interest rate swap agreements following the May tender
for the 7.50 Senior Debentures due May 2010. Exclusive of these items, interest expense
decreased approximately 36.5 million. 
The decrease is principally due to lower variable interest rates under
the Company s bank credit agreement as well as favorable foreign currency
exchange rates. 

Interest Income 

Interest
income for 2009 was 28.6 million compared to 38.6 million for 2008. The decrease is principally due to lower
interest rates on investments, which more than offset the additional interest
earned on the Company s higher cash balance. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

The
Company s effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2009 was 30.6 ,
compared with 29.4 for 2008. The
provision for 2009 includes a non-cash tax benefit transferred from other
comprehensive income of 20.7 million (see Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information). 
The provision for 2008 includes a net expense of 33.3 million related
to tax legislation, restructuring, and other. 
Excluding these items and the effects in both periods of pretax items
for which taxes are separately calculated and recorded in the period, the
Company s effective tax rate for 2009 was 26.5 compared to 24.0 for
2008. The increase in the effective tax
rate in 2009 was due to lower earnings generated in jurisdictions where the
Company has lower effective tax rates. 
The Company expects that the effective tax rate will not change
significantly in 2010 compared to 2009. 

Net
Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Net
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2009 were 36.0 million
compared to 70.2 million for 2008. Net
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were reduced by 9.2 million
in 2009 related to restructuring and asset impairment charges recorded during
the year. Excluding this amount, net
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2009 decreased 25.0
million compared with 2008. The decrease
is primarily a result of lower segment operating profit in the Company s South
American segment in 2009. 

24 

Table
of Contents 

Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to
the Company 

For
2009, the Company recorded earnings from continuing operations attributable to
the Company of 314.6 million compared to 500.3 million for 2008. The after tax effects of the items excluded
from Segment Operating Profit, the 2009 additional interest charges, and the
2009 and 2008 unusual tax items increased or decreased earnings in 2009 and
2008 as set forth in the following table (dollars in millions). 

Net Earnings 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Description 

2009 

2008 

Net expense related to tax legislation,
 restructuring, and other 

(34.8 

Non-cash tax benefit transferred from other
 comprehensive income 

20.7 

Restructuring and asset impairment 

(182.8 

(110.1 

Charge for Venezuela currency remeasurement 

(17.6 

Note repurchase premiums and write-off of finance
 fees, net of interest rate swap gain 

(5.2 

Total 

(184.9 

(144.9 

Executive Overview Years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 

Net sales from
continuing operations were 318.0 million higher than the prior year
principally resulting from improved pricing and favorable product mix across
all regions, as well as favorable foreign currency exchange rates, principally
the Euro. Lower unit shipments partially offset these favorable increases. 

Segment Operating
Profit for reportable segments was 49.8 million higher than the prior
year. The benefits of higher selling
prices, improved product mix, improvements in glass plant operating
efficiencies, and favorable foreign currency exchange rates were partially
offset by inflationary cost increases in manufacturing and delivery costs and
lower sales volume. 

Interest expense in 2008 was 253.0 million compared with interest
expense from continuing operations of 348.6 million in 2007. Included in the 2007 interest expense was
 9.5 million for both note repurchase premiums and the write-off of unamortized
finance fees related to the November 2007 repurchase of the 625.0 million
8.75 Senior Secured Notes. Exclusive of
these items, interest expense decreased approximately 86.1 million. The decrease is principally due to lower
variable interest rates under the Company s bank credit agreement and on long
term debt variable and swapped rates as well as lower overall debt levels,
partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange rates. The decrease is also due to the non-recurrence
of interest on debt that was repaid during the fourth quarter of 2007 with the
proceeds from the plastics sale. This
interest was previously allocated to discontinued operations until the date of
the sale. 

Interest income for continuing operations for 2008 was 38.6 million
compared to 42.3 million for 2007. 

Net earnings from
continuing operations attributable to the Company for 2008 were 500.3 million
compared to earnings from continuing operations attributable to the Company of
 414.3 million for 2007. Earnings in
both periods included items that management considered not representative of
ongoing operations. These items
decreased net earnings in 2008 by 144.9 million and decreased net earnings in
2007 by 79.4 million. 

Capital spending
for property, plant and equipment for continuing operations was 361.7 million
for 2008 compared to 292.5 million for 2007. 
The 2008 amount is in a range consistent with long term historical
levels. The increase is also due to
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

25 

Table
of Contents 

Results of Operations - Comparison of 2008 with 2007 

Net Sales 

The Company s net sales in 2008 were 7,884.7 million
compared with 7,566.7 million in 2007, an increase of 318.0 million, or 4.2 . For further information, see Segment
Information included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The change in net sales can be summarized as follows (dollars in
millions): 

Net
 sales - 2007 

7,475.0 

Net
 effect of price and mix 

572.0 

Effects
 of changing foreign currency rates 

274.5 

Decreased
 sales volume 

(514.0 

Total
 effect on net sales 

332.5 

Net
 sales - 2008 

7,807.5 

Segment Operating Profit 

Operating Profit of
the reportable segments includes an allocation of some corporate expenses based
on both a percentage of sales and direct billings based on the costs of
specific services provided. Unallocated
corporate expenses and certain other expenses not directly related to the
reportable segments operations are included in Retained Corporate Costs and
Other. For further information, see
Segment Information included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Segment Operating Profit of reportable segments in 2008 was 1,156.8
million compared to 1,107.0 million in 2007, an increase of 49.8 million, or
4.5 . 

The change in Segment Operating Profit of reportable segments can be
summarized as follows (dollars in millions): 

Segment
 Operating Profit - 2007 

1,107.0 

Net
 effect of price and mix 

572.0 

Effects
 of changing foreign currency rates 

56.0 

Manufacturing
 and delivery costs 

(468.0

Decreased
 sales volume 

(116.0

Operating
 expens 

(28.0

Other 

33.8 

Total
 net effect on Segment Operating Profit 

49.8 

Segment
 Operating Profit - 2008 

1,156.8 

26 

Table
of Contents 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense in 2008 was 253.0 million compared with interest
expense from continuing operations of 348.6 million in 2007. Included in the 2007 interest expense was
 9.5 million for both note repurchase premiums and the write-off of unamortized
finance fees related to the November 2007 repurchase of the 625.0 million
8.75 Senior Secured Notes. Exclusive of
these items, interest expense decreased approximately 86.1 million. The decrease is principally due to lower
variable interest rates under the Company s bank credit agreement and on long
term debt variable and swapped rates as well as lower overall debt levels,
partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange rates. The decrease is also due to the
non-recurrence of interest on debt that was repaid during the fourth quarter of
2007 with the proceeds from the plastics sale. 
This interest was previously allocated to discontinued operations until
the date of the sale. 

Interest Income 

Interest income for continuing operations for 2008 was 38.6 million
compared to 42.3 million for 2007. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

The
Company s effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2008 was 29.4 ,
compared with 23.8 for 2007. The provision for 2008 includes a net expense of
 33.3 million related to tax legislation, restructuring, and other. The provision for 2007 includes a benefit of
 13.5 million for the recognition of tax credits related to restructuring of
investments in certain European operations. 
Excluding those items and the effects in both periods of pretax items
for which taxes are separately calculated and recorded in the period, the
Company s effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2008 was 24.0 
compared to 24.4 for 2007. 

Net
Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Net
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2008 were 70.2 million
compared to 59.7 million for 2007. The
increase was primarily attributed to higher earnings from the Company s operations
in South America. 

Earnings from Continuing Operations 

For
2008, the Company recorded earnings from continuing operations attributable to
the Company of 500.3 million compared to 414.3 million for 2007. The after tax effects of the items excluded from
Segment Operating Profit, the 2008 and 2007 international net tax benefits, and
the 2007 additional interest charges, increased or decreased earnings in 2008
and 2007 as set forth in the following table (dollars in millions). 

Net Earnings 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Description 

2008 

2007 

Net expense related to tax legislation,
 restructuring, and other 

(34.8 

Gain recognition from foreign tax credits 

13.5 

Restructuring and asset impairments 

(110.1 

(84.1 

Note repurchase premiums and write-off of finance
 fees 

(8.8 

Total 

(144.9 

(79.4 

27 

Table
of Contents 

Items Excluded from Reportable Segment Totals 

Retained Corporate Costs and Other 

Retained corporate costs and other for 2009 were 66.7 million compared
with 0.7 million for 2008. The
increased expense in 2009 is mainly attributable to increased employee benefit
costs, primarily pension expense, and lower royalty income. 

Retained corporate costs and other for 2008 were 0.7 million compared
with 78.8 million for 2007. Beginning
in 2008, the Company revised its method of allocating corporate expenses. The Company decreased slightly the percentage
allocation based on sales and significantly expanded the number of functions
included in the allocation based on cost of services. It is not practicable to quantify the net
effect of these changes on periods prior to 2008. However, the effect for 2008 was to reduce
the amount of retained corporate costs by approximately 38.0 million. Also contributing to the decrease were lower
accruals for self insured risks and increased pension income in 2008. 

Restructuring and
Asset Impairments 

During
2009, the Company recorded charges totaling 213.6 million 182.8 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company), for restructuring, asset
impairment and settlement of pension liabilities in Europe, North America and
South America. The charges reflect the
additional decisions reached in the Company s strategic review of its global
manufacturing footprint. See Note 14 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional
information. 

Charges
for similar actions during 2008 totaled 132.4 million 109.2 million after
tax amount attributable to the Company). 
See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

During 2008, the Company also recorded an additional
 0.9 million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the Company), related
to the impairment of the Company s equity investment in the South American
Segment s 50 -owned Caribbean affiliate. 

During 2007, the Company
recorded charges totaling 100.3 million 84.1 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company), for restructuring and asset impairment in South
America, Europe, and North America. The
charges reflect the initial decisions of the Company s strategic global
manufacturing footprint review. See Note 14 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Charge for Venezuela Currency Remeasurement 

Due to Venezuelan government
restrictions on transfers of cash out of the country, the Company used the
parallel market rate to translate the balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2009. The impact
of this change in exchange rates was an approximate 60 reduction in the U.S.
dollar reported amounts for all assets and liabilities of the Company s
Venezuelan subsidiaries, and a resulting 132.5 million charge recorded in the
cumulative translation adjustment component of other comprehensive income and
 45.9 million charge recorded against noncontrolling interests. In addition, the Company remeasured certain
bolivar-denominated assets and liabilities held outside of Venezuela to the
parallel market rate and recorded a charge of 17.3 million 17.6 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) in 2009. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Discontinued Operations 

On July 31, 2007, the Company completed the sale of its plastics
packaging business to Rexam PLC for approximately 1.825 billion in cash. The Company has presented the results of
operations for the plastics packaging business in the Consolidated Results of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2007 as discontinued
operations. Interest expense was allocated
to the discontinued operations based on debt that was required by an amendment
to the Secured Credit Agreement to be repaid from the net proceeds. Amounts for the prior periods have been
reclassified to conform to this presentation. 

The following summarizes the revenues and expenses of the discontinued
operations as reported in the consolidated results of operations for the
periods indicated: 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

Net
 sales 

455.0 

Manufacturing,
 shipping and delivery 

(343.5 

Gross
 profit 

111.5 

Selling
 and administrative 

(20.7 

Research,
 development and engineering 

(8.3 

Interest
 expense 

(80.6 

Other
 income 

(0.1 

Other
 expense 

(1.2 

Earnings
 before income taxes 

0.6 

Credit
 for income taxes 

2.4 

Earnings
 from discontinued operations 

3.0 

Gain
 on sale of discontinued operations 

1,038.5 

Net
 earnings from discontinued operations 

1,041.5 

Net
 earnings from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(0.2 

Net
 earnings from discontinued operations attributable to the Company 

1,041.3 

The 2007 gain
on the sale of discontinued operations of 1,038.5 million includes charges
totaling 62.1 million for debt retirement costs, consisting principally of
redemption premiums and write-off of unamortized fees, and a gain of 8.7
million for curtailment and settlement of pension and other postretirement
benefits. The gain also includes a net
provision for income taxes of 38.2 million, consisting of taxes on the gain of
 445.0 million that are substantially offset by a credit of 406.8 million for
the reversal of valuation allowances against existing tax loss
carryforwards. The sale agreement
provides for an adjustment of the selling price based on working capital levels
and certain other factors. 

The gain on sale of
discontinued operations of 6.8 million reported in 2008 relates to an
adjustment of the 2007 gain on the sale of the plastics packaging business
mainly related to finalizing certain tax allocations and an adjustment to the
selling price in accordance with procedures set forth in the final contract. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Capital
Resources and Liquidity 

Current
and Long-Term Debt 

The Company s
total debt at December 31, 2009 was 3.61 billion, compared to 3.33
billion at December 31, 2008. 

On June 14,
2006, the Company s subsidiary borrowers entered into the Secured Credit
Agreement (the Agreement ). At December 31,
2009, the Agreement included a 900.0 million revolving credit facility, a
160.0 million Australian dollar term loan, and a 110.8 million Canadian dollar
term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 15, 2012. It also included a 189.5 million term loan
and a 189.5 million term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 14,
2013. During December 2009, the
Company s subsidiary borrowers repaid 65.0 million Australian dollars, 2.0
million and 2.0 million of term loans under the Agreement. 

As a result of the
2008 bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and several of its
subsidiaries, the Company believes that the maximum amount available under the
revolving credit facility was reduced by 32.3 million. After further deducting amounts attributable
to letters of credit and overdraft facilities that are supported by the
revolving credit facility, at December 31, 2009 the Company s subsidiary
borrowers had unused credit of 760.0 million available under the Agreement. 

The Agreement
contains various covenants that restrict, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, the ability of the Company to incur certain liens, make
certain investments and acquisitions, become liable under contingent
obligations in certain defined instances only, make restricted junior payments,
make certain asset sales within guidelines and limits, make capital
expenditures beyond a certain threshold, engage in material transactions with
shareholders and affiliates, participate in sale and leaseback financing
arrangements, alter its fundamental business, amend certain outstanding debt
obligations, and prepay certain outstanding debt obligations. 

The Agreement also
contains one financial maintenance covenant, a Leverage Ratio, that requires
the Company not to exceed a ratio calculated by dividing consolidated total
debt, less cash and cash equivalents, by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, as
defined in the Agreement. The Leverage
Ratio could restrict the ability of the Company to undertake additional
financing to the extent that such financing would cause the Leverage Ratio to
exceed the specified maximum. 

Failure to comply
with these covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default under
the Agreement. In such an event, the
Company could not request borrowings under the revolving facility, and all
amounts outstanding under the Agreement, together with accrued interest, could
then be declared immediately due and payable. 
If an event of default occurs under the Agreement and the lenders cause
all of the outstanding debt obligations under the Agreement to become due and
payable, this would result in a default under a number of other outstanding
debt securities and could lead to an acceleration of obligations related to
these debt securities. A default or
event of default under the Agreement, indentures or agreements governing other
indebtedness could also lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt
instruments that contain cross acceleration or cross-default provisions. 

The Leverage Ratio
also determines pricing under the Agreement. 
The interest rate on borrowings under the Agreement is, at the Company s
option, the Base Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, as defined in the
Agreement. These rates include a margin
linked to the Leverage Ratio and the borrowers senior secured debt rating. The margins range from 0.875 to 1.75 for
Eurocurrency Rate loans and from -0.125 to 0.75 for Base Rate loans. In addition, a facility fee is payable on the
revolving credit facility commitments ranging from 0.20 to 0.50 per annum
linked to the Leverage Ratio. The
weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Agreement at
December 31, 2009 was 2.40 . As of December 31,
2009, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and restrictions in the
Agreement. In addition, the Company
believes that it will remain in compliance and that its ability to borrow funds
under the Agreement will not be adversely affected by the covenants and
restrictions. 

30 

Table of Contents 

During the second quarter
of 2008, the Company used cash from operations and borrowings under the
Agreement to retire 250 million principal amount of 7.35 Senior Notes which
matured in May 2008. 

During May 2009, a
subsidiary of the Company issued senior notes with a face value of 600.0
million at 96.72 of face value for an effective interest rate of 8.00 . The notes bear interest at 7.375 and are due
May 15, 2016. The notes are
guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries. The net proceeds, after deducting commissions
and expenses from the notes, approximated 568 million and were used to repurchase
 221.9 million of intercompany debt with OI Inc. and to reduce borrowings under
the revolving credit facility. The
balance of the proceeds increased cash. 
As a part of the issuance of these notes and the related debt repayment,
the Company recorded additional interest charges in 2009 of 5.2 million for
note repurchase premiums and the related write-off of unamortized finance fees,
net of a gain from the termination of related interest rate swap agreements. 

During October 2006,
the Company entered into a European accounts receivable securitization program,
which had a limit of 250 million at December 31, 2009. The program extends through October 2011,
subject to annual renewal of backup credit lines. In addition, the Company participates in a
receivables financing program in the Asia Pacific region with a revolving
funding commitment of 89 million Australian dollars and 10 million New Zealand
dollars that expire February 2010 and November 2010, respectively. 

Information
related to the Company s accounts receivable securitization program as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Balance (included in short-term loans) 

289.0 

293.7 

Weighted average interest rate 

2.52 

5.31 

Cash
Flows 

For
2009, cash provided by continuing operating activities was 990.3 million
compared with 966.2 million for 2008. 
The increase is mainly attributable to lower working capital balances
and lower interest payments, partially offset by lower net earnings, increased
payments for restructuring activities, and increased pension
contributions. Cash flows from operating
activities will continue to be affected by payments for restructuring
activities in 2010. 

During
2009, the Company contributed 123.1 million, including 49.5 million of
accelerated 2010 contributions, to its non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans,
compared with 61.2 million in 2008. The
Company was not required to make cash contributions to the U.S. defined benefit
pension plans during 2009. Contributions
in 2010 are dependent on future asset returns and discount rates which the
Company is unable to predict. However,
the Company believes that contributions to its non-U.S. plans will be lower in
2010, due to the accelerated contributions made in 2009, and that it will not
be required to make contributions to its U.S. plans in 2010. Depending on a number of factors, the Company
may elect to contribute amounts in excess of minimum required amounts in order
to improve the funded status of certain plans. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Capital
spending for property, plant and equipment was 427.6 million compared with
 361.7 million in the prior year. The
Company capitalized 16.8 million and 25.6 million in 2009 and 2008,
respectively, under capital lease obligations with the related financing
recorded as long-term debt. 

As
of December 31, 2009, the Company had 811.7 million in cash and cash
equivalents. The increase over the December 31, 2008 balance of 379.5
million largely represents cash provided by operating activities of 800.0
million for 2009 and additional funds provided by the May 2009 financing
activities described above, partially offset by capital spending of 427.6
million and term loan repayments of 63.4 million. Most of the cash is held in mature, liquid markets
where the Company has operations, such as North America, Europe and Australia
and is readily available to fund global liquidity requirements. Approximately 7 of the cash at December 31,
2009 is held in Venezuela where government restrictions on transfers of cash
out of the country limit the Company s ability to immediately access cash at
the government s official exchange rate of 2.15 bolivars to the U.S. dollar as
of December 31, 2009. The Company
has been able to obtain U.S. dollars at the official rate to pay for some of
its key raw materials and other imports. 
However, in 2009, the Venezuelan government significantly slowed the
process of exchanging bolivars to U.S. dollars at the official rate. As a result, the Company s cash balance in
Venezuela increased as earnings accumulated. 
The Company has the ability to access the cash in Venezuela more quickly
through a market-driven parallel exchange process which, at December 31,
2009, valued the bolivar about 60 lower than the official exchange rate. During 2009, the Company entered into a
series of parallel market transactions in order to exchange Venezuelan bolivars
into U.S. dollars, and recognized foreign currency exchange losses of 28.0
million 19.5 million after tax amount attributable to the Company). As of December 31, 2009, the Company
translated the balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries at the parallel
market rate, which resulted in a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of
 101.5 million. For further information
regarding Venezuela, see Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The
Company anticipates that cash flows from its operations and from utilization of
credit available under the Agreement will be sufficient to fund its operating
and seasonal working capital needs, debt service and other obligations on a
short-term (twelve-months) and long-term basis. 
Based on the Company s expectations regarding future payments for
lawsuits and claims and also based on the Company s expected operating cash
flow, the Company believes that the payment of any deferred amounts of
previously settled or otherwise determined lawsuits and claims, and the
resolution of presently pending and anticipated future lawsuits and claims
associated with asbestos, will not have a material adverse effect upon the
Company s liquidity on a short-term or long-term basis. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Contractual
Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The following
information summarizes the Company s significant contractual cash obligations
at December 31, 2009 (dollars in millions). 

Payments due by period 

Total 

Less than 
 one year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 
 years 

Contractual
 cash obligations: 

Long-term
 debt 

3,231.3 

39.6 

272.9 

1,647.4 

1,271.4 

Capital
 lease obligations 

75.9 

10.1 

28.6 

21.3 

15.9 

Operating
 leases 

199.0 

60.8 

77.8 

36.8 

23.6 

Interest
 (1) 

1,096.5 

212.2 

399.0 

333.5 

151.8 

Purchase
 obligations (2) 

898.8 

517.0 

310.0 

68.8 

3.0 

Pension
 benefit plan contributions 

15.0 

15.0 

Postretirement
 benefit plan benefit payments (1) 

289.0 

22.3 

44.5 

44.1 

178.1 

Total
 contractual cash obligations 

5,805.5 

877.0 

1,132.8 

2,151.9 

1,643.8 

Amount of commitment expiration per period 

Total 

Less than 
 one year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 
 years 

Other
 commercial commitments: 

Standby
 letters of credit 

107.7 

107.7 

Total
 commercial commitments 

107.7 

107.7 

(1) Amounts
based on rates and assumptions at December 31, 2009. 

(2) The
Company s purchase obligations consist principally of contracted amounts for
energy and molds. In cases where variable prices are involved, current market
prices have been used. The amount above
does not include ordinary course of business purchase orders because the
majority of such purchase orders may be canceled. The Company does not believe such purchase
orders will adversely affect its liquidity position. 

The Company is
unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when cash settlement with
taxing authorities may occur for its unrecognized tax benefits. Therefore, the liability for unrecognized tax
benefits is not included in the table above. 
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

The Company has no
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The Company s analysis and discussion of its financial condition and
results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements that
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. The Company evaluates
these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Estimates and assumptions are based on
historical and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
at the time the financial statements are issued. The results of these estimates may form the
basis of the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities and may not be
readily apparent from other sources. 
Actual results, under conditions and circumstances different from those
assumed, may differ from estimates. 

33 

Table of Contents 

The impact of, and any associated risks related to, estimates and
assumptions are discussed within Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as in the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, if applicable, where estimates and
assumptions affect the Company s reported and expected financial results. 

The Company believes that accounting for property, plant and equipment,
impairment of long-lived assets, pension benefit plans, and income taxes
involves the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of its consolidated financial statements. 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

The net carrying amount of
property, plant, and equipment PP E at December 31, 2009 totaled
 2,742.3 million, representing 31 of total assets. Depreciation expense during 2009 totaled
 374.8 million, representing approximately 5 of total costs and expenses.
Given the significance of PP E and associated depreciation to the Company s
consolidated financial statements, the determinations of an asset s cost basis
and its economic useful life are considered to be critical accounting
estimates. 

Cost Basis - PP E is
recorded at cost, which is generally objectively quantifiable when assets are
purchased singly. However, when assets
are purchased in groups, or as part of a business, costs assigned to PP E
are based on an estimate of fair value of each asset at the date of
acquisition. These estimates are based
on assumptions about asset condition, remaining useful life and market
conditions, among others. The Company
frequently employs expert appraisers to aid in allocating cost among assets
purchased as a group. 

Included in the cost basis
of PP E are those
costs which substantially increase the useful lives or capacity of existing
PP E. Significant judgment is needed
to determine which costs should be capitalized under these criteria and which
costs should be expensed as a repair or maintenance expenditure. For example, the Company frequently incurs
various costs related to its existing glass melting furnaces and forming
machines and must make a determination of which costs, if any, to
capitalize. The Company relies on the
experience and expertise of its operations and engineering staff to make
reasonable and consistent judgments regarding increases in useful lives or
capacity of PP E. 

Estimated Useful Life PP E is
generally depreciated using the straight-line method, which deducts equal
amounts of the cost of each asset from earnings each period over its estimated
economic useful life. Economic useful
life is the duration of time an asset is expected to be productively employed
by the Company, which may be less than its physical life. Management s
assumptions regarding the following factors, among others, affect the
determination of estimated economic useful life: wear and tear, product and
process obsolescence, technical standards, and changes in market demand. 

The estimated economic
useful life of an asset is monitored to determine its appropriateness,
especially in light of changed business circumstances. For example,
technological advances, excessive wear and tear, or changes in customers 
requirements may result in a shorter estimated useful life than originally
anticipated. In these cases, the Company depreciates the remaining net book
value over the new estimated remaining life, thereby increasing depreciation
expense per year on a prospective basis. 
Likewise, if the estimated useful life is increased, the adjustment to
the useful life decreases depreciation expense per year on a prospective
basis. Changes in economic useful life
assumptions did not have a material impact on the Company s reported results in
2009, 2008 or 2007. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Property, Plant, and Equipment The Company
tests for impairment of PP E whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. PP E 

34 

Table
of Contents 

held for use in the Company s
business is grouped for impairment testing at the lowest level for which cash
flows can reasonably be identified, typically a geographic region. The Company evaluates the recoverability of property,
plant, and equipment based on undiscounted projected cash flows, excluding
interest and taxes. If an asset group is considered impaired, the
impairment loss to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the asset
group s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. 
PP E held for sale is reported at the lower of carrying amount or
fair value less cost to sell. 

Impairment testing requires
estimation of the fair value of PP E based on the discounted value of
projected future cash flows generated by the asset group. The assumptions underlying cash flow
projections represent management s best estimates at the time of the impairment
review. Factors that management must
estimate include, among other things: industry and market conditions, sales
volume and prices, production costs and inflation. Changes in key assumptions or actual
conditions which differ from estimates could result in an impairment
charge. The Company uses reasonable and
supportable assumptions when performing impairment reviews and cannot predict
the occurrence of future events and circumstances that could result in
impairment charges. 

In mid-2007, the Company
began a strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint. As a result of this review, during 2007,
2008, and 2009, the Company recorded charges that included impairments of
property, plant, and equipment across all segments including certain Retained
Corporate Costs and Other activities. While
the Company has concluded this strategic review of its manufacturing footprint,
it is possible that the Company may conclude in the future that it will close
or temporarily idle additional selected facilities or production lines and
reduce headcount to increase operating performance and cash flows. As of December 31, 2009, no other
decisions had been made and no events had occurred that would require an
additional evaluation of possible impairment. 
For additional information on charges recorded in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Goodwill Goodwill at December 31,
2009 totaled 2,381.0 million, representing 27 of total assets. The Company evaluates goodwill annually (or
more frequently if impairment indicators arise) for impairment. The Company conducts its evaluation as of October 1
of each year. Goodwill impairment
testing is performed using the business enterprise value BEV of each reporting
unit which is calculated as of a measurement date by determining the present
value of debt-free, after-tax projected future cash flows, discounted at the
weighted average cost of capital of a hypothetical third party buyer. This BEV is then compared to the book value
of each reporting unit as of the measurement date to assess whether an
impairment of goodwill may exist. 

During the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company completed its annual
testing and determined that no impairment of goodwill existed. 

The testing performed as of October 1, 2009, indicated a
significant excess of BEV over book value for each unit. If the Company s projected future cash flows
were substantially lower, or if the assumed weighted average cost of capital
was substantially higher, the testing performed as of October 1, 2009, may
have indicated an impairment of one or more of the Company s reporting units
and, as a result, the related goodwill may also have been impaired. However, less significant changes in
projected future cash flows or the assumed weighted average cost of capital
would not have indicated an impairment. 
For example, if projected future cash flows had been decreased by 5 , or
if the weighted average cost of capital had been increased by 5 , or both, the
resulting lower BEV s would still have exceeded the book value of each
reporting unit by a significant margin. 

The Company will monitor conditions throughout 2010 that might
significantly affect the projections and variables used in the impairment test
to determine if a review prior to October 1 may be appropriate. If the results of impairment testing confirm
that a write down of goodwill is necessary, then the Company will record a
charge in the fourth quarter of 2010, or earlier if appropriate. In the event the Company 

35 

Table of Contents 

would be required to record a significant write down of goodwill, the
charge would have a material adverse effect on reported results of operations
and net worth. 

Other
Long-Lived Assets Other long-lived assets include, among others,
equity investments and repair parts inventories. The Company s equity investments are
non-publicly traded ventures with other companies in businesses related to
those of the Company. Equity investments
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be
recoverable. In the event that a decline
in fair value of an investment occurs, and the decline in value is considered
to be other than temporary, an impairment loss is recognized. Summarized
financial information of equity affiliates is included in Note 4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. During 2007 and 2008, the Company recorded
charges that included impairments of an equity investment. For additional information on these charges,
see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company carries a significant amount of repair parts inventories in
order to provide a dependable supply of quality parts for servicing the Company s
PP E, particularly its glass melting furnaces and forming machines. The Company evaluates the recoverability of repair
parts inventories based on undiscounted projected cash flows, excluding
interest and taxes, when factors indicate that impairment may exist. If impairment exists, the repair parts are
written down to fair value. The Company
continually monitors the carrying value of repair parts for recoverability,
especially in light of changing business circumstances. For example, technological advances related
to, and changes in, the estimated future demand for products produced on the
equipment to which the repair parts relate may make the repair parts
obsolete. In these circumstances, the
Company writes down the repair parts to fair value. 

Pension Benefit Plans 

Significant
Estimates - The determination of pension obligations and the
related pension expense or credits to operations involves significant
estimates. The most significant
estimates are the discount rate used to calculate the actuarial present value
of benefit obligations and the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets. The Company uses discount rates
based on yields of high quality fixed rate debt securities at the end of the
year. At December 31, 2009, the
weighted average discount rate for all plans was 5.76 . The Company uses an expected long-term rate
of return on assets that is based on both past performance of the various plans 
assets and estimated future performance of the assets. Due to the nature of the plans assets and
the volatility of debt and equity markets, actual returns may vary
significantly from year to year. The
Company refers to average historical returns over longer periods (up to 10
years) in determining its expected rates of return because short-term
fluctuations in market values do not reflect the rates of return the Company
expects to achieve based upon its long-term investing strategy. For purposes of determining pension charges
and credits in 2010, the Company s estimated weighted average expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets is 7.6 compared to 7.6 in 2009. The
Company recorded pension expense (income) from continuing operations of 41.3
million, (24.3) million, and 3.4 million in 2009, 2008, and 2007,
respectively, from its principal defined benefit pension plans. Pension expense for 2009 included a charge of
 9.3 million for the settlement of pension liabilities related to previously
closed facilities and 8.6 million for special termination benefits related to
announced plant closures. The increase
in pension expense in 2009 is principally a result of lower asset values in the
U.S. plans at the beginning of 2009. Depending
on currency translation rates, the Company expects to record approximately 75
million of pension expense for the full year of 2010. 

Future
effects on reported results of operations depend on economic conditions and
investment performance. For example, a
one-half percentage point change in the actuarial assumption regarding the
expected return on assets would result in a change of approximately 18 million
in the pretax pension amount for the full year 2010. In addition, changes in external factors,
including the fair values of plan assets and the discount rates used to
calculate plan liabilities, could have a significant effect on the recognition
of funded status as described below. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Recognition
of Funded Status General accounting principles for pension benefit
plans require employers to adjust the assets and liabilities related to defined
benefit plans so that the amounts reflected on the balance sheet represent the
overfunded or underfunded status of the plans. 
These funded status amounts are measured as the difference between the
fair value of plan assets and actuarially calculated benefit obligations as of
the balance sheet date. At December 31,
2009, the Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss component of share owners 
equity was decreased by 133.5 million 119.1 million after tax attributable
to non-U.S. pension plans) to reflect a net increase in the funded status of
the Company s plans at that date. 

Income
Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes as required by
general accounting principles under which deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the tax effects of temporary differences between the
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities measured using
enacted tax rates. 

Management judgment is required in determining income
tax expense and the related balance sheet amounts. In addition, judgments are required concerning
the ultimate outcome of uncertain income tax positions. Actual income taxes paid may vary from
estimates, depending upon changes in income tax laws, actual results of
operations, and the final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities. Tax assessments
may arise several years after tax returns have been filed. During 2009, the
Company s estimated unrecognized tax benefits increased by 16.0 million
related to tax positions taken in prior years in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

Deferred tax assets are also recorded for operating
losses and tax credit carryforwards. However, a valuation allowance is recorded
when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. This
assessment is dependent upon projected profitability including the effects of
tax planning. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are determined separately for each tax jurisdiction in which the
Company conducts its operations or otherwise incurs taxable income or
losses. In the U.S., the Company has
recorded significant deferred tax assets, the largest of which relate to
foreign and other tax credits which amounted to 329.7 million at December 31,
2009 and the pension liability which amounted to 82.0 million at December 31,
2009. The deferred tax assets are
partially offset by deferred tax liabilities, the most significant of which
relate to accelerated depreciation. The
Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the portion of U.S. deferred tax
assets not offset by deferred tax liabilities. 

ITEM 7A. QUALITATIVE
AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market risks
relating to the Company s operations result primarily from fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, changes in interest rates, and changes in
commodity prices, principally energy and soda ash. The Company uses certain derivative
instruments to mitigate a portion of the risk associated with changing foreign
currency exchange rates and fluctuating energy prices. These instruments carry varying degrees of
counterparty credit risk. To mitigate
this risk, the Company has established limits on the exposure with individual
counterparties and the Company regularly monitors these exposures. Substantially all of these exposures are with
counterparties that are rated single-A or above. 

37 

Table of Contents 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

Earnings
of operations outside the United States 

A substantial
portion of the Company s operations are conducted by subsidiaries outside the
U.S. The primary international markets
served by the Company s subsidiaries are in Canada, Australia, China, South
America (principally Colombia, Brazil and Venezuela), and Europe (principally
Italy, France, The Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and
Poland). In general, revenues earned and
costs incurred by the Company s major international operations are denominated
in their respective local currencies. Consequently, the Company s reported financial
results could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency
exchange rates or highly inflationary economic conditions in the international
markets in which the Company s subsidiaries operate. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against
foreign currencies, the reported U.S. dollar value of local currency earnings
generally decreases; when the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies,
the reported U.S. dollar value of local currency earnings generally
increases. For the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company did not have any significant foreign
subsidiaries whose functional currency was the U.S. dollar. However, beginning January 1, 2010, the
Company s subsidiaries in Venezuela will be considered to be operating in a
highly inflationary economy and the Company will be required to adopt the U.S.
dollar as the functional currency for its subsidiaries in that country. The Company does not hedge the foreign
currency exchange rate risk related to earnings of operations outside the
United States. 

In Venezuela, where currency restrictions have been in effect for a
number of years, the government controls all exchanges of bolivars into U.S.
dollars at the official rate, which, as of December 31, 2009, had remained
fixed at 2.15 bolivars to the U.S dollar since early 2005. In 2009, increased restrictions in the
currency exchange process, combined with a general decline in economic
conditions in Venezuela, contributed to a growing shortage of U.S. dollars
available for exchange at the official rate. 
In addition, inflation in Venezuela has continued at an accelerated
rate, and, beginning January 1, 2010, Venezuela s economy will be
considered highly inflationary. For
accounting purposes, an economy is deemed to be highly inflationary when the
three-year cumulative rate of inflation exceeds 100 . Due to currency restrictions in place in
Venezuela, the Company adopted the market-driven parallel exchange rate as of December 31,
2009 for translation purposes, and expects to use the parallel market rate to
remeasure its financial statements under a highly-inflationary basis of
accounting. This will have an adverse
impact on the reported results of the Company s Venezuelan operations, which represented
approximately 40 of the South American Segment s operating profit for 2009,
including the 28.0 million foreign exchange losses recognized in 2009 to
exchange bolivars into U.S. dollars in the parallel market. In addition, monetary assets (such as cash
and receivables) and monetary liabilities (such as payables and accruals) will
be remeasured at the end of each reporting period using the parallel market
rate at that date. Because the parallel
market rate is subject to fluctuation, such remeasurement will increase the
volatility of reported results of operations. 
See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information. 

Borrowings not denominated in the functional currency 

Because the Company s
subsidiaries operate within their local economic environment, the Company
believes it is appropriate to finance those operations with borrowings
denominated in the local currency to the extent practicable where debt
financing is desirable or necessary. 
Considerations which influence the amount of such borrowings include
long- and short-term business plans, tax implications, and the availability of
borrowings with acceptable interest rates and terms. In those countries where the local currency is
the designated functional currency, this strategy mitigates the risk of
reported losses or gains in the event the foreign currency strengthens or
weakens against the U.S. dollar. In
those countries where the U.S. dollar is the designated functional currency,
however, local currency borrowings expose the Company to reported losses or
gains in the event the foreign currency strengthens or weakens against the U.S.
dollar. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Available excess funds of
a subsidiary may be redeployed through intercompany loans
to other subsidiaries for debt repayment, capital investment, or other cash
requirements. Generally, each
intercompany loan is denominated in the lender s local currency giving rise to
foreign currency exchange rate risk for the borrower. To mitigate this risk, the borrower generally
enters into a forward exchange contract which effectively swaps the
intercompany loan and related interest to its local currency. 

The
Company believes the near term exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk
of its foreign currency risk sensitive instruments was not material at December 31,
2009 and 2008. 

Interest
Rate Risk 

The Company s interest
expense is most sensitive to changes in the general level of U.S. interest
rates applicable to its U.S. dollar indebtedness. The Company s interest rate risk management
objective is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on net income and
cash flow, while minimizing interest payments and expense. To achieve this objective, the Company
regularly evaluates its mix of fixed and floating-rate debt, and, from time to
time, may enter into interest rate swap agreements. 

The following table
provides information about the Company s interest rate sensitivity related to
its significant debt obligations at December 31, 2009. The table presents principal cash flows and
related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity date. 

Fair 

There- 

Value at 

(dollars
 in millions) 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

after 

Total 

12/31/2009 

Long-term
 debt at variable rate: 

Principal
 by expected maturity 

21.4 

136.1 

165.4 

471.9 

11.7 

22.2 

828.7 

828.7 

Avg.
 principal outstanding 

818.0 

739.3 

588.5 

269.9 

28.1 

11.1 

Avg.
 interest rate 

2.40 

2.40 

2.40 

2.40 

2.40 

2.40 

Long-term
 debt at fixed rate: 

Principal
 by expected maturity 

28.1 

450.0 

724.7 

1,282.9 

2,485.7 

2,518.5 

Avg.
 principal outstanding 

2,468.1 

2,457.6 

2,457.6 

2,176.4 

1,282.9 

1,282.9 

Avg.
 interest rate 

7.33 

7.30 

7.30 

7.11 

7.35 

7.35 

The Company believes the
near term exposure to interest rate risk of its debt obligations has not
changed materially since December 31, 2008. 

Commodity
Price Risk 

The
Company has exposure to commodity price risk, principally related to
energy. The Company mitigates a portion
of this risk by passing commodity cost changes through to customers. In addition, the Company enters into
commodity futures contracts related to forecasted natural gas requirements, the
objectives of which are to limit the effects of fluctuations in the future
market price paid for natural gas and the related volatility in cash
flows. The Company continually evaluates
the natural gas market with respect to its forecasted usage requirements over
the next twelve to twenty-four months and periodically enters into commodity
futures contracts in order to hedge a portion of its usage requirements over
that period. At December 31, 2009, the Company had
entered into commodity futures contracts covering approximately 4,800,000 MM BTUs over that period. 

39 

Table of Contents 

The
Company believes the near term exposure to commodity price risk of its
commodity futures contracts was not material at December 31, 2009. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This document
contains forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933. Forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current expectations
and projections about future events at the time, and thus involve uncertainty
and risk. It is possible the Company s future financial performance may differ
from expectations due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to the
following: (1) foreign currency fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar, (2) changes
in capital availability or cost, including interest rate fluctuations, (3) the
general political, economic and competitive conditions in markets and countries
where the Company has its operations, including disruptions in capital markets,
disruptions in the supply chain, competitive pricing pressures, inflation or
deflation, and changes in tax rates and laws, (4) consumer preferences for
alternative forms of packaging, (5) fluctuations in raw material and labor
costs, (6) availability of raw materials, (7) costs and availability
of energy, (8) transportation costs, (9) the ability of the Company
to raise selling prices commensurate with energy and other cost increases, (10) consolidation
among competitors and customers, (11) the ability of the Company to integrate
operations of acquired businesses and achieve expected synergies, (12)
unanticipated expenditures with respect to environmental, safety and health
laws, (13) the performance by customers of their obligations under purchase
agreements, and (14) the timing and occurrence of events which are beyond the
control of the Company, including events related to OI Inc. s asbestos-related
claims. It is not possible to foresee or identify all such factors. Any forward
looking statements in this document are based on certain assumptions and
analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and perception of
historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other
factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking
statements are not a guarantee of future performance and actual results or
developments may differ materially from expectations. While the Company
continually reviews trends and uncertainties affecting the Company s results of
operations and financial condition, the Company does not assume any obligation
to update or supplement any particular forward looking statements contained in
this document. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 

41 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009
 and 2008 

43-44 

For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008,
 and 2007: 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

42 

Consolidated Share Owner s Equity 

45 

Consolidated Cash Flows 

46 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

47 

Selected Quarterly Financial Data 

97 

40 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Directors
and Share Owner of 

 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. 

We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related
consolidated statements of results of operations, share owners equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2009. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the
Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the consolidated results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement
schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken
as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein. 

We also have audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 10,
2010 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been retrospectively adjusted for the adoption of a new
accounting standard which changed the presentation of noncontrolling interests
in subsidiaries. 

/s/
 Ernst Young LLP 

Toledo,
 Ohio 

February 10,
 2010 

41 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. 

 Dollars in
millions, except per share amounts 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net
 sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

Manufacturing,
 shipping, and delivery 

(5,582.6 

(6,208.1 

(5,971.4 

Gross
 profit 

1,483.9 

1,676.6 

1,595.3 

Selling
 and administrative expense 

(506.4 

(511.9 

(520.6 

Research,
 development, and engineering expense 

(58.8 

(66.6 

(65.8 

Interest
 expense 

(221.7 

(253.0 

(348.6 

Interest
 income 

28.6 

38.6 

42.3 

Equity
 earnings 

52.6 

50.8 

34.1 

Royalties
 and net technical assistance 

12.9 

18.6 

19.7 

Other
 income 

11.2 

9.5 

16.4 

Other
 expense 

(297.0 

(154.2 

(151.2 

Earnings
 from continuing operations before income taxes 

505.3 

808.4 

621.6 

Provision
 for income taxes 

(154.7 

(237.9 

(147.8 

Earnings
 from continuing operations 

350.6 

570.5 

473.8 

Net
 earnings of discontinued operations 

3.0 

Gain
 on sale of discontinued operations 

6.8 

1,038.5 

Net
 earnings 

350.6 

577.3 

1,515.3 

Net
 earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.7 

Net
 earnings attributable to the Company 

314.6 

507.1 

1,455.6 

Amounts
 attributable to the Company: 

Earnings
 from continuing operations 

314.6 

500.3 

414.3 

Net
 earnings of discontinued operations 

2.8 

Gain
 on sale of discontinued operations 

6.8 

1,038.5 

Net
 earnings 

314.6 

507.1 

1,455.6 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash, including time deposits of 561.4 307.5 in
 2008) 

811.7 

379.5 

Short-term investments 

0.9 

25.0 

Receivables, less allowances of 36.5 39.7 in
 2008) for losses and discounts 

1,004.2 

988.8 

Inventories 

900.3 

999.5 

Prepaid expenses 

79.6 

51.9 

Total current assets 

2,796.7 

2,444.7 

Other assets: 

Equity investments 

114.3 

101.7 

Repair parts inventories 

125.1 

132.5 

Prepaid pension 

46.3 

Deposits, receivables, and other assets 

521.7 

444.5 

Goodwill 

2,381.0 

2,207.5 

Total other assets 

3,188.4 

2,886.2 

Property, plant, and equipment: 

Land, at cost 

248.5 

248.1 

Buildings and equipment, at cost: 

Buildings and building equipment 

1,175.8 

1,078.4 

Factory machinery and equipment 

4,771.6 

4,345.3 

Transportation, office, and miscellaneous
 equipment 

131.1 

114.6 

Construction in progress 

291.9 

196.7 

6,618.9 

5,983.1 

Less accumulated depreciation 

3,876.6 

3,337.5 

Net property, plant, and equipment 

2,742.3 

2,645.6 

Total assets 

8,727.4 

7,976.5 

43 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Owens-Illinois Group, Inc.
(continued) 

 Millions
of dollars 

December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Liabilities and Share Owners 
 Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term loans 

302.3 

375.6 

Accounts payable 

863.2 

838.2 

Salaries and wages 

170.8 

141.6 

U.S. and foreign income taxes 

39.8 

78.7 

Other accrued liabilities 

433.5 

376.0 

Long-term debt due within one year 

49.7 

18.2 

Total current liabilities 

1,859.3 

1,828.3 

Long-term debt 

3,257.5 

2,931.4 

Deferred taxes 

186.3 

77.6 

Pension benefits 

577.6 

741.8 

Nonpension postretirement
 benefits 

266.7 

239.7 

Other liabilities 

358.5 

369.0 

Share owners equity: 

Common stock, par value .01 per share, 1,000
 shares authorized, 100 shares issued and outstanding 

Other contributed capital 

782.8 

940.0 

Retained earnings 

2,531.1 

2,216.5 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(1,290.6 

(1,620.6 

Total share owner s equity of the Company 

2,023.3 

1,535.9 

Noncontrolling interests 

198.2 

252.8 

Total share owners equity 

2,221.5 

1,788.7 

Total liabilites and share owners equity 

8,727.4 

7,976.5 

See accompanying
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

44 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED
SHARE OWNERS EQUITY Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

Share Owner s Equity of the Company 

Years
 ended December 31, 

Total Share 
 Owners 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 and Other 
 Contributed 
 Capital 

Retained 
 Earnings 
 (Deficit) 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 

Non- 
 controlling 
 Interests 

Balance on January 1, 2007 

1,250.9 

1,384.7 

253.8 

(594.2 

206.6 

Net distribution to parent 

(274.3 

(274.3 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

1,515.3 

1,455.6 

59.7 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

339.3 

325.3 

14.0 

Pension and other postretirement benefit
 adjustments, net of tax 

63.8 

63.8 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments,
 net of tax 

28.2 

28.2 

Total comprehensive income 

1,946.6 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on
 subsidiary common stock 

(28.6 

(28.6 

Balance on December 31, 2007 

2,894.6 

1,110.4 

1,709.4 

(176.9 

251.7 

Net distribution to parent 

(170.4 

(170.4 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

577.3 

507.1 

70.2 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

(451.4 

(431.9 

(19.5 

Pension and other postretirement benefit
 adjustments, net of tax 

(978.9 

(978.9 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments,
 net of tax 

(32.9 

(32.9 

Total comprehensive loss 

(885.9 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on
 subsidiary common stock 

(49.6 

(49.6 

Balance on December 31, 2008 

1,788.7 

940.0 

2,216.5 

(1,620.6 

252.8 

Net distribution to parent 

(157.2 

(157.2 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

350.6 

314.6 

36.0 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

200.5 

228.9 

(28.4 

Pension and other postretirement benefit
 adjustments, net of tax 

70.5 

70.5 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments,
 net of tax 

30.6 

30.6 

Total comprehensive income 

652.2 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on
 subsidiary common stock 

(62.2 

(62.2 

Balance on December 31, 2009 

2,221.5 

782.8 

2,531.1 

(1,290.6 

198.2 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

45 

Table
of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Operating activities: 

Net earnings 

350.6 

577.3 

1,515.3 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.7 

Net earnings of discontinued operations 

(2.8 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

(6.8 

(1,038.5 

Non-cash charges (credits): 

Depreciation 

374.8 

431.0 

423.4 

Amortization of intangibles and other deferred
 items 

21.1 

28.9 

28.9 

Amortization of finance fees and debt discount 

10.4 

7.9 

8.6 

Deferred tax provision 

51.9 

21.0 

3.2 

Non-cash tax benefit 

(20.7 

Restructuring and asset impairment 

213.6 

133.3 

100.3 

Other 

107.2 

140.0 

78.7 

Cash paid for restructuring 

(68.3 

(48.9 

(17.8 

Change in non-current operating assets 

21.3 

1.4 

(7.4 

Reduction of non-current liabilities 

(178.9 

(90.1 

(67.6 

Change in components of working capital 

143.3 

(158.6 

36.2 

Cash provided by continuing operating activities 

990.3 

966.2 

1,000.8 

Cash provided by discontinued operating activities 

11.3 

Total cash provided by operating activities 

990.3 

966.2 

1,012.1 

Investing activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and equipment -
 continuing 

(427.6 

(361.7 

(292.5 

Additions to property, plant, and equipment -
 discontinued 

(23.3 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(5.4 

(9.8 

Advances to affiliate 

1.6 

(1.6 

Net cash proceeds from divestitures and other 

13.4 

(13.9 

1,770.0 

Cash provided by (utilized in) investing activities 

(418.0 

(377.2 

1,444.4 

Financing activities: 

Additions to long-term debt 

1,080.1 

686.4 

406.4 

Repayments of long-term debt 

(609.7 

(695.4 

(2,093.2 

Net change in payable to parent 

(221.9 

(250.0 

(300.0 

Distribution to parent 

(183.3 

(199.9 

(305.8 

Decrease in short-term loans 

(79.4 

(20.6 

(21.5 

Net receipts (payments) for hedging activity 

14.3 

(45.2 

5.7 

Payment of finance fees 

(14.0 

(6.3 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(62.2 

(49.6 

(28.6 

Cash utilized in financing activities 

(76.1 

(574.3 

(2,343.3 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 

(64.0 

(22.9 

51.8 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

432.2 

(8.2 

165.0 

Cash at beginning of year 

379.5 

387.7 

222.7 

Cash at end of year 

811.7 

379.5 

387.7 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

46 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Tabular
data dollars in millions, except per share amounts 

1. Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of
Consolidated Statements The consolidated financial
statements of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. Company include the accounts
of its subsidiaries. Newly acquired
subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial statements from
dates of acquisition. 

The Company uses the
equity method of accounting for investments in which it has a significant
ownership interest, generally 20 to 50 . 
Other investments are accounted for at cost. The Company monitors other than temporary
declines in fair value and records reductions in carrying values when appropriate. 

R esults of
operations for the plastics packaging business sold during 2007 have been presented as a discontinued
operation. The format of the Company s 2007 consolidated income statements has
been reclassified to conform to the presentation used in the current
period. The individual captions within
the financial statements did not change. 

The format of the Company s consolidated cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 has been reclassified to
conform to the 2009 presentation. 
Amounts related to cash paid for restructuring activities have been
reclassified from changes in working capital and non-current liabilities and
are now shown separately. 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through
February 10, 2010, the date the financial statements were issued. 

Relationship with Owens-Illinois, Inc. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Owens-Illinois, Inc. OI Inc. ). 
Although OI Inc. does not conduct any operations, it has
substantial obligations related to outstanding indebtedness and
asbestos-related payments. OI Inc. relies primarily on distributions from
its direct and indirect subsidiaries to meet these obligations. 

For federal and certain
state income tax purposes, the taxable income of the Company is included in the
consolidated tax returns of OI Inc. and income taxes are allocated to the
Company on a basis consistent with separate returns. Current income taxes are recorded by the
Company on a basis consistent with separate returns. 

Newly Adopted Financial Statement
Pronouncements Effective January 1, 2009, the Company
adopted the provisions of a new accounting standard which changed the
presentation of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. The format of the
Company s consolidated results of operations, consolidated share owners 
equity, and consolidated cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008
and 2007, and consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2008 have been
reclassified to conform to the new presentation which is required to be applied
retrospectively. 

Nature of
Operations The Company is a leading manufacturer of
glass container products. The Company s
principal product lines are glass containers for the food and beverage
industries. The Company has glass
container operations located in 21 countries. 
The principal markets and operations for the Company s products are in
Europe, North America, South America, and Australia. 

Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that
affect certain amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results may differ from
those estimates, at which time the Company would revise its estimates 

47 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

accordingly. For further information on certain of the
Company s significant estimates relative to contingent liabilities, see Note
16. 

Cash The Company defines cash as cash and time
deposits with maturities of three months or less when purchased. Outstanding checks in excess of funds on
deposit are included in accounts payable. 

Fair
Value Measurements Fair value is defined as an exit price,
representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. Generally accepted
accounting principles defined a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1: 
Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

 Level
2: Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets,
that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

 Level
3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no
market data, which requires the Company to develop assumptions. 

The carrying amounts
reported for cash, short-term investments and short-term loans approximate fair
value. In addition, carrying amounts
approximate fair value for certain long-term debt obligations subject to
frequently redetermined interest rates. 
Fair values for the Company s significant fixed rate debt obligations
are generally based on published market quotations. 

The Company s derivative
assets and liabilities consist of interest rate swaps, natural gas forwards,
and foreign exchange option and forward contracts. The Company uses an income approach to
valuing these contracts. Interest rate
yield curves, natural gas forward rates, and foreign exchange rates are the
significant inputs into the valuation models. 
These inputs are observable in active markets over the terms of the
instruments the Company holds, and accordingly, the Company classifies its
derivative assets and liabilities as Level 2 in the hierarchy. The Company also evaluates counterparty risk
in determining fair values. 

Derivative Instruments The Company uses
currency swaps, interest rate swaps, options, and commodity futures contracts
to manage risks generally associated with foreign exchange rate, interest rate
and commodity market volatility. Derivative financial instruments are
included on the balance sheet at fair value. 
Whenever possible, derivative instruments are designated
as and are effective as hedges, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 
If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist, all changes in
fair value of the related derivatives that have not been settled are recognized
in current earnings. The Company does
not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes and is not
a party to leveraged derivatives. Cash flows from fair value hedges of debt and
short-term forward exchange contracts are classified as a financing activity. Cash flows of currency swaps, interest rate
swaps, and commodity futures contracts are classified as operating activities.
See Note 8 for additional information related to derivative instruments. 

Inventory
Valuation The Company values most U.S. inventories at
the lower of last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost or market. Other inventories are valued at the lower of
standard costs (which approximate average costs) or market. 

Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of cost over
fair value of assets of businesses acquired. 
Goodwill is evaluated annually, as of October 1, for impairment or
more frequently if an impairment indicator exists. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Intangible
Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets Intangible
assets are amortized over the expected useful life of the asset. Amortization expense directly attributed to
the manufacturing of the Company s products is included in manufacturing,
shipping, and delivery. Amortization
expense related to non-manufacturing activities is included in selling and
administrative and other. The Company evaluates the recoverability of
intangible assets and other long-lived assets based on undiscounted projected
cash flows, excluding interest and taxes, when factors indicate that impairment
may exist. If impairment exists, the
asset is written down to fair value. 

Property,
Plant, and Equipment Property, plant, and equipment PP E is carried
at cost and includes expenditures for new facilities and equipment and those
costs which substantially increase the useful lives or capacity of existing
PP E. In general, depreciation is
computed using the straight-line method and recorded over the estimated useful
life of the asset. Factory machinery and
equipment is depreciated over periods ranging from 5 to 25 years with the
majority of such assets (principally glass-melting furnaces and forming machines)
depreciated over 7-15 years. Buildings
and building equipment are depreciated over periods ranging from 10 to 50
years. Depreciation expense directly attributed to the manufacturing of the
Company s products is included in manufacturing, shipping, and delivery. Depreciation expense related to
non-manufacturing activities is included in selling and administrative.
Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Costs assigned to PP E of acquired
businesses are based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company evaluates the recoverability of
property, plant, and equipment based on undiscounted projected cash flows,
excluding interest and taxes, when factors indicate that impairment may exist. If impairment exists, the asset is written
down to fair value. 

Revenue
Recognition The Company recognizes sales, net of
estimated discounts and allowances, when the title to the products and risk of
loss are transferred to customers. 
Provisions for rebates to customers are provided in the same period that
the related sales are recorded. 

Shipping
and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs are included with
manufacturing, shipping, and delivery costs in the Consolidated Results of
Operations. 

Income
Taxes on Undistributed Earnings In general, the Company plans to continue to
reinvest the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and foreign
corporate joint ventures accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly, taxes are provided only on that
amount of undistributed earnings in excess of planned reinvestments. 

Foreign
Currency Translation The assets and liabilities of
substantially all subsidiaries and associates are translated at current
exchange rates and any related translation adjustments are recorded directly in
share owners equity. 

Accounts
Receivable Receivables are stated at amounts
estimated by management to be the net realizable value. The Company charges off accounts receivable
when it becomes apparent based upon age or customer circumstances that amounts
will not be collected. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts is
established through charges to the provision for bad debts. The Company evaluates the adequacy of the
allowance for doubtful accounts on a periodic basis. The evaluation includes historical trends in
collections and write-offs, management s judgment of the probability of
collecting accounts and management s evaluation of business risk. 

New
Accounting Standards In June 2009,
the FASB issued a new standard which amends certain guidance for determining
whether an entity is a variable interest entity (VIE). An enterprise is
required to 

49 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

perform
an analysis to determine whether the Company s variable interests give it a
controlling financial interest in a VIE. A company would be required to assess
whether it has an implicit financial responsibility to ensure that a VIE
operates as designed when determining whether it has the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic
performance. In addition, the new provisions require ongoing reassessments of
whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. The new provisions
are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2009. The Company does not expect the adoption of this Statement to have an
impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Stock Options and
Other Stock-Based Compensation 
The Company participates in OI Inc. s five non-qualified plans, which
are described more fully in Note 11. Costs resulting from all share-based payment
transactions are required to be recognized in the financial statements. A public entity is required to measure the
cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized over the required
service period (usually the vesting period). 
No compensation cost is recognized for equity instruments for which
employees do not render the required service. 

The fair value of each
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following assumptions: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Range of expected lives of options (years) 

4.75 

4.75 

4.75 

Range of expected stock price volatilities 

42.0 -52.0 

29.0 -39.8 

37.1 -40.0 

Weighted average expected stock price volatilities 

46.3 

31.4 

39.9 

Range of risk-free interest rates 

1.3 -2.1 

1.5 -3.7 

4.1 -4.6 

Expected dividend yield 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

The expected life of
options is based on the assumption that, on average, options will be exercised
at the mid-point between the vesting date and the expiration date. The expected stock price volatility is
determined by reference to historical prices over a period equal to the
expected life. 

The fair value of other
equity awards, consisting of restricted shares and performance vested
restricted share units, is equal to the quoted market value at the time of
grant. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Supplemental Cash Flow Information Changes in the components of working capital related
to operations (net of the effects related to acquisitions and divestitures)
were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Decrease (increase) in current assets: 

Receivables 

(3.3 

57.8 

(16.5 

Inventories 

151.9 

(74.1 

63.0 

Prepaid expenses and other 

(18.4 

35.2 

(21.4 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

32.6 

(56.7 

(2.9 

Accrued liabilities 

(17.7 

(52.9 

(63.2 

Salaries and wages 

20.4 

(37.2 

38.3 

U.S. and foreign income taxes 

(22.2 

(30.7 

24.5 

143.3 

(158.6 

21.8 

Continuing operations 

143.3 

(158.6 

36.2 

Discontinued operations 

(14.4 

143.3 

(158.6 

21.8 

Interest paid in
cash, including note repurchase premiums in 2009 and 2007, aggregated 195.1
million for 2009, 251.9 million for 2008, and 452.4 million for 2007. 

Income taxes paid
(received) in cash were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

(1.7 

(1.2 

31.8 

Foreign 

196.0 

162.5 

151.1 

194.3 

161.3 

182.9 

3. Inventories Major classes
of inventory are as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Finished goods 

741.5 

831.7 

Work in process 

0.8 

0.8 

Raw materials 

106.6 

109.8 

Operating supplies 

51.4 

57.2 

900.3 

999.5 

If the inventories which
are valued on the LIFO method had been valued at standard costs, which
approximate current costs, consolidated inventories would be higher than
reported by 42.6 million and 32.5 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

51 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inventories which are
valued at the lower of standard costs (which approximate average costs) or
market at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were approximately 772.6 million and
 861.7 million, respectively. 

4. Equity
Investments Summarized information pertaining to the
Company s equity associates follows: 

2009 

2008 

At end of year: 

Equity in undistributed earnings: 

Foreign 

44.5 

32.0 

Domestic 

25.8 

19.6 

Total 

70.3 

51.6 

2009 

2008 

2007 

For the year: 

Equity in earnings: 

Foreign 

12.5 

14.1 

5.3 

Domestic 

40.1 

36.7 

28.8 

Total 

52.6 

50.8 

34.1 

Dividends received 

33.8 

24.5 

21.7 

52 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Summarized combined financial information for
equity associates is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

At end of year: 

Current assets 

218.0 

208.3 

Non-current assets 

314.1 

325.9 

Total assets 

532.1 

534.2 

Current liabilities 

138.5 

167.5 

Other liabilities and deferred items 

145.9 

137.9 

Total liabilities and deferred items 

284.4 

305.4 

Net assets 

247.7 

228.8 

2009 

2008 

2007 (a) 

For the year: 

Net sales 

548.6 

635.8 

535.9 

Gross profit 

199.6 

227.5 

176.5 

Net earnings 

158.0 

153.9 

112.4 

(a) Amounts for 2007
exclude the Company s Caribbean investment due to the impairment recorded
during 2007. 

The
Company s significant equity method investments include: (1) 50 of the common shares of Vetri
Speciali SpA, a specialty glass manufacturer; (2) a 25 partnership
interest in General Chemical Soda Ash (Partners), a soda ash supplier; and (3) a
50 partnership interest in Rocky Mountain Bottle Company, a glass container
manufacturer. 

53 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. Debt The following
table summarizes the long-term debt of the Company at December 31, 2009
and 2008: 

2009 

2008 

Secured Credit Agreement: 

Revolving Credit Facility: 

Revolving Loans 

18.7 

Term Loans: 

Term Loan A (160.0 million AUD at Dec. 31,
 2009) 

143.9 

155.7 

Term Loan B 

189.5 

191.5 

Term Loan C (110.8 million CAD at Dec. 31,
 2009) 

105.4 

90.9 

Term Loan D 189.5 million at Dec. 31, 2009) 

273.5 

269.6 

Senior Notes: 

8.25 , due 2013 

460.4 

470.0 

6.75 , due 2014 

400.0 

400.0 

6.75 , due 2014 225 million) 

324.7 

316.8 

7.375 , due 2016 

582.1 

6.875 , due 2017 300 million) 

432.9 

422.4 

Payable to OI Inc. 

278.3 

509.5 

Other 

116.5 

113.4 

Total long-term debt 

3,307.2 

2,958.5 

Less amounts due within one year 

49.7 

18.2 

Long-term debt 

3,257.5 

2,940.3 

On June 14, 2006,
the Company s subsidiary borrowers entered into the Secured Credit Agreement
(the Agreement ). At December 31,
2009, the Agreement included a 900.0 million revolving credit facility, a
160.0 million Australian dollar term loan, and a 110.8 million Canadian dollar
term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 15, 2012. It also included a 189.5 million term loan
and a 189.5 million term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 14,
2013. During 2009, the Company s
subsidiary borrowers repaid 65.0 million Australian dollars, 2.0 million and
 2.0 million of term loans under the Agreement. 

As a result of the
2008 bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and several of its
subsidiaries, the Company believes that the maximum amount available under the
revolving credit facility was reduced by 32.3 million. After further deducting amounts attributable
to letters of credit and overdraft facilities that are supported by the
revolving credit facility, at December 31, 2009 the Company s subsidiary
borrowers had unused credit of 760.0 million available under the Agreement. 

The Agreement
contains various covenants that restrict, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, the ability of the Company to incur certain liens, make
certain investments and acquisitions, become liable under contingent
obligations in certain defined instances only, make restricted junior payments,
make certain asset sales within guidelines and limits, make capital
expenditures beyond a certain threshold, engage in material transactions with
shareholders and affiliates, participate in sale and leaseback financing
arrangements, alter its fundamental business, amend certain outstanding debt
obligations, and prepay certain outstanding debt obligations. 

The Agreement also
contains one financial maintenance covenant, a Leverage Ratio, that requires
the Company not to exceed a ratio calculated by dividing consolidated total
debt, less cash and cash equivalents, by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, as
defined in the Agreement. The Leverage
Ratio could 

54 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

restrict the
ability of the Company to undertake additional financing to the extent that
such financing would cause the Leverage Ratio to exceed the specified maximum. 

Failure to comply
with these covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default under
the Agreement. In such an event, the
Company could not request borrowings under the revolving facility, and all
amounts outstanding under the Agreement, together with accrued interest, could
then be declared immediately due and payable. 
If an event of default occurs under the Agreement and the lenders cause
all of the outstanding debt obligations under the Agreement to become due and
payable, this would result in a default under a number of other outstanding
debt securities and could lead to an acceleration of obligations related to
these debt securities. A default or event
of default under the Agreement, indentures or agreements governing other
indebtedness could also lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt
instruments that contain cross acceleration or cross-default provisions. 

The leverage ratio
also determines pricing under the Agreement. 
The interest rate on borrowings under the Agreement is, at the Company s
option, the Base Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, as defined in the
Agreement. These rates include a margin
linked to the leverage ratio and the borrowers senior secured debt
rating. The margins range from 0.875 to
1.75 for Eurocurrency Rate loans and from -0.125 to 0.75 for Base Rate
loans. In addition, a facility fee is payable
on the revolving credit facility commitments ranging from 0.20 to 0.50 per
annum linked to the leverage ratio. The
weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Agreement at
December 31, 2009 was 2.40 . As of December 31,
2009, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and restrictions in the
Agreement. In addition, the Company
believes that it will remain in compliance and that its ability to borrow funds
under the Agreement will not be adversely affected by the covenants and
restrictions. 

Borrowings under
the Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company s
domestic subsidiaries and certain foreign subsidiaries, which have a book value
of approximately 2.7 billion. 
Borrowings are also secured by a pledge of intercompany debt and equity
in most of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and stock of certain foreign
subsidiaries. All borrowings under the
agreement are guaranteed by substantially all domestic subsidiaries of the
Company for the term of the Agreement. 

During the second quarter
of 2008, the Company used cash from operations and borrowings under the
Agreement to retire 250 million principal amount of 7.35 Senior Notes which
matured in May 2008. 

During May 2009,
a subsidiary of the Company issued senior notes with a face value of 600.0
million at 96.72 of face value for an effective interest rate of 8.00 . The notes bear interest at 7.375 and are due
May 15, 2016. The notes are
guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries. The net proceeds, after deducting commissions
and expenses from the notes, approximated 568 million and were used to repurchase
 221.9 million of intercompany debt with OI Inc. and to reduce borrowings under
the revolving credit facility. The
balance of the proceeds increased cash. 
As a part of the issuance of these notes and the related debt repayment,
the Company recorded additional interest charges in 2009 of 5.2 million for
note repurchase premiums and the related write-off of unamortized finance fees,
net of a gain from the termination of related interest rate swap agreements. 

During October 2006,
the Company entered into a European accounts receivable securitization program,
which had a limit of 250 million at December 31, 2009. The program extends through October 2011,
subject to annual renewal of backup credit lines. In addition, the Company participates in a
receivables financing program in the Asia Pacific region with a revolving
funding commitment of 89 million Australian dollars and 10 million New Zealand
dollars that expire February 2010 and November 2010, respectively. 

55 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Information
related to the Company s accounts receivable securitization program as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Balance (included in short-term loans) 

289.0 

293.7 

Weighted average interest rate 

2.52 

5.31 

The Company
capitalized 16.8 million and 25.6 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively,
under capital lease obligations with the related financing recorded as long
term debt. These amounts are included in
other in the long-term debt table above. 

Annual maturities
for all of the Company s long-term debt through 2014 are as follows: 2010, 49.7 million; 2011, 136.1 million;
2012, 165.4 million; 2013, 932.3 million; and 2014, 736.4 million. 

Fair values at December 31,
2009, of the Company s significant fixed rate debt obligations were as follows: 

Principal Amount 

Indicated 

Fair Value 

(millions of 

Market 

(millions of 

dollars) 

Price 

dollars) 

Senior Notes: 

8.25 , due 2013 

450.0 

103.35 

465.1 

6.75 , due 2014 

400.0 

102.25 

409.0 

6.75 , due 2014 225 million) 

324.7 

98.33 

319.3 

7.375 , due 2016 

600.0 

104.00 

624.0 

6.875 , due 2017 300 million) 

432.9 

96.97 

419.8 

6. Operating Leases Rent expense attributable to all warehouse,
office buildings and equipment operating leases was 110.2 million in 2009,
 98.9 million in 2008, and 92.8 million in 2007. Minimum future rentals under operating leases
are as follows: 2010, 60.8 million;
2011, 45.2 million; 2012, 32.6 million; 2013, 22.3 million; 2014, 14.5
million; and 2015 and thereafter, 23.6 million. 

7. Foreign Currency Transactions Aggregate foreign currency exchange gains
(losses) included in other expense were (29.2) million in 2009, 0.6 million
in 2008, and (8.1) million in 2007. 

During 2009, the Company
entered into a series of parallel market transactions to exchange Venezuelan
bolivars into U.S. dollars. In the
parallel market, bolivars were valued significantly lower than the official
government rate, giving rise to exchange losses from such transactions. As a result, the Company recognized foreign
currency exchange losses of 28.0 million for the year. 

56 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. Derivative Instruments The Company has certain derivative assets and
liabilities which consist of interest rate swaps, natural gas forwards, and
foreign exchange option and forward contracts. 
The Company records derivative assets and liabilities at fair value and
classifies them as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Interest Rate Swaps Designated as Fair Value Hedges 

In the fourth quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of
2004, the Company entered into a series of interest rate swap agreements with a
total notional amount of 700 million that were to mature in 2010
and 2013. The swaps were executed in order to: (i) convert a portion
of the senior notes and senior debentures fixed-rate debt into floating-rate
debt; (ii) maintain a capital structure containing appropriate amounts of
fixed and floating-rate debt; and (iii) reduce net interest payments and
expense in the near-term. 

The Company s
fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps were accounted for as fair value hedges.
Because the relevant terms of the swap agreements matched the corresponding
terms of the notes, there was no hedge ineffectiveness. Accordingly, the
Company recorded the net of the fair market values of the swaps as a long-term
asset (liability) along with a corresponding net increase (decrease) in the
carrying value of the hedged debt. 

For derivative
instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the change in
the fair value of the derivative instrument related to the future cash flows
(gain or loss on the derivative) as well as the offsetting change in the fair
value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in
current earnings. The Company includes
the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e. long-term debt) in the same line
item (interest expense) as the offsetting loss or gain on the related interest
rate swaps. 

During the second quarter
of 2009, the Company extinguished 221.9 million of its intercompany debt with
OI Inc. and terminated the related interest rate swap agreements for proceeds
of 5.0 million. The Company recognized
 4.4 million of the proceeds as a reduction of interest expense upon the
termination of the interest rate swap agreements, while the remaining 0.6
million is recorded as an adjustment to the debt and will be recognized as a
reduction of interest expense over the remaining life of the outstanding intercompany
debt due 2010. See Note 5 for additional
information. 

During the second quarter
of 2009, the Company s interest rate swaps related to the 450 million senior
notes due 2013 were terminated. The
Company received proceeds of 12.4 million which were recorded as an adjustment
to debt and will be recognized as a reduction of interest expense over the
remaining life of the senior notes due 2013. 

As of December 31,
2009, the balance of unamortized proceeds from terminated interest rate swaps
included in long-term debt was 10.6 million. 

57 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of the
interest rate swaps on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in Interest 
 Expense 

2009 

2008 

Interest rate swaps 

(11.0 

26.1 

Related long-term debt 

11.0 

(26.1 

Proceeds recognized and amortized for terminated
 interest rate swaps 

6.7 

Net impact on interest expense 

6.7 

Commodity Futures Contracts
Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 

The Company enters into
commodity futures contracts related to forecasted natural gas requirements, the
objectives of which are to limit the effects of fluctuations in the future
market price paid for natural gas and the related volatility in cash flows. The
Company continually evaluates the natural gas market with respect to its
forecasted usage requirements over the next twelve to twenty-four months and
periodically enters into commodity futures contracts in order to hedge a
portion of its usage requirements over that period. At December 31, 2009,
the Company had entered into commodity futures contracts covering approximately
4,800,000 MM BTUs over that period. 

The Company accounts for
the above futures contracts as cash flow hedges at December 31, 2009 and
recognizes them on the balance sheet at fair value. The effective portion of
changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as, and meets the
required criteria for, a cash flow hedge is recorded in the Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income component of share owners equity OCI and reclassified
into earnings in the same period or periods during which the underlying hedged
item affects earnings. At December 31, 2009, an unrecognized loss of 1.3
million (pretax) related to the commodity futures contracts was included in
Accumulated OCI, and will be reclassified into earnings over the next twelve to
twenty-four months. Any material portion
of the change in the fair value of a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge
that is deemed to be ineffective is recognized in current earnings. The ineffectiveness related to these natural
gas hedges for the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 was not material. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of the
commodity futures contracts on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Reclassified from 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Accumulated OCI into 

Recognized in OCI on 

Income (reported in 

Commodity Futures
 Contracts 

manufacturing, shipping, and 

(Effective Portion) 

delivery) (Effective Portion) 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(24.8) 

(27.2 

(60.9 

5.7 

Senior Notes Designated as Net
Investment Hedge 

During December 2004,
a U.S. subsidiary of the Company issued Senior Notes totaling 225
million. These notes were designated by
the Company s subsidiary as a hedge of a portion of its net investment in a
non-U.S. subsidiary with a Euro functional currency. Because the amount of the Senior Notes
matches the hedged portion of the net investment, there is no hedge
ineffectiveness. Accordingly, the Company recorded the impact of changes in the
foreign currency exchange rate on the Euro-denominated notes in OCI. The amount recorded in OCI will be
reclassified into earnings when the Company sells or liquidates its net
investment in the non-U.S. subsidiary. 

The effect of the net
investment hedge on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Location of Gain (Loss) 

Reclassified from Accumulated 

Recognized in OCI 

Reclassified from Accumulated 

OCI into Income 

2009 

2008 

OCI into Income 

2009 

2008 

(8.8) 

15.2 

N/A 

Forward Exchange Contracts not
Designated as Hedging Instruments 

The Company s
subsidiaries may enter into short-term forward exchange or option agreements to
purchase foreign currencies at set rates in the future. These agreements are
used to limit exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for
significant planned purchases of fixed assets or commodities that are
denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries functional currency.
Subsidiaries may also use forward exchange agreements to offset the foreign
currency risk for receivables and payables, including intercompany receivables
and payables, not denominated in, or indexed to, their functional currencies.
The Company records these short-term forward exchange agreements on the balance
sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value are recognized in current
earnings. 

At December 31,
2009, various subsidiaries of the Company had outstanding forward exchange and
option agreements denominated in various currencies covering the equivalent of
approximately 1.0 billion related primarily to intercompany transactions and
loans. 

59 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of the forward
exchange contracts on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Loss 

Location of Loss 

Recognized in Income on 

Recognized in Income on 

Forward Exchange Contracts 

Forward Exchange Contracts 

2009 

2008 

Other expense 

(8.3 

(4.2 

Balance Sheet Classification 

The Company records the
fair values of derivative financial instruments on the balance sheet as
follows: (1) receivables if the instrument has a positive fair value and
maturity within one year, (2) deposits, receivables, and other assets if
the instrument has a positive fair value and maturity after one year, (3) accounts
payable and other current liabilities if the instrument has a negative fair
value and maturity within one year, and (4) other liabilities if the
instrument has a negative fair value and maturity after one year. The following table shows the amount and
classification of the Company s derivatives as of December 31, 2009 and
2008: 

2009 

2008 

Balance Sheet 

Fair 

Balance Sheet 

Fair 

Location 

Value 

Location 

Value 

Asset Derivatives: 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Interest rate swaps 

Deposits,
 receivables, and other assets 

29.4 

Commodity futures contracts 

Receivables 

0.4 

Commodity futures contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

0.1 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

0.5 

29.4 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Receivables 

6.0 

Receivables 

19.4 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

0.2 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments 

6.2 

19.4 

Total asset derivatives 

6.7 

48.8 

Liability Derivatives: 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Commodity futures contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

1.8 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

37.4 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

1.8 

37.4 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

2.9 

Receivables 

0.4 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

11.6 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 liabilities 

0.1 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments 

2.9 

12.1 

Total liability derivatives 

4.7 

49.5 

60 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 The components of
comprehensive income are: (a) net earnings; (b) change in fair value
of certain derivative instruments; (c) pension and other postretirement
benefit adjustments; and (d) foreign currency translation
adjustments. The net effect of exchange
rate fluctuations generally reflects changes in the relative strength of the
U.S. dollar against major foreign currencies between the beginning and end of
the year. 

The following table lists
the beginning balance, yearly activity and ending balance of each component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net Effect of 
 Exchange Rate 
 Fluctuations 

Deferred Tax 
 Effect for 
 Translation 

Unfunded 
 Pension 
 Liability 

Change in 
 Certain 
 Derivative 
 Instruments 

Employee 
 Benefit Plans 

Total 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Balance on January 1, 2007 

168.0 

12.7 

(122.9 

(34.9 

(617.1 

(594.2 

2007 Change 

325.3 

28.2 

79.1 

432.6 

Translation effect 

(6.7 

(6.7 

Reclass 

122.9 

2.2 

(125.1 

Tax effect 

(8.6 

(8.6 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2007 

493.3 

12.7 

(4.5 

(678.4 

(176.9 

2008 Change 

(431.9 

(32.9 

(1,080.1 

(1,544.9 

Translation effect 

46.1 

46.1 

Tax effect 

55.1 

55.1 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2008 

61.4 

12.7 

(37.4 

(1,657.3 

(1,620.6 

2009 Change 

228.9 

36.1 

133.5 

398.5 

Translation effect 

(33.7 

(33.7 

Tax effect 

(14.1 

(14.1 

Intraperiod tax allocation 

(5.5 

(15.2 

(20.7 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2009 

290.3 

12.7 

(6.8 

(1,586.8 

(1,290.6 

Exchange rate
fluctuations in 2009 include a loss of 132.5 million related to the Company s
decision to translate the balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries using
the parallel market rate at December 31, 2009 instead of the historic
official rate. See Note 20 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

The intraperiod tax
allocation in 2009 related to a non-cash tax benefit transferred to continuing
operations. See Note 10 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

10. Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect: (1) the
net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax purposes; and (2) carryovers and credits for income tax
purposes. 

61 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued) 

Significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31,
2009 and 2008 are as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Deferred tax assets: 

Accrued postretirement benefits 

87.8 

84.0 

Foreign tax credit 

312.0 

295.5 

Tax loss and credit carryovers 

392.8 

342.9 

Capital loss carryovers 

24.7 

23.7 

Alternative minimum tax credits 

25.2 

20.5 

Accrued liabilities 

169.5 

159.3 

Pension liability 

127.2 

181.0 

Other 

69.9 

26.5 

Total deferred tax assets 

1,209.1 

1,133.4 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant, and equipment 

148.7 

151.1 

Inventory 

12.0 

13.4 

Other 

67.3 

49.3 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

228.0 

213.8 

Valuation allowance 

(926.0 

(874.1 

Net deferred taxes 

55.1 

45.5 

Deferred
taxes are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009
and 2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Prepaid
 expenses 

7.9 

24.1 

Deposits,
 receivables, and other assets 

233.5 

99.0 

Deferred
 taxes 

(186.3 

(77.6 

Net
 deferred taxes 

55.1 

45.5 

The
Company reviews the likelihood that it will realize the benefit of its deferred
tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly
basis, or whenever events indicate that a review is required. In determining
the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected
financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net
deferred tax asset is considered, along with other positive and negative
evidence. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
following details the valuation allowance activity: 

Year 

Beginning 
 Year Balance 

Foreign Currency 
 Translation 

Other Changes 

Goodwill 

Comprehensive 
 Income 

Ending Year 
 Balance 

2007 

(1,021.6 

(17.4 

432.9 

24.9 

12.7 

(568.5 

2008 

(568.5 

21.6 

1.0 

0.6 

(328.8 

(874.1 

2009 

(874.1 

(12.6 

(85.8 

46.5 

(926.0 

In
2007, the Company reduced the valuation allowance recorded against its deferred
tax assets in the United States by 506.3 million through the utilization of
net operating and capital loss carryforwards. 

The
provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Current: 

U.S.
 Federal 

0.7 

(2.7 

State 

(0.5 

0.6 

31.1 

Foreign 

123.3 

213.0 

145.2 

123.5 

210.9 

176.3 

Deferred: 

U.S.
 Federal 

(20.4 

14.6 

8.0 

State 

(2.5 

(0.8 

1.0 

Foreign 

54.1 

8.4 

(1.7 

31.2 

22.2 

7.3 

Total: 

U.S.
 Federal 

(19.7 

11.9 

8.0 

State 

(3.0 

(0.2 

32.1 

Foreign 

177.4 

221.4 

143.5 

154.7 

233.1 

183.6 

Total
 for continuing operations 

154.7 

237.9 

147.8 

Total
 for discontinued operations 

(4.8 

35.8 

154.7 

233.1 

183.6 

63 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued) 

The
provision (benefit) for income taxes was calculated based on the following
components of earnings (loss) before income taxes: 

Continuing
 operations 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

(35.0 

109.4 

(65.7 

Foreign 

540.3 

699.0 

687.3 

505.3 

808.4 

621.6 

Discontinued
 operations 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

2.0 

(1.1 

Foreign 

1.7 

2.0 

0.6 

A
reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes based on the
statutory U.S. Federal tax rate of 35 to the provision for income taxes is as
follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Tax
 provision (benefit) on pretax earnings (loss) from continuing operations at
 statutory U.S. Federal tax rate 

176.9 

282.9 

217.6 

Increase
 (decrease) in provision for income taxes due to: 

Valuation
 allowance - U.S. 

10.7 

(16.9 

(506.3 

Foreign
 subsidiary ownership restructuring and incentives 

10.8 

35.1 

535.9 

Foreign
 source income taxable in the U.S. 

6.1 

11.3 

29.3 

Intraperiod
 tax allocation - U.S. 

(20.7 

Reversal
 of non-U.S. tax valuation allowance 

(0.9 

(13.4 

Foreign
 tax credit utilization 

(40.4 

State
 taxes, net of federal benefit 

5.0 

(2.9 

Rate
 differences on non-U.S. earnings 

(22.4 

(55.3 

(65.7 

Adjustment
 for non-U.S. tax law changes 

(0.6 

(20.1 

(9.9 

Other
 items 

(5.2 

(4.1 

3.6 

Provision
 for income taxes 

154.7 

237.9 

147.8 

Income
tax expense or benefit from continuing operations is generally determined
without regard to other categories of earnings, such as other comprehensive
income. An exception is provided when
there is aggregate pretax income from other categories and a pretax loss from
continuing operations in the current year. 
In such an instance, the tax benefit allocated to continuing operations
is the amount by which the loss from continuing operations reduces the tax
expenses recorded with respect to the other categories of earnings, even when a
valuation allowance has been established against the deferred tax assets. In instances where a valuation allowance is
established against current year losses, income from other sources, including
other comprehensive income, is considered when determining whether sufficient
future taxable income exists to realize the deferred tax assets. During 2009, other comprehensive income was
partially offset by certain pretax losses from continuing operations as a
result of the exception noted 

64 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

above,
resulting in a reduction of the current year valuation allowance and a benefit
allocated to income tax expense from continuing operations of 20.7 million. 

In
2007 the Company implemented a plan to restructure the ownership and
intercompany obligations of certain foreign subsidiaries. These actions
resulted in the taxation of a significant portion of previously unremitted
foreign earnings. The Company also
realigned its debt service obligations to operations outside the U.S. in order
to better balance its future operating cash flows with its global financing
costs. The foreign earnings reported as taxable in the U.S. were offset by net
operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits. Foreign tax credit
carryforwards arising from the restructuring were fully offset by an increase
in the valuation allowance. 

The
Company has recognized tax benefits as a result of incentives in certain
non-U.S. jurisdictions which expire between 2012 to 2015. 

At
December 31, 2009, before valuation allowance, the Company has unused
research tax credits of 17.8 million expiring from 2013 to 2029 and foreign
tax credits of 312.0 million expiring in 2017. The Company also has unused
alternative minimum tax credits of 25.2 million which do not expire and which
will be available to offset future U.S. Federal income tax. Approximately
 107.8 million of the deferred tax assets relate to net operating and capital
loss carryforwards that can be carried over indefinitely with the remaining
 140.3 million expiring between 2010 and 2029. 
As a result of U.S. tax legislation enacted in 2008 and 2009, the
Company realized 2.3 million and 2.1 million, respectively, of benefits from
its research and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards. The related valuation on these credits was
reduced accordingly. 

At
December 31, 2009, the Company s equity in the undistributed earnings of
foreign subsidiaries for which income taxes had not been provided approximated
 1,823.4 million. The Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely
in the non-U.S. operations. It is not practicable to estimate the U.S. and
foreign tax which would be payable should these earnings be distributed. 

The
Company records a liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain
tax positions. In 2008, the Company reclassified 28.5 million of deferred tax
assets related to general business credits and net operating losses that were
previously offset by a full valuation allowance to the liability for
unrecognized tax benefits. This balance sheet reclassification had no effect on
share owners equity. The Company accrues interest and penalties associated
with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax expense. 

The
following is a reconciliation of the Company s total gross unrecognized tax
benefits for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Balance
 at January 1 

103.1 

53.0 

45.8 

Additions
 for tax positions of prior years 

20.1 

51.2 

0.1 

Reductions
 for tax positions of prior years 

(2.1 

(2.5 

Additions
 based on tax positions related to the current year 

17.1 

6.1 

11.0 

Reductions
 due to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations 

(4.1 

(3.1 

(1.4 

Foreign
 currency translation 

(7.8 

Reductions
 due to settlements 

(2.0 

Balance
 at December 31 

128.4 

103.1 

53.0 

65 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits were 23.2 million and 14.5 million,
respectively. Tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007 included interest and penalties of 10.6 million, 10.7 million and
 0.6 million, respectively, on unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
unrecognized tax benefit liability, including interest and penalties, as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 was 151.6 million and 117.6 million respectively. Approximately
 97.3 million and 72.7 million as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively, relate to unrecognized tax benefits, which if recognized, would
impact the Company s effective income tax rate. 
This amount differs from the gross unrecognized tax benefits presented
in the table above because of the unrecognized tax benefits that would result
in the utilization of certain tax attribute carryforwards that are currently
subject to a full valuation allowance due to uncertainties about their future
period utilization. 

The
Company and/or one of its subsidiaries files a U.S. federal income tax return
as well as income tax returns in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax years through 1999 have been settled with
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. An
IRS examination for the years 2007 and 2008 began in late 2009. Due to the existence of tax attribute
carryforwards (which are currently offset by full valuation allowances) in the
U.S., the Company treats certain post-1999 tax positions as unsettled because
of the taxing authorities ability to modify these attributes. The 2000 tax year is the earliest open year
for the Company s other major tax jurisdictions. 

The
Company does not anticipate a significant change in the total amount of
unrecognized income tax benefits within the next twelve months. 

11. Stock Options and Other Stock Based
Compensation The Company participates in OI Inc. s five
nonqualified plans under which OI Inc. has granted stock options, restricted
shares and performance vested restricted share units: (1) the Stock Option Plan for Key
Employees of Owens-Illinois, Inc.; (2) the Stock Option Plan for
Directors of Owens-Illinois, Inc.; (3) the 1997 Equity Participation
Plan of Owens-Illinois, Inc.; (4) the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan for
Directors of Owens-Illinois, Inc.; and (5) the 2005 Equity Incentive
Plan of Owens-Illinois, Inc. At December 31, 2009, there were
7,254,749 shares authorized and available for grants under these plans. Total compensation cost for all grants of
shares and units under all of these plans was 20.2 million 18.2 million
after tax) for the year ended December 31, 2009. Total compensation cost for grants of shares
and units was 21.4 million 19.1 million after tax) in 2008 and 23.6 million 21.9 million after tax) in 2007. 

Stock Options 

For
options granted prior to March 22, 2005, no options may be exercised in
whole or in part during the first year after the date granted. In general,
subject to accelerated exercisability provisions related to the performance of
OI Inc. s common stock or change of control, 50 of the options become
exercisable on the fifth anniversary of the date of the option grant, with the
remaining 50 becoming exercisable on the sixth anniversary date of the option
grant. In general, options expire following
termination of employment or the day after the tenth anniversary date of the
option grant. 

For
options granted after March 21, 2005, no options may be exercised in whole
or in part during the first year after the date granted. In general, subject to change in control,
these options become exercisable 25 per year beginning on the first
anniversary. In general, options expire
following termination of employment or the seventh anniversary of the option
grant. 

The
fair value of options granted before March 22, 2005, is amortized ratably
over five years or a shorter period if the grant becomes subject to accelerated
exercisability provisions related to the performance of 

66 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

OI
Inc. s common stock. The fair value of
options granted after March 21, 2005, is amortized over the vesting
periods which range from one to four years. 

Stock
option information at December 31, 2009 and for the year then ended is as
follows: 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Remaining 

Number of 

Exercise 

Contractual 

Aggregate 

Shares 

Price 

Term 

Intrinsic 

(thousands) 

(per share) 

(years) 

Value 

Options
 outstanding at January 1, 2009 

3,213 

23.56 

Granted 

1,644 

10.30 

Exercised 

(417 

16.80 

Forfeited
 or expired 

(379 

23.03 

Options
 outstanding at Dec. 31, 2009 

4,061 

18.93 

4.8 

56.6 

Options
 vested or expected to vest at Dec. 31, 2009 

4,009 

18.93 

4.8 

55.9 

Options
 exercisable at Dec. 31, 2009 

1,800 

20.55 

3.7 

24.2 

Certain additional
information related to stock options is as follows for the periods indicated: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Weighted
 average grant-date fair value of options granted (per share) 

4.23 

16.21 

9.87 

Aggregate
 intrinsic value of options exercised 

3.3 

17.3 

44.5 

Aggregate
 cash received from options exercised 

7.0 

14.5 

62.8 

Restricted Shares 

Shares
granted to employees prior to March 22, 2005, generally vest after three
years or upon retirement, whichever is later. 
Shares granted after March 21, 2005, vest 25 per year beginning on
the first anniversary and unvested shares are forfeited upon termination of
employment. Shares granted to directors
prior to 2008 were immediately vested but may not be sold until the third anniversary
of the share grant or the end of the director s then current term on the board,
whichever is later. Shares granted to
directors after 2007 vest after one year. 

The
fair value of the shares is equal to the market price of the shares on the date
of the grant. The fair value of
restricted shares granted before March 22, 2005, is amortized ratably over
the vesting period. The fair value of
restricted shares granted after March 21, 2005, is amortized over the
vesting periods which range from one to four years. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted
share activity is as follows: 

Weighted 

Number of 

Average 

Restricted 

Grant-Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

(thousands) 

(per share) 

Nonvested at January 1, 2009 

492 

22.63 

Granted 

267 

11.85 

Vested 

(148 

25.13 

Forfeited 

(42 

24.93 

Nonvested at Dec. 31, 2009 

569 

16.73 

Awards granted during 2008 

52.02 

Awards granted during 2007 

26.07 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Total
 fair value of shares vested 

3.5 

2.9 

10.9 

Performance Vested Restricted Share Units 

Restricted
share units vest on January 1 of the third year following the year in
which they are granted. Holders of
vested units receive 0.5 to 1.5 shares of OI Inc. s common stock for each unit,
depending upon the attainment of consolidated performance goals established by
the Compensation Committee of OI Inc. s Board of Directors. If minimum goals are not met, no shares will
be issued. Granted but unvested
restricted share units are forfeited upon termination of employment, unless
certain retirement criteria are met. 

The
fair value of each restricted share unit is equal to the product of the fair
value of OI Inc. s common stock on the date of grant and the estimated number
of shares into which the restricted share unit will be converted. The fair value of restricted share units is
amortized ratably over the vesting period. 
Should the estimated number of shares into which the restricted share
unit will be converted change, an adjustment will be recorded to recognize the
accumulated difference in amortization between the revised and previous
estimates. 

68 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Performance
vested restricted share unit activity is as follows: 

Weighted 

Number of 

Average 

Restricted 

Grant-Date 

Shares Units 

Fair Value 

(thousands) 

(per unit) 

Nonvested at January 1, 2009 

886 

26.51 

Granted 

844 

10.30 

Vested 

(403 

18.24 

Forfeited 

(58 

19.25 

Nonvested at Dec. 31, 2009 

1,269 

18.68 

Awards granted during 2008 

52.23 

Awards granted during 2007 

24.18 

2009 

Number of shares issued
 to holders of vested units (thousands) 

605 

Fair
 value of shares at issuance date 

6.1 

As
of December 31, 2009, there was 19.6 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to all unvested stock options, restricted shares and
performance vested restricted share units. 
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
approximately four years. 

12. Pension Benefit Plans and Other
Postretirement Benefits 

Pension Benefit Plans 

Net expense (income) to
results of operations for all of the Company s pension plans and certain
deferred compensation arrangements amounted to 42.2 million in 2009, (3.5)
million in 2008, and 24.9 million in 2007. 

The Company has defined
benefit pension plans covering a substantial number of employees located in the
United States, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Canada and Australia, as
well as many employees in Germany and France. 
Benefits generally are based on compensation for salaried employees and
on length of service for hourly employees. 
The Company s policy is to fund pension plans such that sufficient
assets will be available to meet future benefit requirements. The Company s defined benefit pension plans
use a December 31 measurement date. 
The following tables relate to the Company s principal defined benefit
pension plans. 

69 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The changes in the pension benefit obligations for the year were
as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Obligations at beginning of year 

3,435.4 

3,817.7 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Service cost 

41.8 

46.3 

Interest cost 

213.2 

215.2 

Actuarial (gain) loss, including effect
 of changing discount rates 

247.6 

(108.5 

Curtailments 

(2.8 

(9.5 

Special termination benefits 

8.6 

4.4 

Settlements 

(30.3 

Participant contributions 

7.4 

8.8 

Benefit payments 

(252.8 

(257.8 

Plan amendments 

3.0 

Foreign currency translation 

133.5 

(284.2 

Net change in benefit obligations 

366.2 

(382.3 

Obligations at end of year 

3,801.6 

3,435.4 

The changes in the fair
value of the pension plans assets for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Fair value at beginning of year 

2,706.9 

4,084.9 

Change in fair value: 

Actual gain (loss) on plan assets 

625.1 

(973.2 

Benefit payments 

(252.8 

(257.8 

Employer contributions 

123.1 

61.2 

Participant contributions 

7.4 

8.8 

Foreign currency translation 

108.2 

(213.7 

Settlements 

(30.3 

Other 

(3.7 

(3.3 

Net change in fair value of assets 

577.0 

(1,378.0 

Fair value at end of year 

3,283.9 

2,706.9 

70 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The funded status of the
pension plans at year end was as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Plan assets at fair value 

3,283.9 

2,706.9 

Projected benefit obligations 

3,801.6 

3,435.4 

Plan assets less than projected benefit
 obligations 

(517.7 

(728.5 

Items not yet recognized in pension expense: 

Actuarial loss 

1,640.6 

1,748.1 

Prior service credit 

(14.8 

(15.6 

1,625.8 

1,732.5 

Net amount recognized 

1,108.1 

1,004.0 

The net amount recognized
is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and
2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Prepaid pension 

46.3 

Current pension liability, included with Other
 accrued liabilities 

(9.2 

(8.0 

Noncurrent pension liability, included with
 Pension benefits 

(554.8 

(720.5 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

1,625.8 

1,732.5 

Net amount recognized 

1,108.1 

1,004.0 

The following changes in
plan assets and benefit obligations were recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income at December 31, 2009 as follows: 

Tax 

Pretax 

Effect 

After-tax 

Current year actuarial loss 

(111.3 

9.9 

(101.4 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

(44.5 

1.4 

(43.1 

Amortization of prior service credit 

0.7 

(0.2 

0.5 

(155.1 

11.1 

(144.0 

Translation 

34.7 

(155.1 

11.1 

(109.3 

The accumulated benefit
obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was 3,505.8 million and
 3,157.0 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

71 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The components of the net
pension expense (income) for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

41.8 

46.3 

54.0 

Interest cost 

213.2 

215.2 

212.0 

Expected asset return 

(276.6 

(318.3 

(317.6 

Settlement cost 

9.3 

18.6 

Special termination benefits 

8.6 

4.4 

Curtailment (gain) loss 

2.0 

0.1 

(1.5 

Other 

(1.2 

5.1 

Amortization: 

Prior service credit 

(0.9 

(1.1 

(0.8 

Actuarial loss 

43.9 

30.3 

38.2 

Net amortization 

43.0 

29.2 

37.4 

Net expense (income) 

41.3 

(24.3 

8.0 

Total for continuing operations 

41.3 

(24.3 

3.4 

Total for discontinued operations 

4.6 

41.3 

(24.3 

8.0 

Amounts that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net pension expense
during 2010: 

Amortization: 

Actuarial loss 

91.8 

Prior service cost 

(1.0 

Net amortization 

90.8 

The following information
is for plans with projected and accumulated benefit obligations in excess of
the fair value of plan assets at year end: 

2009 

2008 

Projected benefit obligations 

3,275.8 

3,435.4 

Fair value of plan assets 

2,711.7 

2,706.9 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

3,036.3 

3,157.0 

72 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine benefit obligations were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Discount rate 

5.76 

6.29 

Rate of compensation increase 

4.00 

4.34 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine net periodic pension costs were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Discount rate 

6.29 

5.87 

5.49 

Rate of compensation increase 

4.34 

4.32 

4.34 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 

7.61 

8.09 

8.08 

Future benefits are
assumed to increase in a manner consistent with past experience of the plans,
which, to the extent benefits are based on compensation, includes assumed salary
increases as presented above. 
Amortization included in net pension expense (credits) is based on the
average remaining service of employees. 

For 2009, the Company s
weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets was 7.61 . In developing this assumption, the Company
evaluated input from its third party pension plan asset managers, including
their review of asset class return expectations and long-term inflation
assumptions. The Company also considered
its historical 10-year average return (through December 31, 2008), which
was in line with the expected long-term rate of return assumption for 2009. 

It is the Company s
policy to invest pension plan assets in a diversified portfolio consisting of
an array of asset classes within established target asset allocation
ranges. The investment risk of the
assets is limited by appropriate diversification both within and between asset
classes. The assets for both the U.S.
and non-U.S. plans are primarily invested in a broad mix of domestic and international
equities, domestic and international bonds, and real estate, subject to the
target asset allocation ranges. The
assets are managed with a view to ensuring that sufficient liquidity will be
available to meet expected cash flow requirements. 

The investment valuation policy of the Company is to value investments
at fair value. All investments are
valued at their respective net asset values. Equity securities for which market
quotations are readily available are valued at the last reported sales price on
their principal exchange on valuation date or official close for certain
markets. Fixed income investments are
valued on a basis of valuations furnished by a trustee-approved independent
pricing service, which determines valuations for normal institutional-size
trading units of such securities which are generally recognized at fair value
as determined in good faith by the Trustee. 
Investments in registered investment companies or collective pooled
funds are valued at their respective net asset values. Short-term investments are stated at
amortized cost, which approximates fair value. 
The fair value of real estate is determined by periodic appraisals. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value
hierarchy, the Company s pension plan assets at fair value as of December 31,
2009: 

Target 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Allocation 

Cash and cash equivalents 

35.8 

10.0 

45.8 

Equity securities 

405.8 

1,553.1 

1,958.9 

49-59 

Debt securities 

515.2 

684.4 

8.8 

1,208.4 

28-38 

Real estate 

10.9 

10.9 

1-11 

Other 

54.4 

5.5 

59.9 

2-12 

Total
 assets at fair value 

1,011.2 

2,253.0 

19.7 

3,283.9 

The following is a
reconciliation of the Company s pension plan assets recorded at fair value
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

29.1 

Net decrease 

(9.4 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

19.7 

The net decrease in the
fair value of the Company s Level 3 pension plan assets is primarily due to
sales of unlisted real estate funds. The
change in the fair value of Level 3 pension plan assets due to actual return on
those assets was immaterial in 2009. 

Based on exchange rates
at the end of 2009, the Company expects to contribute approximately 10 million
to 15 million to its non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans in 2010. 

The following estimated
future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate,
are expected to be paid in the years indicated: 

Year(s) 

Amount 

2010 

251.4 

2011 

247.5 

2012 

250.2 

2013 

252.4 

2014 

256.0 

2015 - 2019 

1,294.7 

The Company also sponsors
several defined contribution plans for all salaried and hourly U.S.
employees. Participation is voluntary
and participants contributions are based on their compensation. The Company matches contributions of
participants, up to various limits, in substantially all plans. Company 

74 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

contributions to these
plans amounted to 7.2 million in 2009, 7.1 million in 2008, and 6.7 million
in 2007. 

Postretirement Benefits Other
Than Pensions 

The Company provides
certain retiree health care and life insurance benefits covering substantially
all U.S. salaried and certain hourly employees, and substantially all employees
in Canada and in The Netherlands. 
Employees are generally eligible for benefits upon retirement and
completion of a specified number of years of creditable service. The Company uses a December 31
measurement date to measure its Postretirement Benefit Obligations. 

The changes in the postretirement benefit obligations for the year were
as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Obligations at beginning of year 

260.3 

309.5 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Service cost 

1.8 

2.2 

Interest cost 

16.4 

17.2 

Actuarial (gain) loss, including the effect of
 changing discount rates 

21.7 

(30.0 

Curtailments 

(2.9 

Special termination benefits 

0.9 

Benefit payments 

(22.2 

(19.9 

Foreign currency translation 

11.0 

(16.7 

Net change in benefit obligations 

28.7 

(49.2 

Obligations at end of year 

289.0 

260.3 

The funded status of the postretirement benefit plans at year end was
as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Postretirement benefit obligations 

289.0 

260.3 

Items not yet recognized in net postretirement
 benefit cost: 

Prior service credit 

17.5 

20.7 

Actuarial loss 

(56.9 

(39.7 

(39.4 

(19.0 

Net amount recognized 

249.6 

241.3 

75 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The net amount recognized
is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and
2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Current
 nonpension postretirement benefit, included with Other accrued liabilities 

(22.3 

(22.3 

Nonpension postretirement benefits 

(266.7 

(238.0 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

39.4 

19.0 

Net amount recognized 

(249.6 

(241.3 

The following changes in
benefit obligations were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
at December 31, 2009 as follows: 

Tax 

Pretax 

Effect 

After-tax 

Current year actuarial gain 

22.4 

(2.2 

20.2 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

(3.9 

(3.9 

Amortization of prior service credit 

3.1 

3.1 

21.6 

(2.2 

19.4 

Translation 

(1.0 

21.6 

(2.2 

18.4 

The components of the net
postretirement benefit cost for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

1.8 

2.2 

3.0 

Interest cost 

16.4 

17.2 

17.4 

Curtailment gain 

(14.9 

Special termination benefit 

0.9 

Other 

Amortization: 

Prior service credit 

(3.1 

(3.1 

(3.8 

Actuarial loss 

3.9 

6.2 

5.8 

Net amortization 

0.8 

3.1 

2.0 

Net postretirement benefit cost 

19.0 

23.4 

7.5 

Total for continuing operations 

19.0 

23.4 

20.7 

Total for discontinued operations 

(13.2 

19.0 

23.4 

7.5 

76 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Amounts that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net postretirement
benefit cost during 2010: 

Amortization: 

Actuarial loss 

5.3 

Prior service credit 

(3.1 

Net amortization 

2.2 

The weighted average
discount rate used to determine the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation was 5.66 and 6.40 at December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

The weighted average
discount rate used to determine net postretirement benefit cost was 6.40 ,
5.86 , and 5.56 at December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. 

The weighted average
assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31 were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 

8.29 

7.38 

Rate
 to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 

5.00 

5.67 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

2015 

2010 

Assumed health care cost
trend rates affect the amounts reported for the postretirement benefit
plans. A one-percentage-point change in
assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 

1-Percentage- 

1-Percentage- 

Point Increase 

Point Decrease 

Effect on total of service and interest cost 

1.4 

(1.1 

Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligations 

18.6 

(15.7 

Amortization included in
net postretirement benefit cost is based on the average remaining service of
employees. 

77 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following estimated future
benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are
expected to be paid in the years indicated: 

Year(s) 

Amount 

2010 

22.3 

2011 

22.3 

2012 

22.2 

2013 

22.1 

2014 

22.0 

2015 - 2019 

107.4 

Benefits provided by the
Company for certain hourly retirees are determined by collective
bargaining. Most other domestic hourly
retirees receive health and life insurance benefits from a multi-employer trust
established by collective bargaining. 
Payments to the trust as required by the bargaining agreements are based
upon specified amounts per hour worked and were 7.2 million in 2009, 8.9
million in 2008, and 7.4 million in 2007. 
Postretirement health and life benefits for retirees of foreign
subsidiaries are generally provided through the national health care programs
of the countries in which the subsidiaries are located. 

13. Other Expense 
 Other expense for the year ended December 31,
2009 included the following: 

The Company
recognized foreign currency exchange losses of 28.0 million related to the
exchange of Venezuelan bolivars into U.S. dollars. See Note 7 for additional information. 

During the
fourth quarter of 2009, the Company recorded charges of 17.3 million 17.6
million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for the remeasurement of
certain bolivar-denominated assets and liabilities held outside of
Venezuela. See Note 20 for additional
information. 

The Company
recorded charges totaling 213.6 million 182.8 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. The charges reflect the additional decisions
reached in the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing
footprint. See Note 14 for additional
information. 

Other expense for the
year ended December 31, 2008 included the
following: 

The Company
recorded charges totaling 132.4 million 110.1 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. The charges reflect the additional decisions
reached in the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing
footprint. See Note 14 for additional
information. 

During 2008, the Company also recorded an
additional 0.9 million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the
Company) related to the impairment of the Company s equity investment in the
South American Segment s 50 -owned Caribbean affiliate. 

78 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other costs and expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2007 included the following: 

In the South
American Segment s 50 -owned Caribbean affiliate, declining productivity and
cash flows resulted in impairment of the Company s equity investment,
establishment of valuation allowances against advances to the affiliate, and
accrual of certain contingent obligations for total charges of 45.0 million 43.9 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) recorded in 2007
with an additional 0.9 million (before and after tax amount attributable to
the Company) recorded in the first quarter of 2008. 

The Company
recorded charges totaling 55.3 million 40.2 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. The charges reflect the additional decisions
reached in the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing
footprint. See Note 14 for additional information. 

14. Restructuring Accruals Beginning in 2007, the Company commenced a strategic review of its
global profitability and manufacturing footprint. The combined 2007, 2008 and 2009 charges,
amounting to 401.3 million 333.1 million after tax amount attributable to
the Company), reflect the decisions reached through December 31, 2009 in
the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint. The
related curtailment of plant capacity and realignment of selected operations
will result in an overall reduction in the Company s workforce of approximately
3,250 jobs. Amounts recorded by the
Company do not include any gains that may be realized upon the ultimate sale or
disposition of closed facilities. 

The
Company s decisions to curtail selected production capacity have resulted in
write downs of certain long-lived assets to the extent their carrying amounts
exceeded fair value less cost to sell. 
The Company classified the significant assumptions used to determine the
fair value of the impaired assets, which was not material, as Level 3 in the
fair value hierarchy as set forth in the general accounting principles for fair
value measurements. 

The
Company also recorded liabilities for certain employee separation costs to be
paid under contractual arrangements and other exit costs. 

2007 

 During
the third and fourth quarters of 2007, the Company recorded charges totaling
 55.3 million 40.2 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for
restructuring and asset impairment in Europe and North America. The curtailment of plant capacity resulted in
elimination of approximately 560 jobs and a corresponding reduction in the
Company s workforce. 

2008 

 During
2008, the Company recorded charges totaling 132.4 million 110.1 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset
impairment across all segments as well as in Retained Corporate Costs and
Other. The curtailment of plant capacity
and realignment of selected operations resulted in elimination of approximately
1,240 jobs and a corresponding reduction in the Company s workforce. 

2009 

 During
2009, the Company recorded charges totaling 213.6 million 182.8 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset
impairment across all segments. The
curtailment of plant capacity will result in elimination of approximately 1,450
jobs and a corresponding reduction in the Company s workforce. 

79 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

As
of December 31, 2009, the Company has concluded its global manufacturing
footprint review, with the final actions to be implemented during the first
half of 2010. The Company expects that
the majority of the remaining estimated cash expenditures related to the above
charges will be paid out by the end of 2010. 

Selected
information related to the restructuring accrual is as follows: 

Employee 
 Costs 

Asset 
 Impairment 

Other 

Total 

2007
 Charges 

26.1 

22.3 

6.9 

55.3 

Write-down
 of assets to net realizable value 

(22.3 

(2.4 

(24.7 

Total
 restructuring accrual at December 31, 2007 

26.1 

4.5 

30.6 

2008
 charges 

70.1 

32.5 

29.8 

132.4 

Write-down
 of assets to net realizable value 

(32.5 

(4.7 

(37.2 

Net
 cash paid, principally severance and related benefits 

(35.6 

(7.2 

(42.8 

Other,
 principally foreign exchange translation 

(13.0 

(6.1 

(19.1 

Total
 restructuring accrual at December 31, 2008 

47.6 

16.3 

63.9 

2009
 charges 

116.3 

78.7 

18.6 

213.6 

Write-down
 of assets to net realizable value 

(78.7 

(78.7 

Net
 cash paid, principally severance and related benefits 

(60.8 

(7.5 

(68.3 

Other,
 principally foreign exchange translation 

(8.8 

(1.6 

(10.4 

Remaining
 restructuring accrual as of December 31, 2009 

94.3 

25.8 

120.1 

15. Additional Interest Charges from Early
Extinguishment of Debt 
During 2009, the Company recorded additional interest charges of 5.2
million (pretax and after tax) for note repurchase premiums and the write-off
of unamortized finance fees, net of a gain from the termination of interest
rate swap agreements, related to debt that was repaid prior to its
maturity. During 2007, the Company
recorded additional interest charges of 9.5 million 8.8 million after tax)
for note repurchase premiums and the write-off of unamortized finance fees
related to debt that was repaid prior to its maturity. 

16. Contingencies OI Inc. is one of a number of defendants in a substantial number of lawsuits filed in numerous state and federal courts by persons alleging bodily injury (including death) as a result of exposure to dust containing asbestos fibers. From 1948 to 1958, one of OI Inc. s former business units commercially produced and sold approximately 40 million of a high-temperature, calcium-silicate based pipe and block insulation material containing asbestos. OI Inc. exited the pipe and block insulation business in April 1958. The traditional asbestos personal injury lawsuits and claims relating to such production and sale of asbestos material typically allege various theories of liability, including negligence, gross negligence and strict liability and seek compensatory and in some cases, pun
itive damages in various amounts (herein referred to as asbestos claims ). The following table shows the approximate number of plaintiffs and claimants who had asbestos claims pending against OI Inc. at the beginning of each listed year, the number of claims disposed of during that year, the year s filings and the claims pending at the end of each listed year (eliminating duplicate filings): 

80 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Pending at beginning of year 

11,000 

14,000 

18,000 

Disposed 

10,000 

8,000 

13,000 

Filed 

6,000 

5,000 

9,000 

Pending at end of year 

7,000 

11,000 

14,000 

Based on an analysis of the lawsuits pending as of December 31, 2009, approximately 79 of plaintiffs either do not specify the monetary damages sought, or in the case of court filings, claim an amount sufficient to invoke the jurisdictional minimum of the trial court. Approximately 20 of plaintiffs specifically plead damages of 15 million or less, and 1 of plaintiffs specifically plead damages greater than 15 million but less than 100 million. Fewer than 1 of plaintiffs specifically plead damages 100 million or greater but less than 122 million. As in
dicated by the foregoing summary, current pleading practice permits considerable variation in the assertion of monetary damages. OI Inc. s experience resolving hundreds of thousands of asbestos claims and lawsuits over an extended period, demonstrates that the monetary relief which may be alleged in a complaint bears little relevance to a claim s merits or disposition value. Rather, the amount potentially recoverable is determined by such factors as the plaintiff s severity of disease, the product identification evidence against specific defendants, the defenses available to those defendants, the specific jurisdiction in which the claim is made, and the plaintiff s history of smoking or exposure to other possible disease-causative factors. In addition to t
he pending claims set forth above, OI Inc. has claims-handling agreements in place with many plaintiffs counsel throughout the country. These agreements require evaluation and negotiation regarding whether particular claimants qualify under the criteria established by such agreements. The criteria for such claims include verification of a compensable illness and a reasonable probability of exposure to a product manufactured by OI Inc. s former business unit during its manufacturing period ending in 1958. Some plaintiffs counsel have historically withheld claims under these agreements for later presentation while focusing their attention on active litigation in the tort system. OI Inc. believes that as of December 31, 2009 there are approximately 800 claims against other defendants which are likely to be asserted some time in the future against OI Inc.. These claims are not included in the pending lawsuits and claims totals set forth above. OI Inc. is also a defendant in other asbestos-related lawsuits or claims involving maritime workers, medical monitoring claimants, co-defendants and property damage claimants. Based upon its past experience, OI Inc. believes that these categories of lawsuits and claims will not involve any material liability and they are not included in the above description of pending matters or in the following description of disposed matters. Since receiving its first asbestos claim, OI Inc. as of December 31, 2009, has disposed of the asbestos claims of approximately 379,000 plaintiffs
 and claimants at an average indemnity payment per claim of approximately 7,500. Certain of these dispositions have included deferred amounts payable over a number of years. Deferred amounts payable totaled approximately 36.3 million at December 31, 2009 34.0 million at December 31, 2008) and are included in the foregoing average indemnity payment per claim. OI Inc. s indemnity payments for these claims have varied on a per claim basis, and are expected to continue to vary considerably over time. As discussed above, a part of OI Inc. s objective is to achieve, where possible, resolution of asbestos claims pursuant to claims-handling agreements. Failure of 

81 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

claimants to meet certain medical and product exposure criteria in OI Inc. s administrative claims handling agreements has generally reduced the number of marginal or suspect claims that would otherwise have been received. This may have the effect of increasing OI Inc. s per-claim average indemnity payment over time. OI Inc. believes that its ultimate asbestos-related liability (i.e., its indemnity payments or other claim disposition costs plus related legal fees) cannot reasonably be estimated. Beginning with the initial liability of 975 million established in 1993, OI Inc. has accrued a total of approximately 3.65 billion through 2009, before insurance recoveries, for its asbe
stos-related liability. OI Inc. s ability to reasonably estimate its liability has been significantly affected by the volatility of asbestos-related litigation in the United States, the inherent uncertainty of future disease incidence and claiming patterns, the expanding list of non-traditional defendants that have been sued in this litigation and found liable for substantial damage awards, the use of mass litigation screenings to generate new lawsuits, the large number of claims asserted or filed by parties who claim prior exposure to asbestos materials but have no present physical impairment as a result of such exposure, and the significant number of co-defendants that have filed for bankruptcy. OI Inc. has continued to monitor trends that may affect its ultimate liability a
nd has continued to analyze the developments and variables affecting or likely to affect the resolution of pending and future asbestos claims against OI Inc. The material components of OI Inc. s accrued liability are based on amounts determined by OI Inc. in connection with its annual comprehensive review and consist of the following estimates, to the extent it is probable that such liabilities have been incurred and can be reasonably estimated: (i) the liability for asbestos claims already asserted against OI Inc.; (ii) the liability for preexisting but unasserted asbestos claims for prior periods arising under its administrative claims-handling agreements with various plaintiffs counsel; (iii) the liability for asbestos claims not yet asserted against OI Inc., but which OI Inc. believes will be asserted in the next several years; and (iv) the legal defense costs likely to be incurred in connection with the foregoing types of claims. The significant assumptions underlying the material components of OI Inc. s accrual are: a) the extent to which settlements are limited to claimants who were exposed to OI Inc. s asbestos-containing insulation prior to its exit from that business in 1958; b) the extent to which claims are resolved under OI Inc. s
 administrative claims agreements or on terms comparable to those set forth in those agreements; c) the extent of decrease or increase in the incidence of serious disease cases and claiming patterns for such cases; d) the extent to which OI Inc. is able to defend itself successfully at trial; e) the extent to which courts and legislatures eliminate, reduce or permit the diversion of financial resources for unimpaired claimants and so-called forum shopping; f) the extent to which additional defendants with substantial resources and assets are required to participate significantly in the resolution of future asbestos lawsuits and claims; g) the number and timing of additional co-defendant bankruptcies; and h) the extent to which co-defendant bankruptcy trusts direct resources to resolve claims that are also presented to OI Inc. and the timing of the payments made by the bankruptcy trusts. 

82 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

As noted above, OI Inc. conducts a comprehensive review of its asbestos-related liabilities and costs annually in connection with finalizing and reporting its annual results of operations, unless significant changes in trends or new developments warrant an earlier review. If the results of an annual comprehensive review indicate that the existing amount of the accrued liability is insufficient to cover its estimated future asbestos-related costs, then OI Inc. will record an appropriate charge to increase the accrued liability. OI Inc. believes that a reasonable estimation of the probable amount of the liability for claims not yet asserted against OI Inc. is not possible beyond a period of several years. Therefore, while the results of future annual comprehensive reviews cannot be determined, OI Inc. expects the addition of one year to the estimation period will result in an annual charge. The ultimate legal and financial liability of OI Inc. with respect to the lawsuits and proceedings referred to above, in addition to other pending litigation, cannot reasonably be estimated. OI Inc. s reported results of operations for 2009 were materially affected by the 180.0 million (pretax and after tax) fourth quarter charge for asbestos-related costs and asbestos-related payments continue to be substantial. Any future additional charge would likewise materially affect OI Inc. s results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. Also, the continued use of significant amounts of cash for asbestos-related costs has affected and will continue to affect the Company s and OI Inc. s cost of borrowing and the ability to pursue global or domestic acqu
isitions. However, the Company believes that its operating cash flows and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund OI Inc. s asbestos-related payments and to fund the Company s working capital and capital expenditure requirements on a short-term and long-term basis. Other litigation is pending against the Company, in many cases involving ordinary and routine claims incidental to the business of the Company and in others presenting allegations that are non-routine and involve compensatory, punitive or treble damage claims as well as other types of relief. The Company records a liability for such matters when it is both probable that the liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Recorded amounts are reviewed 
and adjusted to reflect changes in the factors upon which the estimates are based including additional information, negotiations, settlements, and other events. 

 17. Segment Information The
Company has four reportable segments based on its four geographic
locations: (1) Europe; (2) North
America; (3) South America; (4) Asia Pacific. These four segments are aligned with the
Company s internal approach to managing, reporting, and evaluating performance
of its global glass operations. Certain
assets and activities not directly related to one of the regions or to glass
manufacturing are reported with Retained Corporate Costs and Other. These include licensing, equipment
manufacturing, global engineering, and non-glass equity investments. Retained Corporate Costs and Other also
includes certain headquarters administrative and facilities costs and certain
incentive compensation and other benefit plan costs that are global in nature
and are not allocable to the reportable segments. 

The
Company s measure of profit for its reportable segments is Segment Operating
Profit, which consists of consolidated earnings from continuing operations
before interest income, interest expense, and provision for income taxes and
excludes amounts related to certain items that management considers not
representative of ongoing operations as well as certain retained corporate
costs. The Company s management uses
Segment Operating Profit, in combination with selected cash flow information,
to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. 

Segment
Operating Profit for reportable segments includes an allocation of some
corporate expenses based on both a percentage of sales and direct billings
based on the costs of specific services provided. Beginning in 2008, the Company revised its
method of allocating corporate expenses. 
The Company decreased slightly the percentage allocation based on sales
and significantly expanded the number of 

83 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

functions
included in the allocation based on cost of services. It is not
practicable to quantify the net effect of these changes on periods prior to
2008. However, the effect for 2008 was to reduce the amount of retained
corporate costs by approximately 38.0 million. The information below is presented on a continuing operations basis,
and therefore, the 2007 amounts exclude amounts related to the discontinued
operations of the Company s former Plastics Packaging segment. See Note 19 for
more information. 

Financial information
regarding the Company s reportable segments is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net Sales: 

Europe 

2,917.6 

3,497.8 

3,298.7 

North America 

2,074.3 

2,209.7 

2,271.3 

South America 

1,104.1 

1,135.9 

970.7 

Asia Pacific 

925.0 

964.1 

934.3 

Reportable segment totals 

7,021.0 

7,807.5 

7,475.0 

Other 

45.5 

77.2 

91.7 

Net sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Segment
 Operating Profit: 

Europe 

332.6 

477.8 

433.0 

North America 

281.5 

185.2 

265.1 

South America 

250.6 

331.0 

254.9 

Asia Pacific 

131.3 

162.8 

154.0 

Reportable segment totals 

996.0 

1,156.8 

1,107.0 

Items excluded from Segment Operating Profit: 

Retained corporate costs and other 

(66.7 

(0.7 

(78.8 

Restructuring and asset impairments 

(213.6 

(133.3 

(100.3 

Charge for Venezuela currency remeasurement 

(17.3 

Interest income 

28.6 

38.6 

42.3 

Interest expense 

(221.7 

(253.0 

(348.6 

Earnings
 from continuing operations before income taxes 

505.3 

808.4 

621.6 

84 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Reportable 

Retained 

North 

South 

Asia 

Segment 

Corp Costs 

Consolidated 

Europe 

America 

America 

Pacific 

Totals 

and Other 

Totals 

Total assets: 

2009 

3,852.3 

1,899.8 

855.9 

1,683.0 

8,291.0 

436.4 

8,727.4 

2008 

3,758.4 

1,802.9 

976.2 

1,239.6 

7,777.1 

199.4 

7,976.5 

2007 

4,124.1 

1,946.9 

965.7 

1,558.1 

8,594.8 

729.8 

9,324.6 

Equity earnings: 

2009 

12.5 

14.2 

26.7 

25.9 

52.6 

2008 

14.1 

12.6 

26.7 

24.1 

50.8 

2007 

8.0 

10.4 

(2.7 

15.7 

18.4 

34.1 

Capital expenditures (1): 

2009 

Continuing 

169.7 

103.0 

66.9 

81.5 

421.1 

6.5 

427.6 

2008 

Continuing 

151.9 

90.5 

57.3 

57.6 

357.3 

4.4 

361.7 

2007 

Continuing 

129.2 

65.9 

51.1 

42.0 

288.2 

4.3 

292.5 

Discontinued 

23.3 

23.3 

Depreciation and amortization expense: 

2009 

Continuing 

178.6 

98.9 

50.1 

67.1 

394.7 

11.6 

406.3 

2008 

Continuing 

222.0 

98.7 

56.5 

80.4 

457.6 

10.2 

467.8 

2007 

Continuing 

210.3 

107.3 

54.3 

81.7 

453.6 

7.3 

460.9 

Discontinued 

23.3 

23.3 

(1) Excludes property, plant and equipment acquired through
acquisitions. 

85 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company s net
property, plant, and equipment by geographic segment are as follows: 

United 

States 

Foreign 

Total 

2009 

639.2 

2,103.1 

2,742.3 

2008 

679.5 

1,966.1 

2,645.6 

2007 

678.9 

2,271.1 

2,950.0 

The Company s net sales by geographic segment are as follows: 

United 

States 

Foreign 

Total 

2009 

1,877.5 

5,189.0 

7,066.5 

2008 

1,894.8 

5,989.9 

7,884.7 

2007 

1,920.6 

5,646.1 

7,566.7 

Operations
in individual countries outside the United States that accounted for more than
10 of consolidated net sales from continuing operations were in Italy (2009 -
10.4 , 2008 - 10.7 , 2007 - 10.1 and France (2009 - 13.0 , 2008 - 14.7 , 2007
- - 19.3 ). 

18. Goodwill The changes
in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2007,
2008 and 2009 are as follows: 

North 

Asia 

South 

America 

Europe 

Pacific 

America 

Other 

Total 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2007 

721.6 

1,017.0 

502.1 

14.5 

2,255.2 

Translation
 effects 

25.1 

115.3 

54.6 

195.0 

Other
 changes 

(1.1 

(13.0 

(8.0 

(22.1 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2007 

745.6 

1,119.3 

556.7 

6.5 

2,428.1 

Translation
 effects 

(28.8 

(58.2 

(123.1 

0.3 

(209.8 

Other
 changes 

(10.1 

(0.7 

(10.8 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2008 

716.8 

1,051.0 

433.6 

6.1 

2,207.5 

Translation
 effects 

18.9 

29.6 

124.8 

173.3 

Other
 changes 

0.2 

0.2 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2009 

735.7 

1,080.6 

558.4 

6.3 

2,381.0 

Goodwill
for the Asia Pacific segment is net of accumulated impairment losses of 494.0
million. 

During
the fourth quarters of 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company completed its annual
impairment testing and determined that no impairment existed. 

19. Discontinued Operations On July 31, 2007, the Company completed
the sale of its plastics packaging business to Rexam PLC for approximately
 1.825 billion in cash. In accordance with general accounting principles, the
Company has presented the results of operations for the plastics packaging 

86 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

business
in the Consolidated Results of Operations for the year ended December 31,
2007 as discontinued operations. Interest expense was allocated to the
discontinued operations based on debt that was required by an amendment to the
Secured Credit Agreement to be repaid from the net proceeds. Amounts for 2007
have been reclassified to conform to this presentation. 

The following summarizes the revenues
and expenses of the discontinued operations as reported in the consolidated
results of operations for the period indicated: 

Year ended 

December 31, 

2007 

Net sales 

455.0 

Manufacturing, shipping and delivery 

(343.5 

Gross profit 

111.5 

Selling and
 administrative 

(20.7 

Research, development and engineering 

(8.3 

Interest expense 

(80.6 

Other income 

(0.1 

Other expense 

(1.2 

Earnings before items
 below 

0.6 

Credit for income taxes 

2.4 

Earnings from
 discontinued operations 

3.0 

Gain on sale of
 discontinued operations 

1,038.5 

Net earnings from
 discontinued operations 

1,041.5 

Net earnings from
 discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(0.2 

Net earnings from discontinued
 operations attributable to the Company 

1,041.3 

The 2007 gain on the sale of
discontinued operations of 1,038.5 million includes charges totaling 62.1
million for debt retirement costs, consisting principally of redemption
premiums and write off of unamortized fees, and a gain of 8.7 million for
curtailment and settlement of pension and other postretirement benefits. The
gain also includes a net provision for income taxes of 38.2 million,
consisting of taxes on the gain of 445.0 million that are substantially offset
by a credit of 406.8 million for the reversal of valuation allowances against
existing tax loss carryforwards. The sale agreement provides for an adjustment
of the selling price based on working capital levels and certain other factors. 

The gain on sale of
discontinued operations of 6.8 million reported in 2008 relates to an
adjustment of the 2007 gain on the sale of the plastics packaging business
mainly related to finalizing certain tax allocations and an adjustment to the
selling price in accordance with procedures set forth in the final contract. 

20. Venezuelan Operations Venezuelan government restrictions on
transfers of cash out of the country have limited the Company s ability to
immediately access cash at the government s official exchange rate, which, as
of December 31, 2009, had remained fixed at 2.15 bolivars to the U.S.
dollar since early 2005. The Company has been able to obtain U.S. dollars at
the official rate to pay for some of its key raw 

87 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

materials
and other imports. However, in 2009, the Venezuelan government significantly
slowed the process of exchanging bolivars to U.S. dollars at the official rate.
As a result, the Company s cash balance in Venezuela increased as earnings
accumulated. The Company has the ability to access the cash in Venezuela more
quickly through a market-driven parallel exchange process which, at December 31,
2009, valued the bolivar about 60 lower than the official exchange rate. During
the last half of 2009, the Company entered into a series of parallel market
transactions in order to exchange Venezuelan bolivars into U.S. dollars, and
recognized foreign currency exchange losses of 28.0 million. The Company will
continue to pursue currency exchange at official rates to pay for its approved
imports and to remit earnings. However, it will also monitor conditions in
Venezuela and presently intends to continue transferring cash generated in the
country through parallel market transactions. 

Due
to the government restrictions on currency exchange in Venezuela discussed
above, the Company used the parallel market rate to translate the balance
sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009. The impact
of this change from the official exchange rate was an approximate 60 reduction
in the reported U.S. dollar amounts for all assets and liabilities of the
Company s Venezuelan subsidiaries, and a resulting 132.5 million charge
recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment component of other
comprehensive income and 45.9 million charge recorded against noncontrolling
interests. In addition, the Company remeasured certain bolivar-denominated
assets and liabilities held outside of Venezuela to the parallel market rate
and recorded a charge of 17.3 million in December 2009. The adoption of
the parallel market rate will have an adverse impact on the Company s South
American segment operating profit in future periods as most of the revenues and
costs of the Company s Venezuelan operations will be translated into fewer U.S.
dollars. The Company s Venezuelan operations represented approximately 40 of
the South American segment operating profit for 2009, including the 28.0
million foreign exchange losses recognized by the Company from the parallel
market transactions noted above. 

In
addition, inflation in Venezuela has continued at an accelerated rate, and,
beginning January 1, 2010, Venezuela s economy will be considered highly
inflationary. For accounting purposes, an economy is deemed to be highly
inflationary when the three-year cumulative rate of inflation exceeds 100 . Under
the highly-inflationary basis of accounting, the Company must adopt the U.S.
dollar as the functional currency for its Venezuelan operations as of January 1,
2010. Any subsequent movements in the bolivar to U.S. dollar exchange rate will
be recognized in the results of operations. In addition, monetary assets (such
as cash and receivables) and liabilities (such as payables and accruals) will
be remeasured at the end of each reporting period using the currency exchange
rate at that date. Because the Company has elected to adopt the parallel market
rate and because that rate is subject to market fluctuation, such remeasurement
will increase the volatility of reported results of operations. 

On
January 8, 2010, the Venezuelan government announced the devaluation of
the bolivar and the creation of a two-tiered official exchange rate. The
official exchange rate will move from 2.15 bolivars to the U.S. dollar to 2.60
for essential goods and 4.30 for non-essential goods. The Venezuelan government
also announced that it will intervene in the parallel exchange market. The
Company is still evaluating the impact of the bolivar devaluation on its
Venezuelan operations. The Company had been able to receive the official rate
of 2.15 for certain raw materials it imports into Venezuela, and believes that
it will receive the essential goods rate of 2.60 for these raw materials in the
future. 

21. Financial Information for Subsidiary Guarantors and Non-Guarantors The
following presents condensed consolidating financial information for the
Company, segregating: (1) Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. (the Parent (2) Owens-Brockway
Glass Container Inc. (the Issuer (3) those domestic subsidiaries that
guarantee the 8 , 6 , and 6 Euro Senior Notes of the Issuer (the Guarantor
Subsidiaries and (4) all other subsidiaries (the Non-Guarantor
Subsidiaries ). The Guarantor Subsidiaries are 100 owned direct and indirect
subsidiaries of the Parent and their guarantees are full, 

88 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

unconditional and joint
and several. The Parent is also a guarantor, and its guarantee is full,
unconditional and joint and several. 

Subsidiaries
of the Parent and of the Issuer are presented on the equity basis of
accounting. Certain reclassifications have been made to conform all of the
financial information to the financial presentation on a consolidated basis. The
principal eliminations relate to investments in subsidiaries and inter-company
balances and transactions. 

December 31,
 2009 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Balance Sheet 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Current assets: 

Accounts receivable 

73.1 

(8.7 

939.8 

1,004.2 

Inventories 

141.0 

0.5 

759.3 

(0.5 

900.3 

Other current assets 

74.4 

257.5 

560.2 

0.1 

892.2 

Total current assets 

288.5 

249.3 

2,259.3 

(0.4 

2,796.7 

Investments in and advances to subsidiaries 

2,301.4 

3,483.0 

(19.5 

(5,764.9 

Goodwill 

560.8 

9.5 

1,810.7 

2,381.0 

Other non-current assets 

137.4 

88.7 

578.8 

2.5 

807.4 

Total other assets 

2,301.4 

4,181.2 

78.7 

2,389.5 

(5,762.4 

3,188.4 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

606.2 

40.6 

2,095.5 

2,742.3 

Total assets 

2,301.4 

5,075.9 

368.6 

6,744.3 

(5,762.8 

8,727.4 

Current liabilities : 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

369.2 

46.8 

1,092.0 

(0.7 

1,507.3 

Short-term loans and long-term debt due within one
 year 

28.1 

0.3 

323.5 

0.1 

352.0 

Total current liabilities 

28.1 

369.5 

46.8 

1,415.5 

(0.6 

1,859.3 

Long-term debt 

250.0 

1,956.7 

17.7 

1,033.1 

3,257.5 

Other non-current liabilities 

79.6 

474.7 

834.9 

(0.1 

1,389.1 

Investments by and advances from parent 

2,670.1 

(170.6 

3,262.6 

(5,762.1 

Total share owner s equity of the Company 

2,023.3 

2,023.3 

Noncontrolling interests 

198.2 

198.2 

Total liabilities and share owners equity 

2,301.4 

5,075.9 

368.6 

6,744.3 

(5,762.8 

8,727.4 

89 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued) 

December 31,
 2008 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Balance Sheet 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Current assets: 

Accounts receivable 

67.2 

25.7 

895.9 

988.8 

Inventories 

154.2 

0.4 

846.3 

(1.4 

999.5 

Other current assets 

4.8 

10.7 

439.1 

1.8 

456.4 

Total current assets 

226.2 

36.8 

2,181.3 

0.4 

2,444.7 

Investments in and advances to subsidiaries 

2,035.9 

2,767.9 

(72.9 

(4,730.9 

Goodwill 

560.8 

9.5 

1,637.2 

2,207.5 

Other non-current assets 

170.7 

60.2 

448.6 

(0.8 

678.7 

Total other assets 

2,035.9 

3,499.4 

(3.2 

2,085.8 

(4,731.7 

2,886.2 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

641.4 

44.3 

1,959.9 

2,645.6 

Total assets 

2,035.9 

4,367.0 

77.9 

6,227.0 

(4,731.3 

7,976.5 

Current liabilities : 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

321.3 

47.5 

1,066.0 

(0.4 

1,434.4 

Short-term loans and long-term debt due within one
 year 

0.1 

393.8 

393.9 

Total current liabilities 

321.4 

47.5 

1,459.8 

(0.4 

1,828.3 

Long-term debt 

500.0 

1,397.4 

18.2 

1,015.8 

2,931.4 

Other non-current liabilities 

58.9 

565.5 

744.7 

59.0 

1,428.1 

Investments by and advances from parent 

2,589.3 

(553.3 

2,753.9 

(4,789.9 

Total share owner s equity of the Company 

1,535.9 

1,535.9 

Noncontrolling interests 

252.8 

252.8 

Total liabilities and share owners equity 

2,035.9 

4,367.0 

77.9 

6,227.0 

(4,731.3 

7,976.5 

90 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued) 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Results
 of Operations 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net
 sales 

1,929.0 

5,209.0 

(71.5 

7,066.5 

Manufacturing,
 shipping, and delivery 

(1,597.7 

10.6 

(4,123.5 

128.0 

(5,582.6 

Gross
 profit 

331.3 

10.6 

1,085.5 

56.5 

1,483.9 

Research,
 engineering, selling, administrative, and other 

(246.6 

(98.5 

(517.1 

(862.2 

Net
 intercompany interest 

(39.1 

(108.3 

(1.2 

(73.1 

(221.7 

Other
 interest expense 

39.1 

(64.5 

31.1 

(5.7 

Interest
 income 

0.2 

28.4 

28.6 

Equity
 earnings from subsidiaries 

341.8 

435.4 

(89.0 

(688.2 

Other
 equity earnings 

14.2 

25.9 

12.5 

52.6 

Other
 revenue 

68.2 

1.7 

9.9 

(55.7 

24.1 

Earnings
 (loss) before income taxes 

341.8 

429.7 

(119.2 

540.4 

(687.4 

505.3 

Provision
 for income taxes 

(2.8 

19.7 

(171.6 

(154.7 

Net
 earnings (loss) 

341.8 

426.9 

(99.5 

368.8 

(687.4 

350.6 

Net
 earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

1.9 

(22.5 

(15.4 

(36.0 

Net
 earnings (loss) attributable to the Company 

341.8 

426.9 

(97.6 

346.3 

(702.8 

314.6 

91 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Results
 of Operations 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net
 sales 

1,968.6 

6,038.8 

(122.7 

7,884.7 

Manufacturing,
 shipping, and delivery 

(1,719.0 

4.2 

(4,676.7 

183.4 

(6,208.1 

Gross
 profit 

249.6 

4.2 

1,362.1 

60.7 

1,676.6 

Research,
 engineering, selling, administrative, and other 

(74.5 

(77.5 

(580.7 

(732.7 

Net
 intercompany interest 

45.8 

(97.5 

69.2 

(17.5 

Other
 interest expense 

(45.8 

(84.4 

(1.9 

(120.9 

(253.0 

Interest
 income 

2.3 

36.3 

38.6 

Equity
 earnings from subsidiaries 

500.3 

512.2 

(97.0 

(915.5 

Other
 equity earnings 

12.6 

24.1 

14.1 

50.8 

Other
 revenue 

78.7 

3.2 

7.1 

(60.9 

28.1 

Earnings
 (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

500.3 

596.7 

(73.4 

700.5 

(915.7 

808.4 

Provision
 for income taxes 

(0.5 

(18.6 

(218.8 

(237.9 

Earnings
 (loss) from continuing operations 

500.3 

596.2 

(92.0 

481.7 

(915.7 

570.5 

Net
 earnings of discontinued operations 

6.8 

6.8 

(6.8 

6.8 

Net
 earnings (loss) 

507.1 

596.2 

(85.2 

481.7 

(922.5 

577.3 

Net
 earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

13.2 

(66.5 

(16.9 

(70.2 

Net
 earnings (loss) attributable to the Company 

507.1 

596.2 

(72.0 

415.2 

(939.4 

507.1 

92 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year ended December 31, 2007 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Results
 of Operations 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net
 sales 

1,966.3 

1.1 

5,694.5 

(95.2 

7,566.7 

Manufacturing,
 shipping, and delivery 

(1,658.1 

(2.6 

(4,463.5 

152.8 

(5,971.4 

Gross
 profit 

308.2 

(1.5 

1,231.0 

57.6 

1,595.3 

Research,
 engineering, selling, administrative, and other 

(73.7 

(175.5 

(488.7 

0.3 

(737.6 

Net
 intercompany interest 

66.9 

(0.7 

(72.8 

6.6 

Other
 interest expense 

(66.9 

(255.5 

78.5 

(104.7 

(348.6 

Interest
 income 

16.1 

26.2 

42.3 

Equity
 earnings from subsidiaries 

414.3 

419.6 

80.8 

(914.7 

Other
 equity earnings 

10.4 

15.6 

8.1 

34.1 

Other
 revenue 

118.2 

1,405.9 

11.7 

(1,499.7 

36.1 

Earnings
 from continuing operations before income taxes 

414.3 

526.5 

1,347.1 

690.2 

(2,356.5 

621.6 

Provision
 for income taxes 

(0.4 

(8.8 

(138.6 

(147.8 

Earnings
 from continuing operations 

414.3 

526.1 

1,338.3 

551.6 

(2,356.5 

473.8 

Net
 earnings of discontinued operations 

1,041.3 

1,040.6 

0.9 

(1,041.3 

1,041.5 

Net
 earnings 

1,455.6 

526.1 

2,378.9 

552.3 

(3,397.8 

1,515.3 

Net
 earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(1.5 

(52.1 

(6.1 

(59.7 

Net
 earnings attributable to the Company 

1,455.6 

526.1 

2,377.4 

500.4 

(3,403.9 

1,455.6 

93 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Cash Flows 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

578.7 

(105.4 

809.0 

(292.0 

990.3 

Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and
 equipment-continuing 

(72.2 

(1.6 

(353.8 

(427.6 

Advances to foreign affiliate 

1.6 

1.6 

Acquisition, net of cash acquired 

(5.4 

(5.4 

Proceeds from sales 

4.2 

9.2 

13.4 

Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(68.0 

(350.0 

(418.0 

Financing Activities: 

Net distribution to OI Inc. 

(405.2 

(405.2 

Change in intercompany transactions 

405.2 

(1,056.4 

385.3 

(24.9 

290.8 

Change in short term debt 

(79.4 

(79.4 

Payments of long term debt 

(450.3 

(1.0 

(158.4 

(609.7 

Borrowings of long term debt 

1,010.0 

70.1 

1,080.1 

Net payments for debt-related hedging activity 

14.3 

14.3 

Noncontrolling dividends 

(62.2 

(62.2 

Payment of finance fees 

(14.0 

(14.0 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(510.7 

384.3 

(240.5 

290.8 

(76.1 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash 

(64.0 

(64.0 

Net change in cash 

278.9 

154.5 

(1.2 

432.2 

Cash at beginning of period 

4.4 

373.9 

1.2 

379.5 

Cash at end of period 

283.3 

528.4 

0.0 

811.7 

94 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Cash Flows 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

108.3 

(34.0 

930.0 

(38.1 

966.2 

Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and
 equipment-continuing 

(84.6 

(0.7 

(276.4 

(361.7 

Advances to foreign affiliate 

(1.6 

(1.6 

Proceeds from sales 

2.4 

(16.9 

0.6 

(13.9 

Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(82.2 

(19.2 

(275.8 

(377.2 

Financing Activities: 

Net distribution to OI Inc. 

(449.9 

(449.9 

Change in intercompany transactions 

449.9 

(26.1 

(3.9 

(458.5 

38.6 

Change in short term debt 

(20.6 

(20.6 

Payments of long term debt 

(35.0 

(0.8 

(659.6 

(695.4 

Borrowings of long term debt 

35.0 

18.6 

632.8 

686.4 

Net payments for debt-related hedging activity 

(45.2 

(45.2 

Noncontrolling dividends 

(49.6 

(49.6 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(26.1 

13.9 

(600.7 

38.6 

(574.3 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash 

(22.9 

(22.9 

Net change in cash 

0.0 

(39.3 

30.6 

0.5 

(8.2 

Cash at beginning of period 

43.7 

343.3 

0.7 

387.7 

Cash at end of period 

0.0 

4.4 

373.9 

1.2 

379.5 

95 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Illinois Group, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

Non- 

Guarantor 

Guarantor 

Cash Flows 

Parent 

Issuer 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

161.8 

1,303.4 

981.3 

(1,434.4 

1,012.1 

Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and
 equipment-continuing 

(48.0 

(3.6 

(240.9 

(292.5 

Additions to property, plant, and
 equipment-discontinued 

(21.6 

(1.7 

(23.3 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(9.8 

(9.8 

Proceeds from sales 

5.8 

1,673.5 

90.7 

1,770.0 

Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(42.2 

1,648.3 

(161.7 

1,444.4 

Financing Activities: 

Net distribution to OI Inc. 

(605.8 

(605.8 

Change in intercompany transactions 

605.8 

1,853.4 

(2,916.8 

(977.5 

1,435.1 

Change in short term debt 

(21.5 

(21.5 

Payments of long term debt 

(1,973.0 

(1.0 

(119.2 

(2,093.2 

Borrowings of long term debt 

406.4 

406.4 

Net payments for debt-related hedging activity 

5.7 

5.7 

Payment of finance fees 

(6.3 

(6.3 

Noncontrolling dividends 

(28.6 

(28.6 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(119.6 

(2,917.8 

(741.0 

1,435.1 

(2,343.3 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash 

51.8 

51.8 

Net change in cash 

0.0 

33.9 

130.4 

0.7 

165.0 

Cash at beginning of period 

9.8 

212.9 

222.7 

Cash at end of period 

0.0 

43.7 

343.3 

0.7 

387.7 

96 

Table of Contents 

Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) The following tables present selected
financial data by quarter for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

2009 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Year 
 to 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Date 

Net sales 

1,519.0 

1,807.0 

1,874.6 

1,865.9 

7,066.5 

Gross profit 

296.8 

407.4 

448.7 

331.0 

1,483.9 

Net earnings (loss) attributable to the Company
 (a) 

45.1 

149.3 

126.7 

(6.5 

314.6 

(a) Amount for the first quarter includes
charges of 50.4 million 47.7 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. 

Amount for the second
quarter includes charges totaling 10.4 million (pretax and after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for the following: (1) 5.2 million for note
repurchase premiums and the write-off of finance fees related to debt that was
repaid prior to its maturity; and (2) 5.2 million for restructuring and
asset impairment. 

Amount for the third
quarter includes charges of 57.5 million 36.0 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. 

Amount for the fourth
quarter includes charges totaling 117.8 million 111.4 million after tax
amount attributable to the Company) for the following: (1) 100.5 million 93.8 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring
and asset impairment; and (2) 17.3 million 17.6 million after tax
amount attributable to the Company) for the remeasurement of certain
bolivar-denominated assets and liabilities held outside of Venezuela. 

Amount for the fourth
quarter includes a non-cash tax benefit transferred from other comprehensive
income (equity) of 20.7 million. 

97 

Table
of Contents 

2008 

Year 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

to 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Date 

Net sales - continuing operations 

1,960.5 

2,210.6 

2,008.6 

1,705.0 

7,884.7 

Gross profit - continuing operations 

456.8 

525.2 

407.3 

287.3 

1,676.6 

Amounts attributable to the Company: 

Earnings from continuing operations (a) 

174.0 

227.5 

78.6 

20.2 

500.3 

Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations 

4.1 

3.8 

(1.1 

6.8 

Net earnings 

178.1 

231.3 

78.6 

19.1 

507.1 

(a) Amount for the first quarter includes
charges of 12.9 million 9.7 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. 

Amount for the second
quarter includes charges of 8.2 million 4.2 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. 

Amount for the third
quarter includes charges of 90.6 million 79.7 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. Amount for the third quarter also includes a
net benefit of 6.2 million 4.6 million after tax amount attributable to the
Company) related to tax legislation and restructuring in Europe. 

Amount for the fourth
quarter includes a charge of 21.6 million 16.5 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset impairment. 

Amount for the fourth
quarter includes expense of 39.5 million related to tax restructuring and other. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. Also, the 

98 

Table
of Contents 

Company
has investments in certain unconsolidated entities. As the Company does not control or manage
these entities, its disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such
entities are necessarily substantially more limited than those maintained with
respect to its consolidated subsidiaries. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, the Company carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on the foregoing, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the
reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2009. 

Management
concluded that the Company s system of internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2009. There has been no
change in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the
Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over
financial reporting. The Company is undertaking the phased implementation of a
global Enterprise Resource Planning software system and believes it is
maintaining and monitoring appropriate internal controls during the
implementation period. The Company believes that the internal control
environment will be enhanced as a result of implementation. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States. However, all internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to
be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and reporting. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009. 
In making this assessment management used the criteria for effective
internal control over financial reporting as described in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (the COSO framework). 

Based
on this assessment, using the criteria above, management concluded that the Company s
system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2009. 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young
LLP, that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements, has issued
an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting which is included below. 

99 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Share
Owner of 

 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. 

We have audited
Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2009, based on criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria).
Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. 

We conducted our
audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In
our opinion, Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2009, based on the COSO criteria. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009
and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of results of operations,
share owners equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2009 and our report dated February 10, 2010
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

/s/
 Ernst Young LLP 

Toledo,
 Ohio 

February 10,
 2010 

100 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

Information with respect
to principal accountant fees and services is included in OI Inc. s 2010 Proxy
Statement in the section entitled Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Index of Financial
Statements and Financial Statement Schedules Covered by Report of Independent
Auditors. 

Page 

(i) Registrant 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

41 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008 

43-44 

For
 the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 

Consolidated
 Results of Operations 

42 

Consolidated Share Owners Equity 

45 

Consolidated Cash Flows 

46 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

47 

Exhibit Index 

102 

Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule
 Page 

For
 the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007: 

II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Consolidated) 

S-1 

All
 other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not
 present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
 schedule. 

(ii) Separate
 Financial Statements of Affiliates Whose Securities Are Pledged As Collateral 

107 

101 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

S-K
 Item 601 No. 

Document 

3.1 

Certificate of
 Incorporation of OII Group, Inc., dated as of March 10, 1987 (filed
 as Exhibit 3.95 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s Form S-4, File
 No. 333-85690, and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 

Certificate of
 Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of OII Group, Inc., dated as
 of March 24, 1987 (filed as Exhibit 3.96 to Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc. s Form S-4, File No. 333-85690, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

3.3 

Certificate of
 Ownership Merging OIB Consumers Glass Inc. into Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc., dated as of June 29, 1990 (filed as Exhibit 3.97
 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s Form S-4, File No. 333-85690,
 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.4 

Certificate of
 Ownership and Merger Merging OIB Finance FTS Inc. into Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc., dated as of December 30, 1991 (filed as
 Exhibit 3.98 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s Form S-4, File
 No. 333-85690, and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.5 

Form of Bylaws for
 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.117 to
 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s Form S-4, File No. 333-85690, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 

Indenture dated as of
 May 20, 1998, between Owens-Illinois, Inc. and The Bank of New
 York, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated May 20, 1998, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

4.2 

Officers Certificate,
 dated May 20, 1998, establishing the terms of the 7.50 Senior Notes due
 2010; including the Form of 7.50 Senior Note due 2010 (filed as
 Exhibits 4.4 and 4.8, respectively, to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated May 20, 1998, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

4.3 

Officers Certificate,
 dated May 20, 1998, establishing the terms of the 7.80 Senior Notes due
 2018; including the Form of 7.80 Senior Note due 2018 (filed as
 Exhibits 4.5 and 4.9, respectively, to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated May 20, 1998, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

4.4 

Supplemental Indenture,
 dated as of June 26, 2001 among Owens-Illinois, Inc.,
 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc., Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. and The
 Bank of New York, as Trustee (May 20, 1998 Indenture) (filed as
 Exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended September 30, 2001, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

4.5 

Second Supplemental
 Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2004 among Owens-Illinois, Inc.,
 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc., Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. and The Bank
 of New York, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated December 1, 2004, File No. 1-9576, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

4.6 

Indenture,
 dated as of December 1, 2004, by and among Owens-Brockway Glass Container
 Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Law Debenture Trust Company of New
 York, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.26 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s
 Form S-4, File No. 333-123960, and incorporated herein by reference ). 

4.7 

Indenture,
 dated as of March 14, 2007, by and among OI European Group B.V., the
 guarantors party thereto and Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as
 Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated March 14, 2007, File No. 33-13061, and
 incorporated herein by reference ). 

102 

Table of
Contents 

S-K
 Item 601 No. 

Document 

4.8 

Indenture,
 dated as of May 12, 2009, by and among Owens-Brockway Glass Container
 Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as
 Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated May 12, 2009, File No. 33-13061, and incorporated
 herein by reference ). 

4.9 

Credit
 Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2006, by and among the Borrowers named
 therein, Owens-Illinois General, Inc., as Borrower s agent, Deutsche
 Bank AG, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, and the other Agents,
 Arrangers and Lenders named therein (filed as exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc. s Form 8-K dated June 14, 2006, File
 No. 33-13061, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.10 

Second
 Amendment to Credit Agreement and Consent, dated June 11, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 4.1 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s Form 8-K dated
 June 11, 2007, File No. 33-13061, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

4.11 

Second
 Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2006,
 by and among Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent for
 the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (as defined therein) and Deutsche
 Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent (as defined therein) and any
 other parties thereto (filed as exhibit 4.2 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated June 14, 2006, File No. 33-13061, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

4.12 

Second
 Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2006,
 between Owens-Illinois Group, Inc., Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc.,
 and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent (as defined
 therein) and any other parties thereto (filed as exhibit 4.3 to
 Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s Form 8-K dated June 14, 2006,
 File No. 33-13061, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.13 

Second
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2006,
 between Owens-Illinois Group, Inc., each of the direct and indirect
 subsidiaries of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. signatory thereto, and
 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent (as defined
 therein) (filed as exhibit 4.4 to Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. s
 Form 8-K dated June 14, 2006, File No. 33-13061, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 

Amended
 and Restated Owens-Illinois Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan (filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 1998, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.2 

First
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Owens-Illinois Supplemental Retirement Benefit
 Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, File
 No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 

Second
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Owens-Illinois Supplemental Retirement Benefit
 Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002, File
 No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 

Third
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Owens-Illinois Supplemental Retirement
 Benefit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, File
 No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 

Form of Employment
 Agreement between Owens-Illinois, Inc. and various Employees (filed as
 Exhibit 10(m) to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 1987, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

103 

Table
of Contents 

S-K
 Item 601 No. 

Document 

10.6 

Second Amended and
 Restated Stock Option Plan for Key Employees of Owens-Illinois, Inc.
 (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 1994, File No. 1-9576, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 

First Amendment to
 Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan for Key Employees of
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 1995, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.8 

Second Amendment to
 Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan for Key Employees of
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1997, File
 No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 

Third Amendment to
 Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan for Key Employees of
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2000, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.10 

Form of
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for use under the Second Amended and
 Restated Stock Option Plan for Key Employees of Owens-Illinois, Inc.
 (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 1994, File No. 1-9576, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 

Amended and Restated
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. Performance Award Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16
 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 1993, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.12 

First Amendment to
 Amended and Restated Owens-Illinois, Inc. Performance Award Plan (filed
 as Exhibit 10.4 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 1997, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.13 

Owens-Illinois, Inc.
 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 1995, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.14 

First Amendment to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as
 Exhibit 10.27 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 1995, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

10.15 

Second Amendment to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended March 31, 1997, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.16 

Amended and Restated
 1997 Equity Participation Plan of Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended June 30, 1999, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.17 

First Amendment to
 Amended and Restated 1997 Equity Participation Plan of
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2002, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.18 

Owens-Illinois, Inc.
 Executive Deferred Savings Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
 2001, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.19 

2004 Equity Incentive
 Plan for Directors of Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1
 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2004, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

104 

Table
of Contents 

S-K
 Item 601 No. 

Document 

10.20 

Owens-Illinois, Inc.
 Incentive Bonus Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2004, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.21 

Owens-Illinois 2004
 Executive Life Insurance Plan filed as Exhibit 10.32
 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2004, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference ). 

10.22 

Owens-Illinois 2004
 Executive Life Insurance Plan for Non-U.S. Employees (filed as
 Exhibit 10.33 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2004, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein
 by reference ). 

10.23 

Second Amended and
 Restated Owens-Illinois, Inc. Senior Management Incentive Plan filed as
 Exhibit 10.34 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2004, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein
 by reference ). 

10.24 

Amended and Restated
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. 2005 Incentive Award Plan dated as of
 April 24, 2009 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, File
 No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by reference ). 

10.25 

Form of
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for use under the
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. 2005 Incentive Award Plan filed as
 Exhibit 10.29 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2005, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein
 by reference ). 

10.26 

Form of Restricted
 Stock Agreement for use under the Owens-Illinois, Inc. 2005 Incentive
 Award Plan filed as Exhibit 10.30 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2005, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference ). 

10.27 

Form of Phantom
 Stock Agreement for use under the Owens-Illinois, Inc. 2005 Incentive
 Award Plan filed as Exhibit 10.31 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2005, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference ). 

10.28 

Form of Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement for use under the Owens-Illinois, Inc. 2005
 Incentive Award Plan filed as Exhibit 10.32 to
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2005, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference ). 

10.29 

Letter agreement
 between Owens-Illinois, Inc. and Albert P.L. Stroucken filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 8-K dated
 November 8, 2006, File No. 1-9576, and incorporated herein by
 reference ). 

10.30 

Employment agreement
 between Owens-Illinois, Inc. and Albert P.L. Stroucken, dated January 3,
 2007 filed as exhibit 10.37 to Owens-Illinois, Inc. s Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2006, File No. 1-9576, and
 incorporated herein by reference ). 

12 

Computation of Ratio of
 Earnings to Fixed Charges (filed herewith). 

21 

Subsidiaries of
 Owens-Illinois, Inc. (filed herewith). 

24 

Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc. Power of Attorney (filed herewith). 

31.1 

Certification of
 Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.2 

Certification of
 Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.1 

Certification of
 Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 (filed
 herewith). 

105 

Table
of Contents 

S-K
 Item 601 No. 

Document 

32.2 

Certification of
 Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 (filed
 herewith). 

Indicates a management contract or
compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this
form pursuant to Item 15(c). 

106 

Table of Contents 

SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF AFFILIATES WHOSE
SECURITIES ARE PLEDGED AS COLLATERAL. 

1) Financial statements of Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc. and subsidiaries including consolidated balance sheets as
of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related results of operations,
share owners equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007. 

2) Financial statements of Owens-Brockway
Glass Container Inc. and subsidiaries including consolidated balance sheets as
of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related results of operations,
share owners equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007. 

107 

Table of
Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Share Owner of 

 Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related
consolidated statements of results of operations, share owners equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. and
subsidiaries at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the consolidated results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been retrospectively adjusted for the adoption of a new
accounting standard which changed the presentation of noncontrolling interests
in subsidiaries 

/s/
 Ernst Young LLP 

Toledo,
 Ohio 

February 10,
 2010 

108 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 
 Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. 

Dollars in millions 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

Manufacturing, shipping, and delivery 

(5,591.2 

(6,212.3 

(5,968.6 

Gross profit 

1,475.3 

1,672.4 

1,598.1 

Selling and administrative expense 

(428.4 

(440.7 

(401.5 

Research, development, and engineering expense 

(58.8 

(66.7 

(65.8 

Net intercompany interest income (expense) 

13.6 

(32.3 

4.0 

Other interest expense 

(181.4 

(205.3 

(360.2 

Other expense 

(282.3 

(149.2 

(142.3 

Other income 

102.6 

111.9 

92.4 

Earnings before income taxes 

640.6 

890.1 

724.7 

Provision for income taxes 

(177.8 

(223.8 

(139.1 

Net earnings 

462.8 

666.3 

585.6 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.5 

Net earnings attributable to the Company 

426.8 

596.1 

526.1 

See accompanying
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

109 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. 

Dollars in millions 

December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash, including time deposits of 279.9 307.5 in
 2008) 

528.7 

397.9 

Receivables including amount from related parties of
 3.8 3.8 in 2008), less allowances of 34.9 38.1 in 2008) for losses and
 discounts 

1,000.5 

988.2 

Inventories 

899.7 

999.1 

Prepaid expenses 

110.5 

46.8 

Total current assets 

2,539.4 

2,432.0 

Other assets: 

Equity investments 

114.3 

101.7 

Repair parts inventories 

125.1 

132.5 

Prepaid pension 

46.3 

Deposits, receivables, and other assets 

472.2 

418.3 

Goodwill 

2,381.0 

2,207.5 

Total other assets 

3,138.9 

2,860.0 

Property, plant, and equipment: 

Land, at cost 

243.7 

243.3 

Buildings and equipment, at cost: 

Buildings and building equipment 

1,122.9 

1,021.9 

Factory machinery and equipment 

4,765.5 

4,339.0 

Transportation, office, and miscellaneous
 equipment 

112.8 

96.9 

Construction in progress 

288.4 

194.2 

6,533.3 

5,895.3 

Less accumulated depreciation 

3,830.5 

3,292.9 

Net property, plant, and equipment 

2,702.8 

2,602.4 

Total assets 

8,381.1 

7,894.4 

110 

Table
of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc.
(continued) 

 Dollars
in millions 

December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Liabilities and Share Owners Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term
 loans 

302.3 

375.6 

Accounts
 payable including amount to related parties of 7.7 7.1 in 2008) 

844.8 

811.8 

Salaries
 and wages 

160.6 

138.2 

U.S.
 and foreign income taxes 

110.0 

152.4 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

356.2 

295.2 

Long-term
 debt due within one year 

21.6 

18.2 

Total
 current liabilities 

1,795.5 

1,791.4 

External long-term debt 

2,989.8 

2,413.1 

Deferred taxes 

253.4 

117.5 

Other liabilities 

672.2 

729.8 

Share owners equity: 

Investment
 by and advances from Parent 

2,425.5 

2,799.0 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) 

46.5 

(209.2 

Total
 share owner s equity of the Company 

2,472.0 

2,589.8 

Noncontrolling
 interests 

198.2 

252.8 

Total
 share owners equity 

2,670.2 

2,842.6 

Total
 liabilities and share owners equity 

8,381.1 

7,894.4 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

111 

Table
of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED SHARE OWNERS EQUITY Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc. 

 Dollars
in millions 

Share Owner s Equity of the Company 

Total Share 
 Owners 
 Equity 

Investment by and 
 Advances from 
 Parent 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Non- 
 controlling 
 Interests 

Balance on January 1, 2007 

1,489.9 

1,287.6 

(4.5 

206.8 

Net intercompany transactions 

955.9 

955.9 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

585.6 

526.1 

59.5 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

319.3 

305.3 

14.0 

Pension and other postretirement benefit
 adjustments, net of tax 

26.2 

26.2 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments,
 net of tax 

28.2 

28.2 

Total comprehensive income 

959.3 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on
 subsidiary common stock 

(28.6 

(28.6 

Balance on December 31, 2007 

3,376.5 

2,769.6 

355.2 

251.7 

Net intercompany transactions 

(566.7 

(566.7 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

666.3 

596.1 

70.2 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

(451.4 

(431.9 

(19.5 

Pension and other postretirement benefit
 adjustments, net of tax 

(99.6 

(99.6 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments,
 net of tax 

(32.9 

(32.9 

Total comprehensive income 

82.4 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary
 common stock 

(49.6 

(49.6 

Balance on December 31, 2008 

2,842.6 

2,799.0 

(209.2 

252.8 

Net intercompany transactions 

(800.3 

(800.3 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

462.8 

426.8 

36.0 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

200.5 

228.9 

(28.4 

Pension and other postretirement benefit
 adjustments, net of tax 

(9.3 

(9.3 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments,
 net of tax 

36.1 

36.1 

Total comprehensive income 

690.1 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on
 subsidiary common stock 

(62.2 

(62.2 

Balance on December 31, 2009 

2,670.2 

2,425.5 

46.5 

198.2 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

112 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Operating activities: 

Net earnings 

462.8 

666.3 

585.6 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.5 

Non-cash charges (credits): 

Depreciation 

371.8 

427.5 

419.7 

Amortization of intangibles and other deferred
 items 

15.7 

32.7 

36.1 

Amortization of finance fees and debt discount 

10.0 

Deferred tax provision (credit) 

52.2 

10.6 

(5.6 

Restructuring and asset impairment 

213.6 

133.3 

100.3 

Other 

79.1 

103.0 

7.9 

Cash paid for restructuring activities 

(68.3 

(48.9 

(17.8 

Change in non-current operating assets 

34.6 

8.7 

6.4 

Change in non-current liabilities 

(163.3 

(82.0 

(6.0 

Change in components of working capital 

122.1 

(147.3 

26.2 

Cash provided by operating activities 

1,094.3 

1,033.7 

1,093.3 

Investing activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and equipment 

(425.7 

(360.9 

(290.4 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(5.4 

Advances to equity affiliate - net 

1.6 

(1.6 

Net cash proceeds from divestitures and other 

13.4 

3.0 

14.1 

Cash utilized in investing activities 

(416.1 

(359.5 

(276.3 

Financing activities: 

Additions to long-term debt 

1,080.1 

686.4 

406.4 

Repayments of long-term debt 

(609.7 

(695.4 

(2,092.2 

Increase (decrease) in short-term loans 

(79.4 

(20.6 

(21.5 

Net change in intercompany debt 

(808.1 

(530.9 

1,032.8 

Net receipts (payments) for hedging activity 

14.3 

(45.2 

0.7 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(62.2 

(49.6 

(28.6 

Payment of finance fees 

(14.0 

(6.3 

Cash utilized in financing activities 

(479.0 

(655.3 

(708.7 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 

(68.4 

(22.9 

51.8 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

130.8 

(4.0 

160.1 

Cash at beginning of year 

397.9 

401.9 

241.8 

Cash at end of year 

528.7 

397.9 

401.9 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

113 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Tabular data dollars in millions 

1. Significant Accounting
Policies 

Basis of
Consolidated Statements The consolidated financial
statements of Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. Company include the
accounts of its subsidiaries. Newly
acquired subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial
statements from dates of acquisition. 

The Company uses the
equity method of accounting for investments in which it has a significant
ownership interest, generally 20 to 50 . 
Other investments are accounted for at cost. The Company monitors other
than temporary declines in fair value and records reductions in carrying values
when appropriate. 

The format of the Company s consolidated cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 has been reclassified to
conform to the 2009 presentation. 
Amounts related to cash paid for restructuring activities have been
reclassified from changes in working capital and non-current liabilities and
are now shown separately. 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 10,
2010, the date the financial statements were issued. 

Newly Adopted Financial Statement
Pronouncements Effective January 1, 2009, the Company
adopted the provisions of a new accounting standard which changed the
presentation of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. The format of the
Company s consolidated results of operations, consolidated share owners 
equity, and consolidated cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008
and 2007, and consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2008 have been
reclassified to conform to the new presentation which is required to be applied
retrospectively. 

Relationship
with Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. and Owens-Illinois, Inc. The Company is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. OI Group and an indirect
subsidiary of Owens-Illinois, Inc. OI Inc. ). Although OI Inc. does not conduct any
operations, it has substantial obligations related to outstanding indebtedness
and asbestos-related payments. OI Inc. relies primarily on distributions
from its direct and indirect subsidiaries to meet these obligations. 

For federal and certain
state income tax purposes, the taxable income of the Company is included in the
consolidated tax returns of OI Inc. and income taxes are allocated to the
Company on a basis consistent with separate returns. 

Nature of
Operations The Company is a leading manufacturer of
glass container products. The Company s principal product lines are glass
containers for the food and beverage industries. The Company has glass container operations
located in 21 countries. The principal markets and operations for the Company s
products are in Europe, North America, South America, and Australia. 

Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that
affect certain amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results may differ from
those estimates, at which time the Company would revise its estimates accordingly. 

114 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash 
The Company defines cash as cash and time deposits with maturities of
three months or less when purchased. Outstanding checks in excess of funds on
deposit are included in accounts payable. 

Fair
Value Measurements Fair value is defined as an exit price, representing
the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the
asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Generally accepted accounting principles
defined a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in
measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1: 
Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

 Level
2: Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets,
that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

 Level
3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no
market data, which requires the Company to develop assumptions. 

The carrying amounts
reported for cash, short-term investments and short-term loans approximate fair
value. In addition, carrying amounts
approximate fair value for certain long-term debt obligations subject to
frequently redetermined interest rates. 
Fair values for the Company s significant fixed rate debt obligations
are generally based on published market quotations. 

The Company s derivative
assets and liabilities consist of interest rate swaps, natural gas forwards,
and foreign exchange option and forward contracts. The Company uses an income approach to valuing
these contracts. Interest rate yield
curves, natural gas forward rates, and foreign exchange rates are the
significant inputs into the valuation models. 
These inputs are observable in active markets over the terms of the
instruments the Company holds, and accordingly, the Company classifies its
derivative assets and liabilities as Level 2 in the hierarchy. The Company also evaluates counterparty risk
in determining fair values. 

Derivative Instruments The Company uses
currency swaps, interest rate swaps, options, and commodity futures contracts
to manage risks generally associated with foreign exchange rate, interest rate
and commodity market volatility. Derivative financial instruments are
included on the balance sheet at fair value. 
Whenever possible, derivative instruments are designated
as and are effective as hedges, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 
If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist, all changes in
fair value of the related derivatives that have not been settled are recognized
in current earnings. The Company does
not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes and is not
a party to leveraged derivatives. Cash flows from fair value hedges of debt and
short-term forward exchange contracts are classified as a financing
activity. Cash flows of currency swaps,
interest rate swaps, and commodity futures contracts are classified as
operating activities. See Note 9 for additional information related to
derivative instruments. 

Inventory
Valuation The Company values most U.S. inventories at
the lower of last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost or market. Other inventories are valued at the lower of
standard costs (which approximate average costs) or market. 

Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of cost over
fair value of assets of businesses acquired. 
Goodwill is evaluated annually, as of October 1, for impairment or
more frequently if an impairment indicator exists. 

Intangible
Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets Intangible
assets are amortized over the expected useful life of the asset. Amortization expense directly attributed to
the manufacturing of the Company s 

115 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued) 

products is included in
manufacturing, shipping, and delivery. 
Amortization expense related to non-manufacturing activities is included
in selling and administrative and other. The Company evaluates the
recoverability of intangible assets and other long-lived assets based on
undiscounted projected cash flows, excluding interest and taxes, when factors
indicate that impairment may exist. If
impairment exists, the asset is written down to fair value. 

Property,
Plant, and Equipment Property, plant, and equipment PP E is carried at cost and includes expenditures for new facilities and equipment
and those costs which substantially increase the useful lives or capacity of
existing PP E. In general,
depreciation is computed using the straight-line method and recorded over the
estimated useful life of the asset. 
Factory machinery and equipment is depreciated over periods ranging from
5 to 25 years with the majority of such assets (principally glass-melting
furnaces and forming machines) depreciated over 7-15 years. Buildings and building equipment are
depreciated over periods ranging from 10 to 50 years. Depreciation expense directly attributed to
the manufacturing of the Company s products is included in manufacturing,
shipping, and delivery. Depreciation
expense related to non-manufacturing activities is included in selling and
administrative. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Costs assigned to PP E of acquired
businesses are based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company evaluates the recoverability of
property, plant, and equipment based on undiscounted projected cash flows,
excluding interest and taxes, when factors indicate that impairment may
exist. If impairment exists, the asset
is written down to fair value. 

Revenue
Recognition The Company recognizes sales, net of
estimated discounts and allowances, when the title to the products and risk of
loss are transferred to customers. 
Provisions for rebates to customers are provided in the same period that
the related sales are recorded. 

Shipping
and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs are included with
manufacturing, shipping, and delivery costs in the Consolidated Results of
Operations. 

Income
Taxes on Undistributed Earnings In general, the Company plans to continue
to reinvest the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and foreign
corporate joint ventures accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly, taxes are provided only on that
amount of undistributed earnings in excess of planned reinvestments. 

Foreign
Currency Translation The assets and liabilities of substantially
all subsidiaries and associates are translated at current exchange rates and
any related translation adjustments are recorded directly in share owners 
equity. 

Accounts
Receivable Receivables are stated at amounts
estimated by management to be the net realizable value. The Company charges off accounts receivable
when it becomes apparent based upon age or customer circumstances that amounts
will not be collected. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts is
established through charges to the provision for bad debts. The Company evaluates the adequacy of the
allowance for doubtful accounts on a periodic basis. The evaluation includes historical trends in
collections and write-offs, management s judgment of the probability of
collecting accounts and management s evaluation of business risk. 

New
Accounting Standards In June 2009,
the FASB issued a new standard which amends certain guidance for determining
whether an entity is a variable interest entity (VIE). An enterprise is
required to perform an analysis to determine whether the Company s variable
interests give it a controlling financial 

116 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

interest
in a VIE. A company would be required to assess whether it has an implicit
financial responsibility to ensure that a VIE operates as designed when
determining whether it has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that
most significantly impact the entity s economic performance. In addition, the
new provisions require ongoing reassessments of whether an enterprise is the
primary beneficiary of a VIE. The new provisions are effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The
Company does not expect the adoption of this Statement to have an impact on its
results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Participation in OI Inc. Stock Option
Plans and Other Stock Based Compensation The Company
participates in the equity compensation plans of OI Inc. under which employees
of the Company may be granted options to purchase common shares of OI Inc.,
restricted common shares of OI Inc., or restricted share units of OI Inc. 

Stock
Options 

For
options granted prior to March 22, 2005, no options may be exercised in
whole or in part during the first year after the date granted. In general,
subject to accelerated exercisability provisions related to the performance of
OI Inc. s common stock or change of control, 50 of the options become
exercisable on the fifth anniversary of the date of the option grant, with the
remaining 50 becoming exercisable on the sixth anniversary date of the option
grant. In general, options expire
following termination of employment or the day after the tenth anniversary date
of the option grant. 

For
options granted after March 21, 2005, no options may be exercised in whole
or in part during the first year after the date granted. In general, subject to change in control,
these options become exercisable 25 per year beginning on the first
anniversary. In general, options expire
following termination of employment or the seventh anniversary of the option
grant. 

The
fair value of options granted before March 22, 2005, is amortized ratably
over five years or a shorter period if the grant becomes subject to accelerated
exercisability provisions related to the performance of OI Inc. s common
stock. The fair value of options granted
after March 21, 2005, is amortized over the vesting periods which range
from one to four years. 

Restricted Shares 

Shares
granted to employees prior to March 22, 2005, generally vest after three
years or upon retirement, whichever is later. 
Shares granted after March 21, 2005, vest 25 per year beginning on
the first anniversary and unvested shares are forfeited upon termination of
employment. Shares granted to directors
prior to 2008 were immediately vested but may not be sold until the third
anniversary of the share grant or the end of the director s then current term
on the board, whichever is later. Shares
granted to the directors after 2007 vest after one year. 

The
fair value of the shares is equal to the market price of the shares on the date
of the grant. The fair value of
restricted shares granted before March 22, 2005, is amortized ratably over
the vesting period. The fair value of
restricted shares granted after March 21, 2005, is amortized over the
vesting periods which range from one to four years. 

Performance Vested Restricted Share Units 

Restricted
share units vest on January 1 of the third year following the year in
which they are granted. Holders of
vested units receive 0.5 to 1.5 shares of OI Inc. s common stock for each unit,
depending upon the attainment of consolidated performance goals established by
the Compensation Committee of OI 

117 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inc. s
Board of Directors. If minimum goals are
not met, no shares will be issued. 
Granted but unvested restricted share units are forfeited upon termination
of employment, unless certain retirement criteria are met. 

The
fair value of each restricted share unit is equal to the product of the fair
value of OI Inc. s common stock on the date of grant and the estimated number
of shares into which the restricted share unit will be converted. The fair value of restricted share units is
amortized ratably over the vesting period. 
Should the estimated number of shares into which the restricted share
unit will be converted change, an adjustment will be recorded to recognize the
accumulated difference in amortization between the revised and previous
estimates. 

Accounting 

OI Inc. adopted new
accounting guidance related to s hare-based payments effective January 1,
2006 using the modified-prospective method of adoption, which requires
recognition of compensation cost in the financial statements beginning on the
date of adoption. 

As
discussed in Note 12, costs incurred under these plans by OI Inc. related to
stock-based compensation awards granted directly to the Company s employees are
included in the allocable costs charged to the Company and other operating
subsidiaries of OI Inc. on an intercompany basis. 

2. Supplemental Cash Flow Information Changes in the components of working
capital related to operations (net of the effects related to acquisitions and
divestitures) were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Decrease (increase) in current assets: 

Receivables 

(0.2 

73.8 

(30.1 

Inventories 

152.0 

(77.8 

70.5 

Prepaid expenses 

(43.3 

(7.0 

6.8 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

(73.2 

(123.9 

(13.5 

Salaries and wages 

(13.6 

(18.8 

24.9 

U.S. and foreign income taxes 

73.2 

6.4 

(32.4 

122.1 

(147.3 

26.2 

Interest paid in
cash, including note repurchase premiums in 2009 and 2007, aggregated 157.5
million for 2009, 209.3 million for 2008, and 390.3 million for 2007. 

Income taxes paid
(received) in cash were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

4.1 

(0.3 

0.2 

Foreign 

196.0 

158.4 

149.2 

200.1 

158.1 

149.4 

118 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. Inventories Major classes
of inventory are as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Finished
 goods 

741.5 

831.7 

Work
 in process 

0.8 

0.8 

Raw
 materials 

106.6 

109.8 

Operating
 supplies 

50.8 

56.8 

899.7 

999.1 

If the inventories which
are valued on the LIFO method had been valued at standard costs, which
approximate current costs, consolidated inventories would be higher than
reported by 42.6 million and 32.5 million, at December 31, 2009 and
2008, respectively. 

Inventories which are
valued at the lower of standard costs (which approximate average costs), or
market at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were approximately 772.1 million and
 861.4 million, respectively. 

4. Equity Investments Summarized information pertaining to the Company s
equity associates follows: 

2009 

2008 

At
 end of year: 

Equity
 in undistributed earnings: 

Foreign 

43.5 

31.0 

Domestic 

25.8 

19.6 

Total 

69.3 

50.6 

2009 

2008 

2007 

For
 the year: 

Equity
 in earnings: 

Foreign 

12.5 

14.1 

5.3 

Domestic 

40.1 

36.7 

28.8 

Total 

52.6 

50.8 

34.1 

Dividends
 received 

33.8 

24.5 

21.7 

119 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Summarized combined financial information for
equity associates is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

At end of year: 

Current assets 

218.0 

208.3 

Non-current assets 

314.1 

325.9 

Total assets 

532.1 

534.2 

Current liabilities 

138.5 

167.5 

Other liabilities and deferred items 

145.9 

137.9 

Total liabilities and deferred items 

284.4 

305.4 

Net assets 

247.7 

228.8 

2009 

2008 

2007 (a) 

For the year: 

Net sales 

548.6 

635.8 

535.9 

Gross profit 

199.6 

227.5 

176.5 

Net earnings 

158.0 

153.9 

112.4 

(a) Amounts
for 2007 exclude the Company s Caribbean investment due to the impairment
recorded during 2007. 

The
Company s significant equity method investments include: (1) 50 of the common shares of Vetri
Speciali SpA, a specialty glass manufacturer; (2) a 25 partnership
interest in General Chemical Soda Ash (Partners), a soda ash supplier; and (3) a
50 partnership interest in Rocky Mountain Bottle Company, a glass container
manufacturer. 

120 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued) 

5. External Debt The following table summarizes the external
long-term debt of the Company at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

2009 

2008 

Secured
 Credit Agreement: 

Revolving
 Credit Facility: 

Revolving
 Loans 

18.7 

Term
 Loans: 

Term
 Loan A (160.0 million AUD at Dec. 31, 2009) 

143.9 

155.7 

Term
 Loan B 

189.5 

191.5 

Term
 Loan C (110.8 million CAD at Dec. 31, 2009) 

105.4 

90.9 

Term
 Loan D 189.5 million at Dec. 31, 2009) 

273.5 

269.6 

Senior
 Notes: 

8.25 ,
 due 2013 

460.4 

461.1 

6.75 ,
 due 2014 

400.0 

400.0 

6.75 ,
 due 2014 225 million) 

324.7 

316.8 

7.375 ,
 due 2016 

582.1 

6.875 ,
 due 2017 300 million) 

432.9 

422.4 

Other 

99.0 

104.6 

3,011.4 

2,431.3 

Less
 amounts due within one year 

21.6 

18.2 

External
 long-term debt 

2,989.8 

2,413.1 

On June 14,
2006, the Company s subsidiary borrowers entered into the Secured Credit
Agreement (the Agreement ). At December 31,
2009, the Agreement included a 900.0 million revolving credit facility, a
160.0 million Australian dollar term loan, and a 110.8 million Canadian dollar
term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 15, 2012. It also included a 189.5 million term loan
and a 189.5 million term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 14,
2013. During 2009, the Company s
subsidiary borrowers repaid 65.0 million Australian dollars, 2.0 million and
 2.0 million of term loans under the Agreement. 

As a result of the
2008 bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and several of its
subsidiaries, the Company believes that the maximum amount available under the
revolving credit facility was reduced by 32.3 million. After further deducting amounts attributable
to letters of credit and overdraft facilities that are supported by the
revolving credit facility, at December 31, 2009 the Company s subsidiary
borrowers had unused credit of 760.0 million available under the Agreement. 

The Agreement
contains various covenants that restrict, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, the ability of the Company to incur certain liens, make
certain investments and acquisitions, become liable under contingent
obligations in certain defined instances only, make restricted junior payments,
make certain asset sales within guidelines and limits, make capital
expenditures beyond a certain threshold, engage in material transactions with
shareholders and affiliates, participate in sale and leaseback financing
arrangements, alter its fundamental business, amend certain outstanding debt
obligations, and prepay certain outstanding debt obligations. 

The Agreement also
contains one financial maintenance covenant, a Leverage Ratio, that requires
the Company not to exceed a ratio calculated by dividing consolidated total
debt, less cash and cash equivalents, by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, as
defined in the Agreement. The Leverage Ratio
could 

121 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

restrict the
ability of the Company to undertake additional financing to the extent that
such financing would cause the Leverage Ratio to exceed the specified maximum. 

Failure to comply
with these covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default under
the Agreement. In such an event, the
Company could not request borrowings under the revolving facility, and all
amounts outstanding under the Agreement, together with accrued interest, could
then be declared immediately due and payable. 
If an event of default occurs under the Agreement and the lenders cause
all of the outstanding debt obligations under the Agreement to become due and
payable, this would result in a default under a number of other outstanding
debt securities and could lead to an acceleration of obligations related to these
debt securities. A default or event of
default under the Agreement, indentures or agreements governing other
indebtedness could also lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt
instruments that contain cross acceleration or cross-default provisions. 

The leverage ratio
also determines pricing under the Agreement. 
The interest rate on borrowings under the Agreement is, at the Company s
option, the Base Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, as defined in the
Agreement. These rates include a margin
linked to the leverage ratio and the borrowers senior secured debt
rating. The margins range from 0.875 to
1.75 for Eurocurrency Rate loans and from -0.125 to 0.75 for Base Rate
loans. In addition, a facility fee is payable
on the revolving credit facility commitments ranging from 0.20 to 0.50 per
annum linked to the leverage ratio. The
weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Agreement at
December 31, 2009 was 2.40 . As of December 31, 2009, the Company was
in compliance with all covenants and restrictions in the Agreement. In addition, the Company believes that it
will remain in compliance and that its ability to borrow funds under the
Agreement will not be adversely affected by the covenants and restrictions. 

Borrowings under the
Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company s
domestic subsidiaries and certain foreign subsidiaries, which have a book value
of approximately 2.4 billion. 
Borrowings are also secured by a pledge of intercompany debt and equity
in most of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and stock of certain foreign
subsidiaries. All borrowings under the
agreement are guaranteed by substantially all domestic subsidiaries of the
Company for the term of the Agreement. 

During May 2009,
a subsidiary of the Company issued senior notes with a face value of 600.0
million at 96.72 of face value for an effective interest rate of 8.00 . The notes bear interest at 7.375 and are due
May 15, 2016. The notes are
guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries. The net proceeds, after deducting commissions
and expenses from the notes, approximated 568 million and were used to repay
 221.9 million of the Company s 250.0 million intercompany debt with OI Inc
and to reduce borrowings under the revolving credit facility. The balance of the proceeds increased
cash. As a part of the issuance of these
notes and the related repayment of the intercompany debt, the Company recorded
additional interest charges in 2009 of 5.2 million for note repurchase
premiums and the related write-off of unamortized finance fees, net of a gain
from the termination of interest rate swap agreements related to the notes. 

During October 2006,
the Company entered into a European accounts receivable securitization program,
which had a limit of 250 million at December 31, 2009 . The program
extends through October 2011, subject to annual renewal of backup credit
lines. In addition, the Company
participates in a receivables financing program in the Asia Pacific region with
a revolving funding commitment of 89 million Australian dollars and 10 million
New Zealand dollars that expire February 2010 and November 2010,
respectively. 

Information
related to the Company s accounts receivable securitization program as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

122 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2009 

2008 

Balance (included in short-term loans) 

289.0 

293.7 

Weighted average interest rate 

2.52 

5.31 

The Company
capitalized 16.8 million and 25.6 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively, under
capital lease obligations with the related financing recorded as long term
debt. These amounts are included in
other in the long-term debt table above. 

Annual maturities
for all of the Company s long-term debt through 2014 are as follows: 2010, 21.6 million; 2011, 135.0 million;
2012, 164.2 million; 2013, 931.1 million; and 2014, 735.1 million. 

Fair values at December 31,
2009, of the Company s significant fixed rate debt obligations were as follows: 

Principal Amount 

Indicated 

Fair Value 

(millions of 

Market 

(millions of 

dollars) 

Price 

dollars) 

Senior Notes: 

8.25 , due 2013 

450.0 

103.35 

465.1 

6.75 , due 2014 

400.0 

102.25 

409.0 

6.75 , due 2014 225 million) 

324.7 

98.33 

319.3 

7.375 , due 2016 

600.0 

104.00 

624.0 

6.875 , due 2017 300 million) 

432.9 

96.97 

419.8 

6.
Guarantees of Debt OI Group and
the Company guarantee OI Inc. s senior notes and debentures on a subordinated
basis. The fair value of the OI Inc.
debt being guaranteed was 281.3 at December 31, 2009. 

7. Operating Leases 
Rent expense attributable to all warehouse, office buildings, and
equipment operating leases was 106.6 million in 2009, 95.4 million in 2008,
and 87.4 million in 2007. Minimum
future rentals under operating leases are as follows: 2010, 55.9 million; 2011, 40.8 million;
2012, 28.4 million; 2013, 18.4 million; 2014, 10.8 million; and 2015 and
thereafter, 7.9 million. 

8. Foreign Currency Transactions 
Aggregate foreign currency exchange gains (losses) included in other
expense were (29.2) million for 2009, 0.6 million in 2008, and (8.1) million
in 2007. 

During 2009, the Company
entered into a series of parallel market transactions to exchange Venezuelan
bolivars into U.S. dollars. In the
parallel market, bolivars are valued significantly lower than the official
government rate, giving rise to exchange losses from such transactions. As a result, the Company recognized foreign currency
exchange losses of 28.0 million for the year. 

9. Derivative Instruments The Company has certain derivative assets and
liabilities which consist of interest rate swaps, natural gas forwards, and
foreign exchange option and forward contracts. 
The Company records derivative assets and liabilities at fair value and
classifies them as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

123 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest Rate Swaps Designated as Fair Value Hedges 

In the fourth quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of
2004, the Company entered into a series of interest rate swap agreements with a
total notional amount of 700 million that were to mature in 2010
and 2013. The swaps were executed in order to: (i) convert a portion
of the senior notes and senior debentures fixed-rate debt into floating-rate
debt; (ii) maintain a capital structure containing appropriate amounts of
fixed and floating-rate debt; and (iii) reduce net interest payments and
expense in the near-term. 

The Company s
fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps were accounted for as fair value hedges.
Because the relevant terms of the swap agreements matched the corresponding
terms of the notes, there was no hedge ineffectiveness. Accordingly, the
Company recorded the net of the fair market values of the swaps as a long-term
asset (liability) along with a corresponding net increase (decrease) in the
carrying value of the hedged debt. 

For derivative
instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the change in
the fair value of the derivative instrument related to the future cash flows
(gain or loss on the derivative) as well as the offsetting change in the fair
value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in
current earnings. The Company includes
the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e. long-term debt) in the same line
item (interest expense) as the offsetting loss or gain on the related interest
rate swaps. 

During the second quarter
of 2009, the Company repaid 221.9 million of its 250 million intercompany
debt with OI Inc. As a result of the debt
repayment, the Company terminated the related interest rate swap agreements for
proceeds of 5.0 million. The Company
recognized 4.4 million of the proceeds as a reduction of interest expense upon
the termination of the interest rate swap agreements, while the remaining 0.6
million is recorded as an adjustment to the debt and will be recognized as a
reduction of interest expense over the remaining life of the outstanding
intercompany debt due 2010. See Note 5
for additional information. 

During the second quarter
of 2009, the Company s interest rate swaps related to the 450 million senior
notes due 2013 were terminated. The
Company received proceeds of 12.4 million which were recorded as an adjustment
to debt and will be recognized as a reduction of interest expense over the
remaining life of the senior notes due 2013. 

As of December 31,
2009, the balance of unamortized proceeds from terminated interest rate swaps
included in long-term debt was 10.6 million. 

124 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of the
interest rate swaps on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in Interest 
 Expense 

2009 

2008 

Interest rate swaps 

(11.0 

26.1 

Related long-term debt 

11.0 

(26.1 

Proceeds recognized and amortized for terminated
 interest rate swaps 

6.7 

Net impact on interest expense 

6.7 

Commodity Futures Contracts
Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 

The Company enters into
commodity futures contracts related to forecasted natural gas requirements, the
objectives of which are to limit the effects of fluctuations in the future
market price paid for natural gas and the related volatility in cash flows. The
Company continually evaluates the natural gas market with respect to its
forecasted usage requirements over the next twelve to twenty-four months and
periodically enters into commodity futures contracts in order to hedge a
portion of its usage requirements over that period. At December 31, 2009,
the Company had entered into commodity futures contracts covering approximately
4,800,000 MM BTUs over that period. 

The Company accounts for
the above futures contracts as cash flow hedges at December 31, 2009 and
recognizes them on the balance sheet at fair value. The effective portion of
changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as, and meets the
required criteria for, a cash flow hedge is recorded in the Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income component of share owners equity OCI and reclassified
into earnings in the same period or periods during which the underlying hedged
item affects earnings. At December 31, 2009, an unrecognized loss of 1.3
million (pretax) related to the commodity futures contracts was included in
Accumulated OCI, and will be reclassified into earnings over the next twelve to
twenty-four months. Any material portion
of the change in the fair value of a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge
that is deemed to be ineffective is recognized in current earnings. The ineffectiveness related to these natural
gas hedges for the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 was not material. 

125 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of the
commodity futures contracts on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Reclassified from 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Accumulated OCI into 

Recognized in OCI on 

Income (reported in 

Commodity Futures Contracts 

manufacturing, shipping, and 

(Effective Portion) 

delivery) (Effective Portion) 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(24.8 

(27.2 

(60.9 

5.7 

Senior Notes Designated as Net
Investment Hedge 

During December 2004,
a U.S. subsidiary of the Company issued Senior Notes totaling 225
million. These notes were designated by
the Company s subsidiary as a hedge of a portion of its net investment in a
non-U.S. subsidiary with a Euro functional currency. Because the amount of the Senior Notes
matches the hedged portion of the net investment, there is no hedge
ineffectiveness. Accordingly, the Company recorded the impact of changes in the
foreign currency exchange rate on the Euro-denominated notes in OCI. The amount recorded in OCI will be reclassified
into earnings when the Company sells or liquidates its net investment in the
non-U.S. subsidiary. 

The effect of the net
investment hedge on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Location of Gain (Loss) 

Reclassified from Accumulated 

Recognized in OCI 

Reclassified from Accumulated 

OCI into Income 

2009 

2008 

OCI into Income 

2009 

2008 

(8.8 

15.2 

N/A 

Forward Exchange Contracts not
Designated as Hedging Instruments 

The Company s
subsidiaries may enter into short-term forward exchange or option agreements to
purchase foreign currencies at set rates in the future. These agreements are
used to limit exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for
significant planned purchases of fixed assets or commodities that are
denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries functional currency.
Subsidiaries may also use forward exchange agreements to offset the foreign
currency risk for receivables and payables, including intercompany receivables
and payables, not denominated in, or indexed to, their functional currencies.
The Company records these short-term forward exchange agreements on the balance
sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value are recognized in current
earnings. 

At December 31,
2009, various subsidiaries of the Company had outstanding forward exchange and
option agreements denominated in various currencies covering the equivalent of
approximately 1.0 billion related primarily to intercompany transactions and
loans. 

126 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Continued) 

The effect of the forward exchange contracts on the results of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Loss 

Location of Loss 

Recognized in Income on 

Recognized in Income on 

Forward Exchange Contracts 

Forward Exchange Contracts 

2009 

2008 

Other expense 

(8.3 

(4.2 

Balance Sheet Classification 

The Company records the
fair values of derivative financial instruments on the balance sheet as
follows: (1) receivables if the instrument has a positive fair value and
maturity within one year, (2) deposits, receivables, and other assets if
the instrument has a positive fair value and maturity after one year, (3) accounts
payable and other current liabilities if the instrument has a negative fair
value and maturity within one year, and (4) other liabilities if the
instrument has a negative fair value and maturity after one year. The following table shows the amount and
classification of the Company s derivatives as of December 31, 2009 and
2008: 

2009 

2008 

Balance
 Sheet 

Fair 

Balance
 Sheet 

Fair 

Location 

Value 

Location 

Value 

Asset
 Derivatives: 

Derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments 

Interest
 rate swaps 

Deposits, receivables,
 and other assets 

29.4 

Commodity
 futures contracts 

Receivables 

0.4 

Commodity
 futures contracts 

Other accrued
 liabilities 

0.1 

Total
 derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

0.5 

29.4 

Derivatives
 not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign
 exchange contracts 

Receivables 

6.0 

Receivables 

19.4 

Foreign
 exchange contracts 

Other accrued
 liabilities 

0.2 

Total
 derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

6.2 

19.4 

Total
 asset derivatives 

6.7 

48.8 

Liability
 Derivatives: 

Derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments 

Commodity
 futures contracts 

Other accrued
 liabilities 

1.8 

Other accrued
 liabilities 

37.4 

Total
 derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

1.8 

37.4 

Derivatives
 not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign
 exchange contracts 

Other accrued
 liabilities 

2.9 

Receivables 

0.4 

Foreign
 exchange contracts 

Other accrued liabilities 

11.6 

Foreign
 exchange contracts 

Other liabilities 

0.1 

Total
 derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

2.9 

12.1 

Total
 liability derivatives 

4.7 

49.5 

127 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 The components of comprehensive income are: (a) net
earnings; (b) change in fair value of certain derivative instruments; (c) pension
and other postretirement benefit adjustments; and (d) foreign currency
translation adjustments. The net effect
of exchange rate fluctuations generally reflects changes in the relative
strength of the U.S. dollar against major foreign currencies between the
beginning and end of the year. 

The following table lists
the beginning balance, yearly activity and ending balance of each component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net
 Effect of 
 Exchange Rate 
 Fluctuations 

Deferred Tax 
 Effect for 
 Translation 

Unfunded 
 Pension 
 Liability 

Change in 
 Certain 
 Derivative 
 Instruments 

Employee 
 Benefit 
 Plans 

Total 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Balance on Jan. 1, 2007 

188.0 

12.7 

(122.9 

(34.9 

(47.4 

(4.5 

2007 Change 

305.3 

28.2 

41.5 

375.0 

Translation effect 

(6.7 

(6.7 

Reclass 

122.9 

2.2 

(125.1 

Tax effect 

(8.6 

(8.6 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2007 

493.3 

12.7 

(4.5 

(146.3 

355.2 

2008 Change 

(431.9 

(32.9 

(200.8 

(665.6 

Translation effect 

46.1 

46.1 

Tax effect 

55.1 

55.1 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2008 

61.4 

12.7 

(37.4 

(245.9 

(209.2 

2009 Change 

228.9 

36.1 

32.8 

297.8 

Translation effect 

(33.7 

(33.7 

Tax effect 

(8.4 

(8.4 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2009 

290.3 

12.7 

(1.3 

(255.2 

46.5 

Exchange rate
fluctuations in 2009 include a loss of 132.5 million related to the Company s
decision to translate the balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries using
the parallel market rate at December 31, 2009 instead of the historic
official rate. See Note 20 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

128 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. Income Taxes Deferred
income taxes reflect: (1) the net
tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes and (2) carryovers and credits for income tax purposes. 

Significant components of
the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2009 and
2008 are as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Deferred
 tax assets: 

Tax
 loss carryovers 

223.8 

233.5 

Capital
 loss carryovers 

24.7 

23.7 

Accrued
 postretirement benefits 

20.9 

20.2 

Other,
 principally accrued liabilities 

228.5 

190.0 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

497.9 

467.4 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Property,
 plant and equipment 

141.8 

143.9 

Inventory 

12.0 

13.4 

Other 

65.1 

46.1 

Total
 deferred tax liabilities 

218.9 

203.4 

Valuation
 allowance 

(268.2 

(255.4 

Net
 deferred tax liabilities 

10.8 

8.6 

Deferred taxes are
included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008
as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Prepaid
 expenses 

45.2 

24.8 

Deposits,
 receivables, and other assets 

219.0 

101.3 

Deferred
 taxes 

(253.4 

(117.5 

Net
 deferred tax liabilities 

10.8 

8.6 

The
Company reviews the likelihood that it will realize the benefit of its deferred
tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly
basis, or whenever events indicate that a review is required. In determining the requirement for a
valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the
legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset is
considered, along with other positive and negative evidence. 

129 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The provision for income
taxes consists of the following: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Current: 

U.S.
 Federal 

2.8 

(0.4 

State 

(0.5 

0.6 

0.4 

Foreign 

123.3 

213.0 

144.3 

125.6 

213.2 

144.7 

Deferred: 

U.S.
 Federal 

4.0 

0.3 

State 

(1.3 

(3.2 

(4.0 

Foreign 

53.5 

9.8 

(1.9 

52.2 

10.6 

(5.6 

Total: 

U.S.
 Federal 

2.8 

3.6 

0.3 

State 

(1.8 

(2.6 

(3.6 

Foreign 

176.8 

222.8 

142.4 

177.8 

223.8 

139.1 

The provision for income
taxes was calculated based on the following components of earnings before
income taxes: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

100.3 

191.2 

37.4 

Foreign 

540.3 

698.9 

687.3 

640.6 

890.1 

724.7 

130 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A reconciliation of the
provision for income taxes based on the statutory U.S. Federal tax rate of 35 
to the provision for income taxes is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Tax
 provision (benefit) on pretax earnings (loss) from continuing operations at
 statutory U.S. Federal tax rate 

224.2 

311.5 

253.7 

Increase
 (decrease) in provision for income taxes due to: 

Valuation
 allowance - U.S. 

(34.0 

(53.7 

(538.3 

Foreign
 subsidiary ownership restructuring and incentives 

10.8 

35.1 

535.9 

Foreign
 source income taxable in the U.S. 

6.1 

11.3 

29.3 

Reversal
 of non-U.S. tax valuation allowance 

(0.9 

(13.4 

Foreign
 tax credit utilization 

(47.9 

State
 taxes, net of federal benefit 

0.8 

(1.3 

(4.8 

Rate
 differences on non-U.S. earnings 

(24.1 

(55.3 

(65.8 

Adjustment
 for non-U.S. tax law changes 

(0.6 

(20.1 

(9.9 

Other
 items 

(4.5 

(3.7 

0.3 

Provision
 for income taxes 

177.8 

223.8 

139.1 

In
2007 the Company implemented a plan to restructure the ownership and
intercompany obligations of certain foreign subsidiaries. These actions resulted in taxation of a
significant portion of previously unremitted foreign earnings and will transfer
a portion of the Company s debt service obligations to operations outside the
U.S. in order to better balance operating cash flows with financing costs on a
global basis. The foreign earnings
reported as taxable in the U.S. were offset by net operating loss carryforwards
and foreign tax credits. Foreign tax
credit carryforwards arising from the restructuring were fully offset by an
increase in the valuation allowance. 

The Company has
recognized tax benefits as a result of incentives in certain non-U.S.
jurisdictions which expire between 2012 and 2015. 

The Company is included
in OI Inc. s consolidated tax returns. 
OI Inc. has net operating losses, capital losses, alternative minimum
tax credits, and research and development credits available to offset future
U.S. Federal income tax. 

At December 31,
2009, the Company s equity in the undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries for which income taxes had not been provided approximated 1,823.4
million. The Company intends to reinvest
these earnings indefinitely in the non-U.S. operations. It is not practicable
to estimate the U.S. and foreign tax which would be payable should these
earnings be distributed. 

The
Company records a liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain
tax positions. In 2008, the Company reclassified 28.5 million of deferred tax
assets related to general business credits and net operating losses that were
previously offset by a full valuation allowance to the liability for
unrecognized tax benefits. This balance
sheet reclassification had no effect on share owners equity. The Company accrues interest and penalties
associated with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax
expense. 

131 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
following is a reconciliation of the Company s total gross unrecognized tax benefits
for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Balance
 at January 1 

103.1 

53.0 

45.8 

Additions
 for tax positions of prior years 

20.1 

51.2 

0.1 

Reductions
 for tax positions of prior years 

(2.1 

(2.5 

Additions
 based on tax positions related to the current year 

17.1 

6.1 

11.0 

Reductions
 due to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations 

(4.1 

(3.1 

(1.4 

Foreign
 currency translation 

(7.8 

Reductions
 due to settlements 

(2.0 

Balance
 at December 31 

128.4 

103.1 

53.0 

At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits were 23.2 million and 14.5 million,
respectively. Tax expense for the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 included interest and penalties of
 10.6 million, 10.7 million and 0.6 million, respectively, on
unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
unrecognized tax benefit liability, including interest and penalties, as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 was 151.6 million and 117.6 million, respectively. Approximately 97.3 million and 72.7 million
as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, relate to unrecognized tax
benefits, which if recognized, would impact the Company s effective income tax
rate. This amount differs from the gross
unrecognized tax benefits presented in the table above because of the
unrecognized tax benefits that would result in the utilization of certain tax
attribute carryforwards that are currently subject to a full valuation allowance
due to uncertainties about their future period utilization. 

For federal and certain
state income tax purposes, the taxable income of the Company is included in the
consolidated tax returns of OI Inc. and income taxes are allocated to the
Company on a basis consistent with separate returns. Tax years through 1999 have been settled with
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and there is no current IRS examination in
progress. Due to the existence of tax
attribute carryforwards (which are currently offset by full valuation
allowances) in the U.S., the Company treats certain post-1999 tax positions as
unsettled because of the taxing authorities ability to modify these
attributes. The 2000 tax year is the
earliest open year for the Company s other major tax jurisdictions. 

The
Company does not anticipate a significant change in the total amount of
unrecognized income tax benefits within the next twelve months. 

12. Related Party Transactions Charges for administrative services are allocated to
the Company by OI Inc. based on an annual utilization level. Such services include compensation and
benefits administration, payroll processing, use of certain general accounting
systems, auditing, income tax planning and compliance, and treasury
services. Beginning in 2008, the
Company revised its method of allocating corporate expenses. The Company decreased slightly the percentage
allocation based on sales and significantly expanded the number of functions
included in the allocation based on cost of services. 

Allocated costs also include charges associated with
OI Inc. s equity compensation plans. A
substantial number of the options, restricted shares and restricted share units
granted under these plans have been granted to key employees of another
subsidiary of OI Inc., some of whose compensation costs, including stock-based
compensation, are included in an allocation of costs to all operating
subsidiaries of OI Inc., including the Company. 

132 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Management believes that such transactions are on
terms no less favorable to the Company than those that could be obtained from
unaffiliated third parties. 

The following information
summarizes the Company s significant related party transactions: 

Years ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Revenues: 

Sales to affiliated companies 

0.3 

Expenses: 

Administrative services 

14.2 

15.0 

19.5 

Corporate management fee 

70.9 

60.9 

29.1 

Trademark royalties 

19.4 

19.9 

Total expenses 

104.5 

95.8 

48.6 

The above expenses are recorded in the statement
 of operations as follows: 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Cost of sales 

1.2 

0.9 

16.9 

Selling, general, and adminstrative expenses 

103.3 

94.9 

31.7 

Total expenses 

104.5 

95.8 

48.6 

Intercompany
interest is charged to the Company from OI Inc. based on intercompany debt
balances. An interest rate is calculated
monthly based on OI Inc. s total consolidated monthly external debt balance and
the related interest expense, including finance fee amortization and commitment
fees. The calculated rate (7.2 at December 31, 2009) is applied monthly
to the intercompany debt balance to determine intercompany interest expense. 

13. Pension Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement
Benefits 

Pension Benefit Plans 

The Company participates
in OI Inc. s defined benefit pension plans for substantially all employees
located in the United States. Benefits
generally are based on compensation for salaried employees and on length of
service for hourly employees. OI Inc. s
policy is to fund pension plans such that sufficient assets will be available
to meet future benefit requirements. 
Independent actuaries determine pension costs for each subsidiary of OI
Inc. included in the plans; however, accumulated benefit obligation information
and plan assets pertaining to each subsidiary have not been separately
determined. As such, the accumulated
benefit obligation and the plan assets related to the pension plans for
domestic employees have been retained by another subsidiary of OI Inc. Net credits to results of operations for the
Company s allocated portion of the domestic pension costs amounted to 3.8
million in 2009, 39.9 million in 2008, and 23.0 million in 2007. 

OI Inc. also sponsors several
defined contribution plans for all salaried and hourly U.S. employees of the
Company. Participation is voluntary and
participants contributions are based on their compensation. OI 

133 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inc. matches
contributions of participants, up to various limits, in substantially all
plans. OI Inc. charges the Company for
its share of the match. The Company s
share of the contributions to these plans amounted to 6.1 million in 2009,
 6.0 million in 2008, and 5.7 million in 2007. 

The Company s
subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Australia, and
many employees of Germany and France also have pension plans covering
substantially all employees. The
following tables relate to the Company s principal defined benefit pension
plans in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Australia, Germany and
France (the International Pension Plans). 

The International Pension
Plans use a December 31 measurement date. 

The changes in the
International Pension Plans benefit obligations for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Obligations at beginning of year 

1,299.4 

1,617.1 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Service cost 

17.6 

22.0 

Interest cost 

79.1 

82.9 

Actuarial (gain) loss, including the effect of
 change in discount rates 

62.4 

(52.7 

Participant contributions 

7.4 

8.8 

Benefit payments 

(73.1 

(89.4 

Plan amendments 

Curtailments 

(1.8 

(9.5 

Settlements 

(30.3 

Special termination benefits 

4.4 

Foreign currency translation 

133.5 

(284.2 

Net change in benefit obligations 

194.8 

(317.7 

Obligations at end of year 

1,494.2 

1,299.4 

134 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The changes in the fair
value of the International Pension Plans assets for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Fair value at beginning of year 

922.0 

1,376.8 

Change in fair value: 

Actual gain (loss) on plan assets 

166.4 

(220.6 

Benefit payments 

(73.1 

(89.4 

Employer contributions 

122.0 

60.1 

Participant contributions 

7.4 

8.8 

Settlements 

(30.3 

Foreign currency translation 

108.2 

(213.7 

Net change in fair value of assets 

300.6 

(454.8 

Fair value at end of year 

1,222.6 

922.0 

The funded status of the
International Pension Plans at year end was as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Plan assets at fair value 

1,222.6 

922.0 

Projected benefit obligations 

1,494.2 

1,299.4 

Plan assets less than projected benefit
 obligations 

(271.6 

(377.4 

Items not yet recognized in pension expense: 

Actuarial loss 

368.9 

362.9 

Prior service credit 

(14.4 

(15.1 

354.5 

347.8 

Net amount recognized 

82.9 

(29.6 

135 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The net amount recognized
is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and
2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Prepaid pension 

46.3 

Current pension liability, included with Other
 accrued liabilities 

(7.9 

(7.2 

Noncurrent pension liability, included with Other
 liabilities 

(310.0 

(370.2 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

354.5 

347.8 

Net amount recognized 

82.9 

(29.6 

The following changes in
plan assets and benefit obligations were recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income at December 31, 2009 as follows: 

Tax 

Pretax 

Effect 

After-tax 

Current year actuarial (gain) loss 

(36.9 

9.9 

(27.0 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

(5.5 

1.4 

(4.1 

Amortization of prior service credit 

0.7 

(0.2 

0.5 

(41.7 

11.1 

(30.6 

Translation 

34.7 

(41.7 

11.1 

4.1 

The accumulated benefit
obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was 1,303.6 million and
 1,129.5 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

136 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The components of the
International Pension Plans net pension expense were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

17.6 

21.9 

25.0 

Interest cost 

79.1 

82.9 

78.8 

Expected asset return 

(78.9 

(96.5 

(94.5 

Curtailment cost 

0.1 

0.1 

Settlement cost 

9.3 

Special termination benefit 

4.4 

Other 

(1.1 

5.2 

Amortization: 

Prior service credit 

(0.7 

(0.6 

(0.1 

Actuarial loss 

5.5 

5.2 

11.4 

Net amortization 

4.8 

4.6 

11.3 

Net expense 

31.9 

16.3 

25.9 

Amounts that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net pension expense
during 2010: 

Amortization: 

Actuarial loss 

21.7 

Prior service credit 

(0.7 

Net amortization 

21.0 

The following information
is for plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of
plan assets at year end: 

2009 

2008 

Projected benefit obligation 

968.4 

1,299.4 

Fair value of plan assets 

650.4 

922.0 

137 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following information
is for plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value
of plan assets at year end: 

2009 

2008 

Accumulated benefit obligations 

834.1 

1,129.5 

Fair value of plan assets 

650.4 

922.0 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine benefit obligations were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Discount rate 

5.64 

5.88 

Rate of compensation increase 

3.54 

2.65 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine net periodic pension costs were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Discount rate 

5.88 

5.46 

4.92 

Rate of compensation increase 

2.65 

3.39 

3.34 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 

6.95 

6.96 

7.16 

Future benefits are
assumed to increase in a manner consistent with past experience of the plans,
which, to the extent benefits are based on compensation, includes assumed
salary increases as presented above. Amortization included in net pension
expense is based on the average remaining service of employees. 

For 2009, the Company s
weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets was 6.95 . In
developing this assumption, the Company evaluated input from its third party
pension plan asset managers, including their review of asset class return
expectations and long-term inflation assumptions. The Company also considered
its historical 10-year average return (through December 31, 2008), which
was in line with the expected long-term rate of return assumption for 2009. 

It is the Company s
policy to invest pension plan assets in a diversified portfolio consisting of
an array of asset classes within established target asset allocation ranges. The
investment risk of the assets is limited by appropriate diversification both
within and between asset classes. The assets for both the U.S. and non-U.S.
plans are primarily invested in a broad mix of domestic and international
equities, domestic and international bonds, and real estate, subject to the
target asset allocation ranges. The assets are managed with a view to ensuring
that sufficient liquidity will be available to meet expected cash flow
requirements. 

The investment valuation policy of the Company is to value investments
at fair value. All investments are valued at their respective net asset values.
Equity securities for which market quotations are readily available are valued
at the last reported sales price on their principal exchange on valuation date
or official close for certain markets. Fixed income investments are valued on a
basis of valuations furnished by a trustee-approved independent pricing
service, which determines valuations for normal institutional-size trading
units of such securities which are generally recognized at fair value as
determined in good 

138 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

faith by the Trustee. Investments in registered investment companies or
collective pooled funds are valued at their respective net asset values. Short-term
investments are stated at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. The
fair value of real estate is determined by periodic appraisals. 

The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value
hierarchy, the Company s pension plan assets at fair value as of December 31,
2009: 

Target 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Allocation 

Cash and cash equivalents 

35.8 

9.9 

45.7 

Equity securities 

405.8 

95.3 

501.1 

36-46 

Debt securities 

515.2 

81.1 

8.8 

605.1 

38-48 

Real estate 

10.9 

10.9 

0-7 

Other 

54.4 

5.4 

59.8 

4-14 

Total assets at fair value 

1,011.2 

191.7 

19.7 

1,222.6 

The following is a
reconciliation of the Company s pension plan assets recorded at fair value
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

29.1 

Net decrease 

(9.4 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

19.7 

The net decrease in the
fair value of the Company s Level 3 pension plan assets is primarily due to
sales of unlisted real estate funds. The change in the fair value of Level 3
pension plan assets due to actual return on those assets was immaterial in
2009. 

Based on exchange rates
at the end of 2009, the Company expects to contribute approximately 10 million
to 15 million to its defined benefit pension plans in 2010. 

139 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following
estimated future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as
appropriate, are expected to be paid in the years indicated: 

Year(s) 

Amount 

2010 

79.7 

2011 

77.8 

2012 

81.1 

2013 

84.8 

2014 

87.7 

2015 - 2019 

443.5 

Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions 

OI Inc. provides certain
retiree health care and life insurance benefits covering substantially all U.S.
salaried and certain hourly employees and substantially all employees in Canada
and The Netherlands. Employees are generally eligible for benefits upon
retirement and completion of a specified number of years of creditable service.
Independent actuaries determine postretirement benefit costs for each
subsidiary of OI Inc.; however, accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
information pertaining to each subsidiary has not been separately determined. As
such, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation has been retained by
another subsidiary of OI Inc. 

The Company s net
periodic postretirement benefit cost, as allocated by OI Inc., for domestic
employees was 6.5 million, 5.8 million, and 8.1 million, at December 31,
2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. 

The Company s
subsidiaries in Canada and the Netherlands also have postretirement benefit
plans covering substantially all employees. The following tables relate to the
Company s postretirement benefit plan in Canada and the Netherlands (the
International Postretirement Benefit Plans). 

140 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The changes in the International Postretirement Benefit Plans
obligations were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Obligations at beginning of year 

67.0 

95.0 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Service cost 

0.9 

1.2 

Interest cost 

4.5 

4.5 

Actuarial (gain) loss, including the effect of
 changing discount rates 

7.9 

(11.9 

Curtailments 

(2.9 

Special termination benefits 

0.9 

Benefit payments 

(3.1 

(3.1 

Foreign currency translation 

11.0 

(16.7 

Net change in benefit obligations 

21.2 

(28.0 

Obligations at end of year 

88.2 

67.0 

The funded status of the International
 Postretirement Benefit Plans at year end was as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Postretirement benefit obligations 

88.2 

67.0 

Items not yet recognized in net postretirement
 benefit cost: 

Actuarial gain (loss) 

(0.6 

6.8 

Net amount recognized 

87.6 

73.8 

The net amount recognized
is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and
2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Current nonpension postretirement benefit,
 included with Other accrued liabilities 

(3.9 

(3.1 

Nonpension postretirement benefits 

(84.3 

(63.9 

Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss 

0.6 

(6.8 

Net liability recognized 

(87.6 

(73.8 

141 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following changes in
benefit obligations were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
at December 31, 2009 as follows: 

Pretax 

Tax 
 Effect 

After-tax 

Current year actuarial loss 

8.6 

(2.2 

10.8 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

0.2 

0.2 

8.8 

(2.2 

11.0 

Translation 

(1.0 

8.8 

(2.2 

10.0 

The Company s nonpension
postretirement benefit obligations are included with other long term
liabilities on the balance sheet. 

The components of
International Postretirement Benefit Plans net postretirement benefit cost were
as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

0.9 

1.2 

1.3 

Interest cost 

4.5 

4.5 

4.0 

Curtailment 

Special termination benefit 

0.9 

Other 

0.1 

Amortization: 

Gain 

(0.1 

(0.1 

(0.3 

Net postretirement benefit cost 

5.3 

6.6 

5.0 

The weighted average
discount rate used to determine the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation was 5.6 and 6.4 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

The weighted average
discount rate used to determine net postretirement benefit cost was 6.4 at December 31,
2009, 4.8 at December 31, 2008, and 5.2 at December 31, 2007. 

The weighted average
assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31 were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 

9.00 

9.00 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to
 decline (ultimate trend rate) 

5.00 

5.00 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

2013 

2010 

142 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Assumed health care cost
trend rates affect the amounts reported for the postretirement benefit
plans. A one-percentage-point change in
assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 

1-Percentage- 

1-Percentage- 

Point Increase 

Point Decrease 

Effect on total of service and interest cost 

0.8 

(0.7 

Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligations 

11.3 

(9.4 

Amortization included in
net postretirement benefit cost is based on the average remaining service of
employees. 

The following estimated
future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate,
are expected to be paid in the years indicated: 

Year(s) 

Amount 

2010 

3.9 

2011 

4.2 

2012 

4.6 

2013 

5.0 

2014 

5.3 

2015 - 2019 

31.2 

Benefits provided by OI
Inc. for certain hourly retirees of the Company are determined by collective
bargaining. Most other domestic hourly
retirees receive health and life insurance benefits from a multi-employer trust
established by collective bargaining. 
Payments to the trust as required by the bargaining agreements are based
upon specified amounts per hour worked and were 7.2 million in 2009, 8.9
million in 2008, and 7.4 million in 2007. 
Postretirement health and life benefits for retirees of foreign
subsidiaries are generally provided through the national health care programs
of the countries in which the subsidiaries are located. 

14. Other Expense Other expense for the year ended December 31,
2009 included the following: 

The Company recognized foreign currency
exchange losses of 28.0 million related to the exchange of Venezuelan bolivars
into U.S. dollars. See Note 8 for
additional information. 

During the fourth quarter of 2009, the
Company recorded charges of 17.3 million 17.6 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for the remeasurement of certain
bolivar-denominated assets and liabilities held outside of Venezuela. See Note 20 for additional information. 

The Company recorded charges totaling
 213.6 million 182.8 million after tax amount attributable to the Company)
for restructuring and asset impairment. 
The charges reflect the 

143 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

additional
decisions reached in the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing
footprint. See Note 15 for additional
information. 

Other expense for the
year ended December 31, 2008 included the
following: 

The Company recorded charges totaling
 132.4 million 110.1 million after tax amount attributable to the Company)
for restructuring and asset impairment. 
The charges reflect the additional decisions reached in the Company s
strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint. See
Note 15 for additional
information. 

During 2008, the Company
also recorded an additional 0.9 million (pretax and after tax amount
attributable to the Company) related to the impairment of the Company s equity
investment in the South American Segment s 50 -owned Caribbean affiliate. 

Other costs and expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2007 included the following: 

In the South American Segment s 50 -owned
Caribbean affiliate, declining productivity and cash flows resulted in
impairment of the Company s equity investment, establishment of valuation
allowances against advances to the affiliate, and accrual of certain contingent
obligations for total charges of 45.0 million 43.9 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) recorded in 2007 with an additional 0.9 million
(before and after tax amount attributable to the Company) recorded in the first
quarter of 2008. 

The Company recorded charges totaling
 55.3 million 40.2 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for
restructuring and asset impairment. The
charges reflect the additional decisions reached in the Company s strategic
review of its global manufacturing footprint. 
See Note 15 for additional
information. 

15. Restructuring Accruals Beginning in 2007, the
Company commenced a strategic review of its global profitability and
manufacturing footprint. The combined
2007, 2008 and 2009 charges, amounting to 401.3 million 333.1 million after
tax amount attributable to the Company), reflect the decisions reached through December 31,
2009 in the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint.
The related curtailment of plant capacity and realignment of selected
operations will result in an overall reduction in the Company s workforce of
approximately 3,250 jobs. Amounts
recorded by the Company do not include any gains that may be realized upon the
ultimate sale or disposition of closed facilities. 

The
Company s decisions to curtail selected production capacity have resulted in
write downs of certain long-lived assets to the extent their carrying amounts
exceeded fair value less cost to sell. 
The Company classified the significant assumptions used to determine the
fair value of the impaired assets, which was not material, as Level 3 in the
fair value hierarchy as set forth in the general accounting principles for fair
value measurements. 

The
Company also recorded liabilities for certain employee separation costs to be
paid under contractual arrangements and other exit costs. 

2007 

 During
the third and fourth quarters of 2007, the Company recorded charges totaling
 55.3 million 40.2 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for
restructuring and asset impairment in Europe 

144 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and
North America. The curtailment of plant
capacity resulted in elimination of approximately 560 jobs and a corresponding
reduction in the Company s workforce. 

2008 

 During
2008, the Company recorded charges totaling 132.4 million 110.1 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset
impairment across all segments as well as in Retained Corporate Costs and
Other. The curtailment of plant capacity
and realignment of selected operations resulted in elimination of approximately
1,240 jobs and a corresponding reduction in the Company s workforce. 

2009 

 During
2009, the Company recorded charges totaling 213.6 million 182.8 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset
impairment across all segments. The
curtailment of plant capacity will result in elimination of approximately 1,450
jobs and a corresponding reduction in the Company s workforce. 

The
Company expects that the majority of the remaining estimated cash expenditures
related to the above charges will be paid out by the end of 2010. 

Selected
information related to the restructuring accrual is as follows: 

Employee 
 Costs 

Asset 
 Impairment 

Other 

Total 

2007 Charges 

26.1 

22.3 

6.9 

55.3 

Write-down of
 assets to net realizable value 

(22.3 

(2.4 

(24.7 

Total
 restructuring accrual at December 31, 2007 

26.1 

4.5 

30.6 

2008 charges 

70.1 

32.5 

29.8 

132.4 

Write-down of
 assets to net realizable value 

(32.5 

(4.7 

(37.2 

Net cash paid,
 principally severance and related benefits 

(35.6 

(7.2 

(42.8 

Other,
 principally foreign exchange translation 

(13.0 

(6.1 

(19.1 

Total
 restructuring accrual at December 31, 2008 

47.6 

16.3 

63.9 

2009 charges 

116.3 

78.7 

18.6 

213.6 

Write-down of
 assets to net realizable value 

(78.7 

(78.7 

Net cash paid,
 principally severance and related benefits 

(60.8 

(7.5 

(68.3 

Other,
 principally foreign exchange translation 

(8.8 

(1.6 

(10.4 

Remaining
 restructuring accrual as of December 31, 2009 

94.3 

25.8 

120.1 

16. Contingencies Certain litigation is pending against the Company, in
many cases involving ordinary and routine claims incidental to the business of
the Company and in others presenting allegations that are nonroutine and
involve compensatory, punitive or treble damage claims as well as other types
of relief. The Company records a
liability for such matters when it is both probable that the liability has been
incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Recorded amounts are reviewed and adjusted to
reflect changes in the factors upon which the estimates are based including
additional information, negotiations, settlements, and other events. The
ultimate legal and financial liability of the Company in respect to this
pending litigation cannot reasonably be estimated. However, the Company believes, based on its
examination and review of such matters and experience to date, that such
ultimate liability will not have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations or financial condition. 

145 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

17. Segment Information The Company has
four reportable segments based on its four geographic locations: (1) Europe; (2) North America; (3) South
America; (4) Asia Pacific. These
four segments are aligned with the Company s internal approach to managing,
reporting, and evaluating performance of its global glass operations. Certain assets and activities not directly
related to one of the regions or to glass manufacturing are reported with
Other. These include licensing,
equipment manufacturing, global engineering, and non-glass equity investments. 

The
Company s measure of profit for its reportable segments is Segment Operating
Profit, which consists of consolidated earnings before interest income,
interest expense, and provision for income taxes and excludes amounts related
to certain items that management considers not representative of ongoing
operations. The Company s management
uses Segment Operating Profit, in combination with selected cash flow
information, to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. 

Segment
Operating Profit for reportable segments includes an allocation of some
corporate expenses based on both a percentage of sales and direct billings
based on the costs of specific services provided. Beginning in 2008, the OI
Inc. revised its method of allocating corporate expenses. OI Inc. decreased slightly the percentage
allocation based on sales and significantly expanded the number of functions
included in the allocation based on cost of services. It is not practicable to quantify the net effect of
these changes on periods prior to 2008. 

Financial
information regarding the Company s reportable segments is as follows: 

Net
 Sales: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Europe 

2,917.6 

3,497.8 

3,298.7 

North America 

2,074.3 

2,209.7 

2,271.3 

South America 

1,104.1 

1,135.9 

970.7 

Asia Pacific 

925.0 

964.1 

934.3 

Reportable segment totals 

7,021.0 

7,807.5 

7,475.0 

Other 

45.5 

77.2 

91.7 

Net sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

Segment
 Operating Profit: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Europe 

332.6 

477.8 

433.0 

North America 

281.5 

185.2 

265.1 

South America 

250.6 

331.0 

254.9 

Asia Pacific 

131.3 

162.8 

154.0 

Reportable segment totals 

996.0 

1,156.8 

1,107.0 

Items excluded from Segment Operating Profit: 

Other 

15.8 

68.1 

47.3 

Restructuring and asset impairments 

(213.6 

(133.3 

(100.3 

Charge for Venezuela currency remeasurement 

(17.3 

Interest income 

41.1 

36.1 

26.9 

Interest expense 

(181.4 

(237.6 

(356.2 

Earnings before income taxes 

640.6 

890.1 

724.7 

146 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total 

North 

South 

Asia 

Reportable 

Consolidated 

Europe 

America 

America 

Pacific 

Segments 

Other 

Totals 

Total assets: 

2009 

3,852.3 

1,889.5 

855.9 

1,683.0 

8,280.7 

100.4 

8,381.1 

2008 

3,758.4 

1,792.3 

976.2 

1,239.6 

7,766.5 

127.9 

7,894.4 

2007 

4,124.1 

1,936.0 

965.7 

1,558.1 

8,583.9 

94.6 

8,678.5 

Equity earnings: 

2009 

12.5 

14.2 

26.7 

25.9 

52.6 

2008 

14.1 

12.6 

26.7 

24.1 

50.8 

2007 

8.0 

10.4 

(2.7 

15.7 

18.4 

34.1 

Capital expenditures (1): 

2009 

169.7 

103.0 

66.9 

81.5 

421.1 

4.6 

425.7 

2008 

151.9 

90.5 

57.3 

57.6 

357.3 

3.6 

360.9 

2007 

129.2 

65.9 

51.1 

42.0 

288.2 

2.2 

290.4 

Depreciation and amortization expense: 

2009 

178.6 

98.9 

50.1 

67.1 

394.7 

2.8 

397.5 

2008 

222.0 

98.7 

56.5 

80.4 

457.6 

2.6 

460.2 

2007 

210.3 

107.3 

54.3 

81.7 

453.6 

2.2 

455.8 

(1) Excludes property, plant and equipment acquired through
acquisitions. 

The Company s net
property, plant, and equipment by geographic segment are as follows: 

United 

States 

Foreign 

Total 

2009 

599.7 

2,103.1 

2,702.8 

2008 

636.3 

1,966.1 

2,602.4 

2007 

633.1 

2,271.1 

2,904.2 

The Company s net sales by geographic segment are as follows: 

United 

States 

Foreign 

Total 

2009 

1,877.5 

5,189.0 

7,066.5 

2008 

1,894.8 

5,989.9 

7,884.7 

2007 

1,920.6 

5,646.1 

7,566.7 

Operations in individual countries outside the United States that
accounted for more than 10 of consolidated net sales were in Italy (2009 -
10.4 , 2008 - 10.7 , 2007 - 10.1 and France (2009 - 13.0 , 2008 - 14.7 , 2007
- - 19.3 ). 

147 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. Additional Interest Charges from Early
Extinguishment of Debt During 2009, the Company
recorded additional interest charges of 5.2 million (pretax and after tax) for
note repurchase premiums and the write-off of unamortized finance fees related
to intercompany debt that was repaid prior to its maturity. During 2007, the Company recorded additional
interest charges of 9.5 million 8.8 million after tax) for note repurchase
premiums and the write-off of unamortized finance fees related to debt that was
repaid prior to its maturity. 

19. Goodwill The changes
in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2007,
2008 and 2009 are as follows: 

North 

Asia 

South 

America 

Europe 

Pacific 

America 

Other 

Total 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2007 

721.6 

1,017.0 

502.1 

14.5 

2,255.2 

Translation
 effects 

25.1 

115.3 

54.6 

195.0 

Other
 changes 

(1.1 

(13.0 

(8.0 

(22.1 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2007 

745.6 

1,119.3 

556.7 

6.5 

2,428.1 

Translation
 effects 

(28.8 

(58.2 

(123.1 

0.3 

(209.8 

Other
 changes 

(10.1 

(0.7 

(10.8 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2008 

716.8 

1,051.0 

433.6 

6.1 

2,207.5 

Translation
 effects 

18.9 

29.6 

124.8 

173.3 

Other
 changes 

0.2 

0.2 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2009 

735.7 

1,080.6 

558.4 

6.3 

2,381.0 

Goodwill
for the Asia Pacific segment is net of accumulated impairment losses of 494.0
million. 

During
the fourth quarters of 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company completed its annual
impairment testing and determined that no impairment existed. 

20. Venezuelan Operations Venezuelan government
restrictions on transfers of cash out of the country have limited the Company s
ability to immediately access cash at the government s official exchange rate,
which, as of December 31, 2009, had remained fixed at 2.15 bolivars to the
U.S. dollar since early 2005. The
Company has been able to obtain U.S. dollars at the official rate to pay for
some of its key raw materials and other imports. However, in 2009, the Venezuelan government
significantly slowed the process of exchanging bolivars to U.S. dollars at the
official rate. As a result, the Company s
cash balance in Venezuela increased as earnings accumulated. The Company has the ability to access the
cash in Venezuela more quickly through a market-driven parallel exchange
process which, at December 31, 2009, valued the bolivar about 60 lower
than the official exchange rate. During
the last half of 2009, the Company entered into a series of parallel market
transactions in order to exchange Venezuelan bolivars into U.S. dollars, and
recognized foreign currency exchange losses of 28.0 million. The Company will continue to pursue currency
exchange at official rates to pay for its approved imports and to remit
earnings. However, it will also monitor
conditions in Venezuela and presently intends to continue transferring cash
generated in the country through parallel market transactions. 

Due to the government restrictions on currency exchange in Venezuela
discussed above, the Company used the parallel market rate to translate the
balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries as of December 31,
2009. The impact of this change from the
official exchange rate was an approximate 60 reduction in the reported U.S.
dollar amounts for all assets and liabilities of the Company s Venezuelan
subsidiaries, and a resulting 132.5 million charge recorded in the cumulative
translation adjustment 

148 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

component of other comprehensive income and 45.9 million charge
recorded against noncontrolling interests. 
In addition, the Company remeasured certain bolivar-denominated assets
and liabilities held outside of Venezuela to the parallel market rate and
recorded a charge of 17.3 million in December 2009. The adoption of the parallel market rate will
have an adverse impact on the Company s South American segment operating profit
in future periods as most of the revenues and costs of the Company s Venezuelan
operations will be translated into fewer U.S. dollars. The Company s Venezuelan operations
represented approximately 40 of the South American segment operating profit
for 2009, including the 28.0 million foreign exchange losses recognized by the
Company from the parallel market transactions noted above. 

In addition, inflation in Venezuela has continued at an accelerated
rate, and, beginning January 1, 2010, Venezuela s economy will be
considered highly inflationary. For
accounting purposes, an economy is deemed to be highly inflationary when the
three-year cumulative rate of inflation exceeds 100 . Under the highly-inflationary basis of
accounting, the Company must adopt the U.S. dollar as the functional currency
for its Venezuelan operations as of January 1, 2010. Any subsequent movements in the bolivar to
U.S. dollar exchange rate will be recognized in the results of operations. In addition, monetary assets (such as cash
and receivables) and liabilities (such as payables and accruals) will be
remeasured at the end of each reporting period using the currency exchange rate
at that date. Because the Company has
elected to adopt the parallel market rate and because that rate is subject to
market fluctuation, such remeasurement will increase the volatility of reported
results of operations. 

On January 8, 2010, the Venezuelan government announced the
devaluation of the bolivar and the creation of a two-tiered official exchange
rate. The official exchange rate will
move from 2.15 bolivars to the U.S. dollar to 2.60 for essential goods and 4.30
for non-essential goods. The Venezuelan
government also announced that it will intervene in the parallel exchange
market. The Company is still evaluating
the impact of the bolivar devaluation on its Venezuelan operations. The Company had been able to receive the
official rate of 2.15 for certain raw materials it imports into Venezuela, and believes
that it will receive the essential goods rate of 2.60 for these raw materials
in the future. 

149 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Share Owner of 

 Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related
consolidated statements of results of operations, share owners equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc.
and subsidiaries at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the consolidated results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. 

As discussed in
Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted for the adoption of a
new accounting standard which changed the presentation of noncontrolling
interests in subsidiaries. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Toledo, Ohio 

 February 10, 2010 

150 

Table
of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Owens-Brockway Glass Container Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

Manufacturing, shipping, and delivery 

(5,591.2 

(6,212.3 

(5,968.6 

Gross profit 

1,475.3 

1,672.4 

1,598.1 

Selling and administrative expense 

(428.4 

(440.7 

(401.5 

Research, development, and engineering expense 

(58.8 

(66.7 

(65.8 

Net intercompany interest income (expense) 

13.6 

(32.3 

4.0 

Other interest expense 

(181.4 

(205.3 

(360.2 

Other expense 

(282.3 

(149.2 

(142.3 

Other income 

102.6 

111.9 

92.4 

Earnings before income taxes 

640.6 

890.1 

724.7 

Provision for income taxes 

(177.8 

(223.8 

(139.1 

Net earnings 

462.8 

666.3 

585.6 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.5 

Net earnings attributable to the Company 

426.8 

596.1 

526.1 

See accompanying
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

151 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Owens-Brockway Glass Container Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

December
 31, 

2009 

2008 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash, including time deposits of 279.9 307.5 in
 2008) 

528.7 

397.9 

Receivables including amount from related parties of
 3.8 3.8 in 2008), less allowances of 34.9 38.1 in 2008) for losses and
 discounts 

1,000.5 

988.2 

Inventories 

899.7 

999.1 

Prepaid expenses 

110.5 

46.8 

Total current assets 

2,539.4 

2,432.0 

Other assets: 

Equity investments 

114.3 

101.7 

Repair parts inventories 

125.1 

132.5 

Prepaid pension 

46.3 

Deposits, receivables, and other assets 

472.2 

418.3 

Goodwill 

2,381.0 

2,207.5 

Total other assets 

3,138.9 

2,860.0 

Property, plant, and equipment: 

Land, at cost 

243.7 

243.3 

Buildings and equipment, at cost: 

Buildings and building equipment 

1,122.9 

1,021.9 

Factory machinery and equipment 

4,765.5 

4,339.0 

Transportation, office, and miscellaneous
 equipment 

112.8 

96.9 

Construction in progress 

288.4 

194.2 

6,533.3 

5,895.3 

Less accumulated depreciation 

3,830.5 

3,292.9 

Net property, plant, and equipment 

2,702.8 

2,602.4 

Total assets 

8,381.1 

7,894.4 

152 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Owens-Brockway Glass Container Inc. (continued) 

 Dollars in millions 

December
 31, 

2009 

2008 

Liabilities and Share Owners 
 Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term loans 

302.3 

375.6 

Accounts payable including amount to related parties
 of 7.7 7.1 in 2008) 

844.8 

811.8 

Salaries and wages 

160.6 

138.2 

U.S. and foreign income taxes 

110.0 

152.4 

Other accrued liabilities 

356.2 

295.2 

Long-term debt due within one year 

21.6 

18.2 

Total current liabilities 

1,795.5 

1,791.4 

External long-term debt 

2,989.8 

2,413.1 

Deferred taxes 

253.4 

117.5 

Other liabilities 

672.2 

729.8 

Share owners equity: 

Investment by and advances from Parent 

2,425.5 

2,799.0 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

46.5 

(209.2 

Total share owner s equity of the Company 

2,472.0 

2,589.8 

Noncontrolling interests 

198.2 

252.8 

Total share owners equity 

2,670.2 

2,842.6 

Total liabilities and share owners equity 

8,381.1 

7,894.4 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

153 

Table of
Contents 

CONSOLIDATED SHARE OWNERS EQUITY Owens-Brockway Glass
Container, Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

Share Owner s Equity of the Company 

Total Share 
 Owners 
 Equity 

Investment by and 
 Advances from 
 Parent 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Non- 
 controlling 
 Interests 

Balance on January 1, 2007 

1,489.9 

1,287.6 

(4.5 

206.8 

Net intercompany transactions 

955.9 

955.9 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

585.6 

526.1 

59.5 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

319.3 

305.3 

14.0 

Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net
 of tax 

26.2 

26.2 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net of tax 

28.2 

28.2 

Total comprehensive income 

959.3 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock

(28.6 

(28.6 

Balance on December 31, 2007 

3,376.5 

2,769.6 

355.2 

251.7 

Net intercompany transactions 

(566.7 

(566.7 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

666.3 

596.1 

70.2 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

(451.4 

(431.9 

(19.5 

Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net
 of tax 

(99.6 

(99.6 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net of tax 

(32.9 

(32.9 

Total comprehensive income 

82.4 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock

(49.6 

(49.6 

Balance on December 31, 2008 

2,842.6 

2,799.0 

(209.2 

252.8 

Net intercompany transactions 

(800.3 

(800.3 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

462.8 

426.8 

36.0 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

200.5 

228.9 

(28.4 

Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net
 of tax 

(9.3 

(9.3 

Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net of tax 

36.1 

36.1 

Total comprehensive income 

690.1 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock

(62.2 

(62.2 

Balance on December 31, 2009 

2,670.2 

2,425.5 

46.5 

198.2 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

154 

Table
of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 Owens-Brockway Glass Container
Inc. 

 Dollars in millions 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Operating activities: 

Net earnings 

462.8 

666.3 

585.6 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

(36.0 

(70.2 

(59.5 

Non-cash charges (credits): 

Depreciation 

371.8 

427.5 

419.7 

Amortization of intangibles and other deferred
 items 

15.7 

32.7 

36.1 

Amortization of finance fees and debt discount 

10.0 

Deferred tax provision (credit) 

52.2 

10.6 

(5.6 

Restructuring and asset impairment 

213.6 

133.3 

100.3 

Other 

79.1 

103.0 

7.9 

Cash paid for restructuring activities 

(68.3 

(48.9 

(17.8 

Change in non-current operating assets 

34.6 

8.7 

6.4 

Change in non-current liabilities 

(163.3 

(82.0 

(6.0 

Change in components of working capital 

122.1 

(147.3 

26.2 

Cash provided by operating activities 

1,094.3 

1,033.7 

1,093.3 

Investing activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and equipment 

(425.7 

(360.9 

(290.4 

Acquisitions, net of cash 

(5.4 

Advances to equity affiliate - net 

1.6 

(1.6 

Net cash proceeds from divestitures and other 

13.4 

3.0 

14.1 

Cash utilized in investing activities 

(416.1 

(359.5 

(276.3 

Financing activities: 

Additions to long-term debt 

1,080.1 

686.4 

406.4 

Repayments of long-term debt 

(609.7 

(695.4 

(2,092.2 

Increase (decrease) in short-term loans 

(79.4 

(20.6 

(21.5 

Net change in intercompany debt 

(808.1 

(530.9 

1,032.8 

Net receipts (payments) for hedging activity 

14.3 

(45.2 

0.7 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(62.2 

(49.6 

(28.6 

Payment of finance fees 

(14.0 

(6.3 

Cash utilized in financing activities 

(479.0 

(655.3 

(708.7 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 

(68.4 

(22.9 

51.8 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

130.8 

(4.0 

160.1 

Cash at beginning of year 

397.9 

401.9 

241.8 

Cash at end of year 

528.7 

397.9 

401.9 

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

155 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Tabular data dollars in millions 

1. Significant Accounting
Policies 

Basis of
Consolidated Statements The consolidated financial
statements of Owens-Brockway Glass Container Inc. Company include the
accounts of its subsidiaries. Newly
acquired subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial
statements from dates of acquisition. 

The Company uses the
equity method of accounting for investments in which it has a significant
ownership interest, generally 20 to 50 . 
Other investments are accounted for at cost. The Company monitors
investments for other than temporary declines in fair value and records reductions
in carrying values when appropriate. 

The format of the Company s consolidated cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 has been reclassified to
conform to the 2009 presentation. 
Amounts related to cash paid for restructuring activities have been
reclassified from changes in working capital and non-current liabilities and
are now shown separately. 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 10,
2010, the date the financial statements were issued. 

Newly Adopted Financial Statement
Pronouncements Effective January 1, 2009, the Company
adopted the provisions of a new accounting standard which changed the
presentation of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. The format of the
Company s consolidated results of operations, consolidated share owners equity,
and consolidated cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008 and
2007, and consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2008 have been
reclassified to conform to the new presentation which is required to be applied
retrospectively. 

Relationship
with Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc., Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. and Owens-Illinois, Inc. The Company is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Owens-Brockway Packaging, Inc. OB Packaging ), and an
indirect subsidiary of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. OI Group and
Owens-Illinois, Inc. OI Inc. ). 
Although OI Inc. does not conduct any operations, it has
substantial obligations related to outstanding indebtedness and
asbestos-related payments. OI Inc. relies primarily on distributions from
its direct and indirect subsidiaries to meet these obligations. 

For federal and certain
state income tax purposes, the taxable income of the Company is included in the
consolidated tax returns of OI Inc. and income taxes are allocated to the
Company on a basis consistent with separate returns. 

Nature of
Operations The Company is a leading manufacturer of
glass container products. The Company s principal product lines are glass
containers for the food and beverage industries. The Company has glass container operations
located in 21 countries. The principal markets and operations for the Company s
products are in Europe, North America, South America, and Australia. 

Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that
affect certain amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results may differ from those
estimates, at which time the Company would revise its estimates accordingly. 

156 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash 
The Company defines cash as cash and time deposits with maturities of
three months or less when purchased. Outstanding checks in excess of funds on
deposit are included in accounts payable. 

Fair
Value Measurements Fair value is defined as an exit price,
representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. Generally accepted
accounting principles defined a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1: 
Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

 Level
2: Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets,
that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

 Level
3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no
market data, which requires the Company to develop assumptions. 

The carrying amounts reported
for cash, short-term investments and short-term loans approximate fair
value. In addition, carrying amounts
approximate fair value for certain long-term debt obligations subject to
frequently redetermined interest rates. 
Fair values for the Company s significant fixed rate debt obligations
are generally based on published market quotations. 

The Company s derivative
assets and liabilities consist of interest rate swaps, natural gas forwards,
and foreign exchange option and forward contracts. The Company uses an income approach to
valuing these contracts. Interest rate
yield curves, natural gas forward rates, and foreign exchange rates are the
significant inputs into the valuation models. 
These inputs are observable in active markets over the terms of the
instruments the Company holds, and accordingly, the Company classifies its
derivative assets and liabilities as Level 2 in the hierarchy. The Company also evaluates counterparty risk
in determining fair values. 

Derivative Instruments The Company uses
currency swaps, interest rate swaps, options, and commodity futures contracts
to manage risks generally associated with foreign exchange rate, interest rate
and commodity market volatility. Derivative financial instruments are
included on the balance sheet at fair value. 
Whenever possible, derivative instruments are designated
as and are effective as hedges, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 
If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist, all changes in
fair value of the related derivatives that have not been settled are recognized
in current earnings. The Company does
not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes and is not
a party to leveraged derivatives. Cash flows from fair value hedges of debt and
short-term forward exchange contracts are classified as a financing
activity. Cash flows of currency swaps,
interest rate swaps, and commodity futures contracts are classified as operating
activities. See Note 8 for additional information related to derivative
instruments. 

Inventory
Valuation The Company values most U.S. inventories at
the lower of last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost or market. Other inventories are valued at the lower of
standard costs (which approximate average costs) or market. 

Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of cost over
fair value of assets of businesses acquired. 
Goodwill is evaluated annually, as of October 1, for impairment or
more frequently if an impairment indicator exists. 

Intangible
Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets Intangible
assets are amortized over the expected useful life of the asset. Amortization expense directly attributed to
the manufacturing of the Company s products is included in manufacturing,
shipping, and delivery. Amortization
expense related to non- 

157 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

manufacturing activities
is included in selling and administrative and other. The Company evaluates the
recoverability of intangible assets and other long-lived assets based on
undiscounted projected cash flows, excluding interest and taxes, when factors
indicate that impairment may exist. If
impairment exists, the asset is written down to fair value. 

Property,
Plant, and Equipment Property, plant, and equipment PP E is carried at cost and includes expenditures for new facilities and equipment
and those costs which substantially increase the useful lives or capacity of
existing PP E. In general,
depreciation is computed using the straight-line method and recorded over the
estimated useful life of the asset. 
Factory machinery and equipment is depreciated over periods ranging from
5 to 25 years with the majority of such assets (principally glass-melting
furnaces and forming machines) depreciated over 7-15 years. Buildings and building equipment are
depreciated over periods ranging from 10 to 50 years. Depreciation expense directly attributed to
the manufacturing of the Company s products is included in manufacturing,
shipping, and delivery. Depreciation
expense related to non-manufacturing activities is included in selling and administrative.
Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Costs assigned to PP E of acquired
businesses are based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company evaluates the recoverability of
property, plant, and equipment based on undiscounted projected cash flows,
excluding interest and taxes, when factors indicate that impairment may
exist. If impairment exists, the asset
is written down to fair value. 

Revenue
Recognition The Company recognizes sales, net of
estimated discounts and allowances, when the title to the products and risk of
loss are transferred to customers. 
Provisions for rebates to customers are provided in the same period that
the related sales are recorded. 

Shipping
and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs are included with
manufacturing, shipping, and delivery costs in the Consolidated Results of
Operations. 

Income
Taxes on Undistributed Earnings In general, the Company plans to continue
to reinvest the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and foreign
corporate joint ventures accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly, taxes are provided only on that
amount of undistributed earnings in excess of planned reinvestments. 

Foreign
Currency Translation The assets and liabilities of substantially
all subsidiaries and associates are translated at current exchange rates and
any related translation adjustments are recorded directly in share owners 
equity. 

Accounts
Receivable Receivables are stated at amounts
estimated by management to be the net realizable value. The Company charges off accounts receivable
when it becomes apparent based upon age or customer circumstances that amounts
will not be collected. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts is
established through charges to the provision for bad debts. The Company evaluates the adequacy of the
allowance for doubtful accounts on a periodic basis. The evaluation includes historical trends in
collections and write-offs, management s judgment of the probability of
collecting accounts and management s evaluation of business risk. 

New
Accounting Standards In June 2009,
the FASB issued a new standard which amends certain guidance for determining
whether an entity is a variable interest entity (VIE). An enterprise is
required to perform an analysis to determine whether the Company s variable
interests give it a controlling financial interest in a VIE. A company would be
required to assess whether it has an implicit financial responsibility to
ensure that a VIE operates as designed when determining whether it has the
power to 

158 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

direct
the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic
performance. In addition, the new provisions require ongoing reassessments of
whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. The new provisions
are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2009. The Company does not expect the adoption of this Statement to have an
impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Participation in OI Inc. Stock Option
Plans and Other Stock Based Compensation The Company
participates in the equity compensation plans of OI Inc. under which employees
of the Company may be granted options to purchase common shares of OI Inc.,
restricted common shares of OI Inc., or restricted share units of OI Inc. 

Stock
Options 

For
options granted prior to March 22, 2005, no options may be exercised in
whole or in part during the first year after the date granted. In general, subject
to accelerated exercisability provisions related to the performance of OI Inc. s
common stock or change of control, 50 of the options become exercisable on the
fifth anniversary of the date of the option grant, with the remaining 50 
becoming exercisable on the sixth anniversary date of the option grant. 
 In general, options expire following termination of employment or the day
after the tenth anniversary date of the option grant. 

For
options granted after March 21, 2005, no options may be exercised in whole
or in part during the first year after the date granted. In general, subject to change in control,
these options become exercisable 25 per year beginning on the first
anniversary. In general, options expire
following termination of employment or the seventh anniversary of the option
grant. 

The
fair value of options granted before March 22, 2005, is amortized ratably
over five years or a shorter period if the grant becomes subject to accelerated
exercisability provisions related to the performance of OI Inc. s common
stock. The fair value of options granted
after March 21, 2005, is amortized over the vesting periods which range
from one to four years. 

Restricted Shares 

Shares
granted to employees prior to March 22, 2005, generally vest after three
years or upon retirement, whichever is later. 
Shares granted after March 21, 2005, vest 25 per year beginning on
the first anniversary and unvested shares are forfeited upon termination of
employment. Shares granted to directors
prior to 2008 were immediately vested but may not be sold until the third
anniversary of the share grant or the end of the director s then current term
on the board, whichever is later. Shares
granted to the directors after 2007 vest after one year. 

The
fair value of the shares is equal to the market price of the shares on the date
of the grant. The fair value of
restricted shares granted before March 22, 2005, is amortized ratably over
the vesting period. The fair value of
restricted shares granted after March 21, 2005, is amortized over the
vesting periods which range from one to four years. 

Performance Vested Restricted Share Units 

Restricted
share units vest on January 1 of the third year following the year in
which they are granted. Holders of
vested units receive 0.5 to 1.5 shares of OI Inc. s common stock for each unit,
depending upon the attainment of consolidated performance goals established by
the Compensation Committee of OI Inc. s Board of Directors. If minimum goals are not met, no shares will
be issued. Granted but unvested
restricted share units are forfeited upon termination of employment, unless
certain retirement criteria are met. 

159 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
fair value of each restricted share unit is equal to the product of the fair
value of OI Inc. s common stock on the date of grant and the estimated number
of shares into which the restricted share unit will be converted. The fair value of restricted share units is
amortized ratably over the vesting period. 
Should the estimated number of shares into which the restricted share
unit will be converted change, an adjustment will be recorded to recognize the
accumulated difference in amortization between the revised and previous
estimates. 

Accounting 

OI Inc. adopted new
accounting guidance related to s hare-based payments effective January 1,
2006 using the modified-prospective method of adoption, which requires
recognition of compensation cost in the financial statements beginning on the
date of adoption. 

As
discussed in Note 11, costs incurred under these plans by OI Inc. related to stock-based
compensation awards granted directly to the Company s employees are included in
the allocable costs charged to the Company and other operating subsidiaries of
OI Inc. on an intercompany basis. 

2. Supplemental Cash Flow Information Changes in the components of working
capital related to operations (net of the effects related to acquisitions and
divestitures) were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Decrease (increase) in current assets: 

Receivables 

(0.2 

73.8 

(30.1 

Inventories 

152.0 

(77.8 

70.5 

Prepaid expenses 

(43.3 

(7.0 

6.8 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

(73.2 

(123.9 

(13.5 

Salaries and wages 

(13.6 

(18.8 

24.9 

U.S. and foreign income taxes 

73.2 

6.4 

(32.4 

122.1 

(147.3 

26.2 

Interest paid in
cash, including note repurchase premiums in 2009 and 2007, aggregated 157.5
million for 2009, 209.3 million for 2008, and 390.3 million for 2007. 

Income taxes paid
(received) in cash were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

4.1 

(0.3 

0.2 

Foreign 

196.0 

158.4 

149.2 

200.1 

158.1 

149.4 

160 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. Inventories Major classes
of inventory are as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Finished
 goods 

741.5 

831.7 

Work
 in process 

0.8 

0.8 

Raw
 materials 

106.6 

109.8 

Operating
 supplies 

50.8 

56.8 

899.7 

999.1 

If the inventories which
are valued on the LIFO method had been valued at standard costs, which
approximate current costs, consolidated inventories would be higher than
reported by 42.6 million and 32.5 million, at December 31, 2009 and
2008, respectively. 

Inventories which are
valued at the lower of standard costs (which approximate average costs), or
market at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were approximately 772.1 million and
 861.4 million, respectively. 

4. Equity Investments Summarized information pertaining to the Company s
equity associates follows: 

2009 

2008 

At
 end of year: 

Equity
 in undistributed earnings: 

Foreign 

43.5 

31.0 

Domestic 

25.8 

19.6 

Total 

69.3 

50.6 

2009 

2008 

2007 

For
 the year: 

Equity
 in earnings: 

Foreign 

12.5 

14.1 

5.3 

Domestic 

40.1 

36.7 

28.8 

Total 

52.6 

50.8 

34.1 

Dividends
 received 

33.8 

24.5 

21.7 

161 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Summarized combined financial information for
equity associates is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

At end of year: 

Current assets 

218.0 

208.3 

Non-current assets 

314.1 

325.9 

Total assets 

532.1 

534.2 

Current liabilities 

138.5 

167.5 

Other liabilities and deferred items 

145.9 

137.9 

Total liabilities and deferred items 

284.4 

305.4 

Net assets 

247.7 

228.8 

2009 

2008 

2007 (a) 

For the year: 

Net sales 

548.6 

635.8 

535.9 

Gross profit 

199.6 

227.5 

176.5 

Net earnings 

158.0 

153.9 

112.4 

(a) Amounts
for 2007 exclude the Company s Caribbean investment due to the impairment
recorded during 2007. 

The
Company s significant equity method investments include: (1) 50 of the common shares of Vetri
Speciali SpA, a specialty glass manufacturer; (2) a 25 partnership
interest in General Chemical Soda Ash (Partners), a soda ash supplier; and (3) a
50 partnership interest in Rocky Mountain Bottle Company, a glass container
manufacturer. 

162 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. External Debt The following
table summarizes the external long-term debt of the Company at December 31,
2009 and 2008: 

2009 

2008 

Secured
 Credit Agreement: 

Revolving
 Credit Facility: 

Revolving
 Loans 

18.7 

Term
 Loans: 

Term
 Loan A (160.0 million AUD at Dec. 31, 2009) 

143.9 

155.7 

Term
 Loan B 

189.5 

191.5 

Term
 Loan C (110.8 million CAD at Dec. 31, 2009) 

105.4 

90.9 

Term
 Loan D 189.5 million at Dec. 31, 2009) 

273.5 

269.6 

Senior
 Notes: 

8.25 ,
 due 2013 

460.4 

461.1 

6.75 ,
 due 2014 

400.0 

400.0 

6.75 ,
 due 2014 225 million) 

324.7 

316.8 

7.375 ,
 due 2016 

582.1 

6.875 ,
 due 2017 300 million) 

432.9 

422.4 

Other 

99.0 

104.6 

3,011.4 

2,431.3 

Less
 amounts due within one year 

21.6 

18.2 

External
 long-term debt 

2,989.8 

2,413.1 

On June 14,
2006, the Company s subsidiary borrowers entered into the Secured Credit
Agreement (the Agreement ). At December 31,
2009, the Agreement included a 900.0 million revolving credit facility, a
160.0 million Australian dollar term loan, and a 110.8 million Canadian dollar
term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 15, 2012. It also included a 189.5 million term loan
and a 189.5 million term loan, each of which has a final maturity date of June 14,
2013. During 2009, the Company s
subsidiary borrowers repaid 65.0 million Australian dollars, 2.0 million and
 2.0 million of term loans under the Agreement. 

As a result of the
2008 bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and several of its
subsidiaries, the Company believes that the maximum amount available under the
revolving credit facility was reduced by 32.3 million. After further deducting amounts attributable
to letters of credit and overdraft facilities that are supported by the
revolving credit facility, at December 31, 2009 the Company s subsidiary
borrowers had unused credit of 760.0 million available under the Agreement. 

The Agreement
contains various covenants that restrict, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions, the ability of the Company to incur certain liens, make
certain investments and acquisitions, become liable under contingent
obligations in certain defined instances only, make restricted junior payments,
make certain asset sales within guidelines and limits, make capital
expenditures beyond a certain threshold, engage in material transactions with
shareholders and affiliates, participate in sale and leaseback financing
arrangements, alter its fundamental business, amend certain outstanding debt
obligations, and prepay certain outstanding debt obligations. 

The Agreement also
contains one financial maintenance covenant, a Leverage Ratio, that requires
the Company not to exceed a ratio calculated by dividing consolidated total
debt, less cash and cash equivalents, by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, as
defined in the Agreement. The Leverage
Ratio could restrict the ability of the Company to undertake additional
financing to the extent that such financing would cause the Leverage Ratio to
exceed the specified maximum. 

163 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Failure to comply
with these covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default under
the Agreement. In such an event, the
Company could not request borrowings under the revolving facility, and all
amounts outstanding under the Agreement, together with accrued interest, could
then be declared immediately due and payable. 
If an event of default occurs under the Agreement and the lenders cause
all of the outstanding debt obligations under the Agreement to become due and
payable, this would result in a default under a number of other outstanding
debt securities and could lead to an acceleration of obligations related to
these debt securities. A default or
event of default under the Agreement, indentures or agreements governing other
indebtedness could also lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt
instruments that contain cross acceleration or cross-default provisions. 

The leverage ratio
also determines pricing under the Agreement. 
The interest rate on borrowings under the Agreement is, at the Company s
option, the Base Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, as defined in the
Agreement. These rates include a margin
linked to the leverage ratio and the borrowers senior secured debt
rating. The margins range from 0.875 to
1.75 for Eurocurrency Rate loans and from -0.125 to 0.75 for Base Rate
loans. In addition, a facility fee is
payable on the revolving credit facility commitments ranging from 0.20 to
0.50 per annum linked to the leverage ratio. 
The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Agreement
at December 31, 2009 was 2.40 .As of December 31, 2009, the Company
was in compliance with all covenants and restrictions in the Agreement. In addition, the Company believes that it
will remain in compliance and that its ability to borrow funds under the Agreement
will not be adversely affected by the covenants and restrictions. 

Borrowings under
the Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company s
domestic subsidiaries and certain foreign subsidiaries, which have a book value
of approximately 2.4 billion. Borrowings
are also secured by a pledge of intercompany debt and equity in most of the
Company s domestic subsidiaries and stock of certain foreign subsidiaries. All borrowings under the agreement are
guaranteed by substantially all domestic subsidiaries of the Company for the
term of the Agreement. 

During May 2009,
the Company issued senior notes with a face value of 600.0 million at 96.72 
of face value for an effective interest rate of 8.00 . The notes bear interest at 7.375 and are due
May 15, 2016. The notes are
guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries. The net proceeds, after deducting commissions
and expenses from the notes, approximated 568 million and were used to repay
 221.9 million of the Company s 250.0 million intercompany debt with OI Inc
and to reduce borrowings under the revolving credit facility. The balance of the proceeds increased
cash. As a part of the issuance of these
notes and the related repayment of the intercompany debt, the Company recorded
additional interest charges in 2009 of 5.2 million for note repurchase
premiums and the related write-off of unamortized finance fees, net of a gain
from the termination of interest rate swap agreements related to the notes. 

During October 2006,
the Company entered into a European accounts receivable securitization program,
which had a limit of 250 million at December 31, 2009 . The program
extends through October 2011, subject to annual renewal of backup credit
lines. In addition, the Company
participates in a receivables financing program in the Asia Pacific region with
a revolving funding commitment of 89 million Australian dollars and 10 million
New Zealand dollars that expire February 2010 and November 2010,
respectively. 

164 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Information
related to the Company s accounts receivable securitization program as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Balance (included in short-term loans) 

289.0 

293.7 

Weighted average interest rate 

2.52 

5.31 

The Company
capitalized 16.8 million and 25.6 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively,
under capital lease obligations with the related financing recorded as long
term debt. These amounts are included in
other in the long-term debt table above. 

Annual maturities
for all of the Company s long-term debt through 2014 are as follows: 2010, 21.6 million; 2011, 135.0 million;
2012, 164.2 million; 2013, 931.1 million, and 2014, 735.1 million. 

Fair values at December 31,
2009, of the Company s significant fixed rate debt obligations were as follows: 

Principal Amount 

Indicated 

Fair Value 

(millions of 

Market 

(millions of 

dollars) 

Price 

dollars) 

Senior Notes: 

8.25 , due 2013 

450.0 

103.35 

465.1 

6.75 , due 2014 

400.0 

102.25 

409.0 

6.75 , due 2014 225 million) 

324.7 

98.33 

319.3 

7.375 , due 2016 

600.0 

104.00 

624.0 

6.875 , due 2017 300 million) 

432.9 

96.97 

419.8 

6. Operating Leases 
Rent expense attributable to all warehouse, office buildings, and
equipment operating leases was 106.6 million in 2009, 95.4 million in 2008,
and 87.4 million in 2007. Minimum
future rentals under operating leases are as follows: 2010, 55.9 million; 2011, 40.8 million;
2012, 28.4 million; 2013, 18.4 million; 2014, 10.8 million; and 2015 and
thereafter, 7.9 million. 

7. Foreign Currency Transactions 
Aggregate foreign currency exchange gains (losses) included in other
costs and expenses were (29.2) million in 2009, 0.6 million in 2008, and
 (8.1) million in 2007. 

During 2009, the Company
entered into a series of parallel market transactions to exchange Venezuelan
bolivars into U.S. dollars. In the
parallel market, bolivars are valued significantly lower than the official
government rate, giving rise to exchange losses from such transactions. As a result, the Company recognized foreign
currency exchange losses of 28.0 million for the year. 

8. Derivative Instruments The Company has certain derivative assets and
liabilities which consist of interest rate swaps, natural gas forwards, and
foreign exchange option and forward contracts. 
The Company records derivative assets and liabilities at fair value and
classifies them as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

165 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest Rate Swaps Designated as Fair Value Hedges 

In the fourth quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of
2004, the Company entered into a series of interest rate swap agreements with a
total notional amount of 700 million that were to mature in 2010
and 2013. The swaps were executed in order to: (i) convert a portion
of the senior notes and senior debentures fixed-rate debt into floating-rate
debt; (ii) maintain a capital structure containing appropriate amounts of
fixed and floating-rate debt; and (iii) reduce net interest payments and
expense in the near-term. 

The Company s fixed-to-floating
interest rate swaps were accounted for as fair value hedges. Because the
relevant terms of the swap agreements matched the corresponding terms of the
notes, there was no hedge ineffectiveness. Accordingly, the Company recorded
the net of the fair market values of the swaps as a long-term asset (liability)
along with a corresponding net increase (decrease) in the carrying value of the
hedged debt. 

For derivative
instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the change in
the fair value of the derivative instrument related to the future cash flows
(gain or loss on the derivative) as well as the offsetting change in the fair
value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in
current earnings. The Company includes
the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e. long-term debt) in the same line
item (interest expense) as the offsetting loss or gain on the related interest
rate swaps. 

During the second quarter
of 2009, the Company repaid 221.9 million of its 250 million intercompany
debt with OI Inc. As a result of the
debt repayment, the Company terminated the related interest rate swap
agreements for proceeds of 5.0 million. 
The Company recognized 4.4 million of the proceeds as a reduction of
interest expense upon the termination of the interest rate swap agreements,
while the remaining 0.6 million is recorded as an adjustment to the debt and
will be recognized as a reduction of interest expense over the remaining life
of the outstanding intercompany debt due 2010. 
See Note 5 for additional information. 

During the second quarter
of 2009, the Company s interest rate swaps related to the 450 million senior
notes due 2013 were terminated. The
Company received proceeds of 12.4 million which were recorded as an adjustment
to debt and will be recognized as a reduction of interest expense over the
remaining life of the senior notes due 2013. 

As of December 31,
2009, the balance of unamortized proceeds from terminated interest rate swaps
included in long-term debt was 10.6 million. 

166 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of the
interest rate swaps on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in Interest Expense 

2009 

2008 

Interest
 rate swaps 

(11.0 

26.1 

Related
 long-term debt 

11.0 

(26.1 

Proceeds
 recognized and amortized for terminated interest rate swaps 

6.7 

Net
 impact on interest expense 

6.7 

Commodity Futures Contracts
Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 

The Company enters into
commodity futures contracts related to forecasted natural gas requirements, the
objectives of which are to limit the effects of fluctuations in the future
market price paid for natural gas and the related volatility in cash flows. The
Company continually evaluates the natural gas market with respect to its
forecasted usage requirements over the next twelve to twenty-four months and
periodically enters into commodity futures contracts in order to hedge a
portion of its usage requirements over that period. At December 31, 2009,
the Company had entered into commodity futures contracts covering approximately
4,800,000 MM BTUs over that period. 

The Company accounts for
the above futures contracts as cash flow hedges at December 31, 2009 and
recognizes them on the balance sheet at fair value. The effective portion of
changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as, and meets the
required criteria for, a cash flow hedge is recorded in the Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income component of share owners equity OCI and reclassified
into earnings in the same period or periods during which the underlying hedged
item affects earnings. At December 31, 2009, an unrecognized loss of 1.3
million (pretax) related to the commodity futures contracts was included in Accumulated
OCI, and will be reclassified into earnings over the next twelve to twenty-four
months. Any material portion of the
change in the fair value of a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge that
is deemed to be ineffective is recognized in current earnings. The ineffectiveness related to these natural
gas hedges for the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 was not material. 

The effect of the
commodity futures contracts on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in OCI on 
 Commodity Futures Contracts 
 (Effective Portion) 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Reclassified from 
 Accumulated OCI into 
 Income (reported in 
 manufacturing, shipping, and 
 delivery) (Effective Portion) 

2009 

2008 

2009 

2008 

(24.8 

(27.2 

(60.9 

5.7 

167 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Senior Notes Designated as Net
Investment Hedge 

During December 2004,
the Company issued senior notes totaling 225 million. These notes were designated by the Company as
a hedge of a portion of its net investment in a non-U.S. subsidiary with a Euro
functional currency. Because the amount
of the Senior Notes matches the hedged portion of the net investment, there is
no hedge ineffectiveness. Accordingly, the Company recorded the impact of
changes in the foreign currency exchange rate on the Euro-denominated notes in
OCI. The amount recorded in OCI will be
reclassified into earnings when the Company sells or liquidates its net
investment in the non-U.S. subsidiary. 

The effect of the net
investment hedge on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 

Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in OCI 

Location of Gain (Loss) 
 Reclassified from Accumulated 

Reclassified from Accumulated 
 OCI into Income 

2009 

2008 

OCI into Income 

2009 

2008 

(8.8 

15.2 

N/A 

Forward Exchange Contracts not
Designated as Hedging Instruments 

The Company s
subsidiaries may enter into short-term forward exchange or option agreements to
purchase foreign currencies at set rates in the future. These agreements are
used to limit exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for
significant planned purchases of fixed assets or commodities that are
denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries functional currency.
Subsidiaries may also use forward exchange agreements to offset the foreign
currency risk for receivables and payables, including intercompany receivables
and payables, not denominated in, or indexed to, their functional currencies.
The Company records these short-term forward exchange agreements on the balance
sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value are recognized in current
earnings. 

At December 31,
2009, various subsidiaries of the Company had outstanding forward exchange and
option agreements denominated in various currencies covering the equivalent of
approximately 1.0 billion related primarily to intercompany transactions and
loans. 

The effect of the forward
exchange contracts on the results of operations for the year ended December 31,
2009 and 2008 is as follows: 

Location of Loss 
 Recognized in Income on 

Amount of Loss 
 Recognized in Income on 
 Forward Exchange Contracts 

Forward Exchange
 Contracts 

2009 

2008 

Other expense 

(8.3 

(4.2 

168 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Balance Sheet Classification 

The Company records the
fair values of derivative financial instruments on the balance sheet as
follows: (1) receivables if the instrument has a positive fair value and
maturity within one year, (2) deposits, receivables, and other assets if
the instrument has a positive fair value and maturity after one year, (3) accounts
payable and other current liabilities if the instrument has a negative fair
value and maturity within one year, and (4) other liabilities if the
instrument has a negative fair value and maturity after one year. The following table shows the amount and
classification of the Company s derivatives as of December 31, 2009 and
2008: 

2009 

2008 

Balance Sheet 

Fair 

Balance Sheet 

Fair 

Location 

Value 

Location 

Value 

Asset Derivatives: 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Interest rate swaps 

Deposits,
 receivables, and other assets 

29.4 

Commodity futures contracts 

Receivables 

0.4 

Commodity futures contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

0.1 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

0.5 

29.4 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Receivables 

6.0 

Receivables 

19.4 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

0.2 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments 

6.2 

19.4 

Total asset derivatives 

6.7 

48.8 

Liability Derivatives: 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Commodity futures contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

1.8 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

37.4 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

1.8 

37.4 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

2.9 

Receivables 

0.4 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

11.6 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other
 liabilities 

0.1 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments 

2.9 

12.1 

Total liability derivatives 

4.7 

49.5 

169 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 The components of comprehensive income are: (a) net
earnings; (b) change in fair value of certain derivative instruments; (c) pension
and other postretirement benefit adjustments; and (d) foreign currency
translation adjustments. The net effect
of exchange rate fluctuations generally reflects changes in the relative
strength of the U.S. dollar against major foreign currencies between the beginning
and end of the year. 

The following table lists
the beginning balance, yearly activity and ending balance of each component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net
 Effect of 
 Exchange Rate 
 Fluctuations 

Deferred Tax 
 Effect for 
 Translation 

Unfunded 
 Pension 
 Liability 

Change in 
 Certain 
 Derivative 
 Instruments 

Employee 
 Benefit 
 Plans 

Total 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Balance on Jan. 1, 2007 

188.0 

12.7 

(122.9 

(34.9 

(47.4 

(4.5 

2007 Change 

305.3 

28.2 

41.5 

375.0 

Translation effect 

(6.7 

(6.7 

Reclass 

122.9 

2.2 

(125.1 

Tax effect 

(8.6 

(8.6 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2007 

493.3 

12.7 

(4.5 

(146.3 

355.2 

2008 Change 

(431.9 

(32.9 

(200.8 

(665.6 

Translation effect 

46.1 

46.1 

Tax effect 

55.1 

55.1 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2008 

61.4 

12.7 

(37.4 

(245.9 

(209.2 

2009 Change 

228.9 

36.1 

32.8 

297.8 

Translation effect 

(33.7 

(33.7 

Tax effect 

(8.4 

(8.4 

Balance on Dec. 31, 2009 

290.3 

12.7 

(1.3 

(255.2 

46.5 

Exchange rate
fluctuations in 2009 include a loss of 132.5 million related to the Company s
decision to translate the balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries using
the parallel market rate at December 31, 2009 instead of the historic
official rate. See Note 19 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

170 

Table
of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. Income Taxes Deferred
income taxes reflect: (1) the net
tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes and (2) carryovers and credits for income tax purposes. 

Significant components of
the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2009 and
2008 are as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Deferred
 tax assets: 

Tax
 loss carryovers 

223.8 

233.5 

Capital
 loss carryovers 

24.7 

23.7 

Accrued
 postretirement benefits 

20.9 

20.2 

Other,
 principally accrued liabilities 

228.5 

190.0 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

497.9 

467.4 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Property,
 plant and equipment 

141.8 

143.9 

Inventory 

12.0 

13.4 

Other 

65.1 

46.1 

Total
 deferred tax liabilities 

218.9 

203.4 

Valuation
 allowance 

(268.2 

(255.4 

Net
 deferred tax liabilities 

10.8 

8.6 

Deferred taxes are included
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008 as
follows: 

2009 

2008 

Prepaid
 expenses 

45.2 

24.8 

Deposits,
 receivables, and other assets 

219.0 

101.3 

Deferred
 taxes 

(253.4 

(117.5 

Net
 deferred tax liabilities 

10.8 

8.6 

The
Company reviews the likelihood that it will realize the benefit of its deferred
tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly
basis, or whenever events indicate that a review is required. In determining the requirement for a
valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the
legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset is
considered, along with other positive and negative evidence. 

171 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The provision for income
taxes consists of the following: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Current: 

U.S.
 Federal 

2.8 

(0.4 

State 

(0.5 

0.6 

0.4 

Foreign 

123.3 

213.0 

144.3 

125.6 

213.2 

144.7 

Deferred: 

U.S.
 Federal 

4.0 

0.3 

State 

(1.3 

(3.2 

(4.0 

Foreign 

53.5 

9.8 

(1.9 

52.2 

10.6 

(5.6 

Total: 

U.S.
 Federal 

2.8 

3.6 

0.3 

State 

(1.8 

(2.6 

(3.6 

Foreign 

176.8 

222.8 

142.4 

177.8 

223.8 

139.1 

The provision for income
taxes was calculated based on the following components of earnings before
income taxes: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Domestic 

100.3 

191.2 

37.4 

Foreign 

540.3 

698.9 

687.3 

640.6 

890.1 

724.7 

172 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A reconciliation of the
provision for income taxes based on the statutory U.S. Federal tax rate of 35 
to the provision for income taxes is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Tax
 provision (benefit) on pretax earnings (loss) from continuing operations at
 statutory U.S. Federal tax rate 

224.2 

311.5 

253.7 

Increase
 (decrease) in provision for income taxes due to: 

Valuation
 allowance - U.S. 

(34.0 

(53.7 

(538.3 

Foreign
 subsidiary ownership restructuring and incentives 

10.8 

35.1 

535.9 

Foreign
 source income taxable in the U.S. 

6.1 

11.3 

29.3 

Reversal
 of non-U.S. tax valuation allowance 

(0.9 

(13.4 

Foreign
 tax credit utilization 

(47.9 

State
 taxes, net of federal benefit 

0.8 

(1.3 

(4.8 

Rate
 differences on non-U.S. earnings 

(24.1 

(55.3 

(65.8 

Adjustment
 for non-U.S. tax law changes 

(0.6 

(20.1 

(9.9 

Other
 items 

(4.5 

(3.7 

0.3 

Provision
 for income taxes 

177.8 

223.8 

139.1 

In
2007 the Company implemented a plan to restructure the ownership and
intercompany obligations of certain foreign subsidiaries. These actions resulted in taxation of a
significant portion of previously unremitted foreign earnings and will transfer
a portion of the Company s debt service obligations to operations outside the
U.S. in order to better balance operating cash flows with financing costs on a
global basis. The foreign earnings
reported as taxable in the U.S. were offset by net operating loss carryforwards
and foreign tax credits. Foreign tax
credit carryforwards arising from the restructuring were fully offset by an
increase in the valuation allowance. 

The Company has
recognized tax benefits as a result of incentives in certain non-U.S.
jurisdictions which expire between 2012 and 2015. 

The Company is included
in OI Inc. s consolidated tax returns. 
OI Inc. has net operating losses, capital losses, alternative minimum
tax credits, and research and development credits available to offset future
U.S. Federal income tax. 

At December 31,
2009, the Company s equity in the undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries for which income taxes had not been provided approximated 1,823.4
million. The Company intends to reinvest
these earnings indefinitely in the non-U.S. operations. It is not practicable
to estimate the U.S. and foreign tax which would be payable should these
earnings be distributed. 

The
Company records a liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain
tax positions. In 2008, the Company reclassified 28.5 million of deferred tax
assets related to general business credits and net operating losses that were
previously offset by a full valuation allowance to the liability for
unrecognized tax benefits. This balance
sheet reclassification had no effect on share owners equity. The Company accrues interest and penalties
associated with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax
expense. 

173 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The
following is a reconciliation of the Company s total gross unrecognized tax
benefits for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Balance
 at January 1 

103.1 

53.0 

45.8 

Additions
 for tax positions of prior years 

20.1 

51.2 

0.1 

Reductions
 for tax positions of prior years 

(2.1 

(2.5 

Additions
 based on tax positions related to the current year 

17.1 

6.1 

11.0 

Reductions
 due to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations 

(4.1 

(3.1 

(1.4 

Foreign
 currency translation 

(7.8 

Reductions
 due to settlements 

(2.0 

Balance
 at December 31 

128.4 

103.1 

53.0 

At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits were 23.2 million and 14.5 million,
respectively. Tax expense for the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 included interest and penalties of
 10.6 million, 10.7 million and 0.6 million, respectively, on unrecognized
tax benefits. 

The
unrecognized tax benefit liability, including interest and penalties, as of December 31,
2009 and 2008 was 151.6 million and 117.6 million, respectively. Approximately 97.3 million and 72.7 million
as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, relate to unrecognized tax
benefits, which if recognized, would impact the Company s effective income tax
rate. This amount differs from the gross
unrecognized tax benefits presented in the table above because of the
unrecognized tax benefits that would result in the utilization of certain tax
attribute carryforwards that are currently subject to a full valuation
allowance due to uncertainties about their future period utilization. 

For federal and certain
state income tax purposes, the taxable income of the Company is included in the
consolidated tax returns of OI Inc. and income taxes are allocated to the
Company on a basis consistent with separate returns. Tax years through 1999 have been settled with
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and there is no current IRS examination in
progress. Due to the existence of tax
attribute carryforwards (which are currently offset by full valuation
allowances) in the U.S., the Company treats certain post-1999 tax positions as
unsettled because of the taxing authorities ability to modify these
attributes. The 2000 tax year is the
earliest open year for the Company s other major tax jurisdictions. 

The
Company does not anticipate a significant change in the total amount of
unrecognized income tax benefits within the next twelve months. 

11. Related Party Transactions Charges for administrative services are allocated to
the Company by OI Inc. based on an annual utilization level. Such services include compensation and
benefits administration, payroll processing, use of certain general accounting
systems, auditing, income tax planning and compliance, and treasury
services. Beginning in 2008, the
Company revised its method of allocating corporate expenses. The Company decreased slightly the percentage
allocation based on sales and significantly expanded the number of functions
included in the allocation based on cost of services. 

Allocated costs also include charges associated with
OI Inc. s equity compensation plans. A
substantial number of the options, restricted shares and restricted share units
granted under these plans have been granted to key employees of another
subsidiary of OI Inc., some of whose compensation costs, including stock-based
compensation, are included in an allocation of costs to all operating
subsidiaries of OI Inc., including the Company. 

174 

Table of
Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Management believes that such transactions are on
terms no less favorable to the Company than those that could be obtained from
unaffiliated third parties. 

The following information
summarizes the Company s significant related party transactions: 

Years ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Revenues: 

Sales to affiliated companies 

0.3 

Expenses: 

Administrative services 

14.2 

15.0 

19.5 

Corporate management fee 

70.9 

60.9 

29.1 

Trademark royalties 

19.4 

19.9 

Total expenses 

104.5 

95.8 

48.6 

The above expenses are recorded in the statement of operations as
follows: 

Years ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Cost of sales 

1.2 

0.9 

16.9 

Selling, general, and adminstrative expenses 

103.3 

94.9 

31.7 

Total expenses 

104.5 

95.8 

48.6 

Intercompany
interest is charged to the Company from OI Inc. based on intercompany debt
balances. An interest rate is calculated
monthly based on OI Inc. s total consolidated monthly external debt balance and
the related interest expense, including finance fee amortization and commitment
fees. The calculated rate (7.2 at December 31, 2009) is applied monthly
to the intercompany debt balance to determine intercompany interest expense. 

12. Pension Benefit Plans and Other
Postretirement Benefits 

Pension Benefit Plans 

The Company participates
in OI Inc. s defined benefit pension plans for substantially all employees
located in the United States. Benefits
generally are based on compensation for salaried employees and on length of
service for hourly employees. OI Inc. s
policy is to fund pension plans such that sufficient assets will be available
to meet future benefit requirements. 
Independent actuaries determine pension costs for each subsidiary of OI
Inc. included in the plans; however, accumulated benefit obligation information
and plan assets pertaining to each subsidiary have not been separately
determined. As such, the accumulated
benefit obligation and the plan assets related to the pension plans for
domestic employees have been retained by another subsidiary of OI Inc. Net credits to results of operations for the
Company s allocated portion of the domestic pension costs amounted to 3.8
million in 2009, 39.9 million in 2008, and 23.0 million in 2007. 

OI Inc. also sponsors
several defined contribution plans for all salaried and hourly U.S. employees
of the Company. Participation is
voluntary and participants contributions are based on their compensation. OI 

175 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inc. matches
contributions of participants, up to various limits, in substantially all
plans. OI Inc. charges the Company for
its share of the match. The Company s
share of the contributions to these plans amounted to 6.1 million in 2009,
 6.0 million in 2008, and 5.7 million in 2007. 

The Company s
subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Australia, and
many employees of Germany and France also have pension plans covering
substantially all employees. The
following tables relate to the Company s principal defined benefit pension
plans in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Australia, Germany and
France (the International Pension Plans). 

The International Pension
Plans use a December 31 measurement date. 

The changes in the
International Pension Plans benefit obligations for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Obligations at beginning of year 

1,299.4 

1,617.1 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Service cost 

17.6 

22.0 

Interest cost 

79.1 

82.9 

Actuarial (gain) loss, including the effect of
 change in discount rates 

62.4 

(52.7 

Participant contributions 

7.4 

8.8 

Benefit payments 

(73.1 

(89.4 

Plan amendments 

Curtailments 

(1.8 

(9.5 

Settlements 

(30.3 

Special termination benefits 

4.4 

Foreign currency translation 

133.5 

(284.2 

Net change in benefit obligations 

194.8 

(317.7 

Obligations at end of year 

1,494.2 

1,299.4 

176 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The changes in the fair
value of the International Pension Plans assets for the year were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Fair value at beginning of year 

922.0 

1,376.8 

Change in fair value: 

Actual gain (loss) on plan assets 

166.4 

(220.6 

Benefit payments 

(73.1 

(89.4 

Employer contributions 

122.0 

60.1 

Participant contributions 

7.4 

8.8 

Settlements 

(30.3 

Foreign currency translation 

108.2 

(213.7 

Net change in fair value of assets 

300.6 

(454.8 

Fair value at end of year 

1,222.6 

922.0 

The funded status of the
International Pension Plans at year end was as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Plan assets at fair value 

1,222.6 

922.0 

Projected benefit obligations 

1,494.2 

1,299.4 

Plan assets less than projected benefit
 obligations 

(271.6 

(377.4 

Items not yet recognized in pension expense: 

Actuarial loss 

368.9 

362.9 

Prior service credit 

(14.4 

(15.1 

354.5 

347.8 

Net amount recognized 

82.9 

(29.6 

177 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The net amount recognized
is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and
2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Prepaid pension 

46.3 

Current pension liability, included with Other
 accrued liabilities 

(7.9 

(7.2 

Noncurrent pension liability, included with Other
 liabilities 

(310.0 

(370.2 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

354.5 

347.8 

Net amount recognized 

82.9 

(29.6 

The following changes in
plan assets and benefit obligations were recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income at December 31, 2009 as follows: 

Pretax 

Tax 
 Effect 

After-tax 

Current year actuarial (gain) loss 

(36.9 

9.9 

(27.0 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

(5.5 

1.4 

(4.1 

Amortization of prior service credit 

0.7 

(0.2 

0.5 

(41.7 

11.1 

(30.6 

Translation 

34.7 

(41.7 

11.1 

4.1 

The accumulated benefit
obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was 1,303.6 million and
 1,129.5 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

178 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The components of the
International Pension Plans net pension expense were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

17.6 

21.9 

25.0 

Interest cost 

79.1 

82.9 

78.8 

Expected asset return 

(78.9 

(96.5 

(94.5 

Curtailment cost 

0.1 

0.1 

Settlement cost 

9.3 

Special termination benefit 

4.4 

Other 

(1.1 

5.2 

Amortization: 

Prior service credit 

(0.7 

(0.6 

(0.1 

Actuarial loss 

5.5 

5.2 

11.4 

Net amortization 

4.8 

4.6 

11.3 

Net expense 

31.9 

16.3 

25.9 

Amounts that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net pension expense
during 2010: 

Amortization: 

Actuarial loss 

21.7 

Prior service credit 

(0.7 

Net amortization 

21.0 

The following information
is for plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of
plan assets at year end: 

2009 

2008 

Projected benefit obligation 

968.4 

1,299.4 

Fair value of plan assets 

650.4 

922.0 

179 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following information
is for plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value
of plan assets at year end: 

2009 

2008 

Accumulated benefit obligations 

834.1 

1,129.5 

Fair value of plan assets 

650.4 

922.0 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine benefit obligations were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Discount rate 

5.64 

5.88 

Rate of compensation increase 

3.54 

2.65 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine net periodic pension costs were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Discount rate 

5.88 

5.46 

4.92 

Rate of compensation increase 

2.65 

3.39 

3.34 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 

6.95 

6.96 

7.16 

Future benefits are
assumed to increase in a manner consistent with past experience of the plans,
which, to the extent benefits are based on compensation, includes assumed
salary increases as presented above. 
Amortization included in net pension expense is based on the average
remaining service of employees. 

For 2009, the Company s
weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets was 6.95 . In developing this assumption, the Company
evaluated input from its third party pension plan asset managers, including
their review of asset class return expectations and long-term inflation assumptions. The Company also considered its historical
10-year average return (through December 31, 2008), which was in line with
the expected long-term rate of return assumption for 2009. 

It is the Company s
policy to invest pension plan assets in a diversified portfolio consisting of
an array of asset classes within established target asset allocation
ranges. The investment risk of the
assets is limited by appropriate diversification both within and between asset
classes. The assets for both the U.S.
and non-U.S. plans are primarily invested in a broad mix of domestic and
international equities, domestic and international bonds, and real estate,
subject to the target asset allocation ranges. 
The assets are managed with a view to ensuring that sufficient liquidity
will be available to meet expected cash flow requirements. 

The investment valuation policy of the Company is to value investments
at fair value. All investments are
valued at their respective net asset values. Equity securities for which market
quotations are readily available are valued at the last reported sales price on
their principal exchange on valuation date or official close for certain
markets. Fixed income investments are
valued on a basis of valuations furnished by a trustee-approved independent
pricing service, which determines valuations for normal institutional-size
trading units of such securities which are generally recognized at fair value
as determined in good 

180 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

faith by the Trustee. Investments
in registered investment companies or collective pooled funds are valued at
their respective net asset values. 
Short-term investments are stated at amortized cost, which approximates
fair value. The fair value of real
estate is determined by periodic appraisals. 

The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value
hierarchy, the Company s pension plan assets at fair value as of December 31,
2009: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Target 
 Allocation 

Cash and cash equivalents 

35.8 

9.9 

45.7 

Equity securities 

405.8 

95.3 

501.1 

36-46 

Debt securities 

515.2 

81.1 

8.8 

605.1 

38-48 

Real estate 

10.9 

10.9 

0-7 

Other 

54.4 

5.4 

59.8 

4-14 

Total assets at fair value 

1,011.2 

191.7 

19.7 

1,222.6 

The following is a
reconciliation of the Company s pension plan assets recorded at fair value
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

29.1 

Net decrease 

(9.4 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

19.7 

The net decrease in the
fair value of the Company s Level 3 pension plan assets is primarily due to
sales of unlisted real estate funds. The
change in the fair value of Level 3 pension plan assets due to actual return on
those assets was immaterial in 2009. 

Based on exchange rates
at the end of 2009, the Company expects to contribute approximately 10 million
to 15 million to its defined benefit pension plans in 2010. 

181 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following estimated
future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate,
are expected to be paid in the years indicated: 

Year(s) 

Amount 

2010 

79.7 

2011 

77.8 

2012 

81.1 

2013 

84.8 

2014 

87.7 

2015 - 2019 

443.5 

Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions 

OI Inc. provides certain
retiree health care and life insurance benefits covering substantially all U.S.
salaried and certain hourly employees and substantially all employees in Canada
and The Netherlands. Employees are
generally eligible for benefits upon retirement and completion of a specified
number of years of creditable service. Independent actuaries determine
postretirement benefit costs for each subsidiary of OI Inc.; however,
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation information pertaining to each
subsidiary has not been separately determined. 
As such, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation has been
retained by another subsidiary of OI Inc. 

The Company s net
periodic postretirement benefit cost, as allocated by OI Inc., for domestic
employees was 6.5 million, 5.8 million, and 8.1 million, at December 31,
2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. 

The Company s
subsidiaries in Canada and the Netherlands also have postretirement benefit
plans covering substantially all employees. 
The following tables relate to the Company s postretirement benefit plan
in Canada and the Netherlands (the International Postretirement Benefit Plans). 

182 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The changes in the International Postretirement Benefit Plans
obligations were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Obligations at beginning of year 

67.0 

95.0 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Service cost 

0.9 

1.2 

Interest cost 

4.5 

4.5 

Actuarial (gain) loss, including the effect of
 changing discount rates 

7.9 

(11.9 

Curtailments 

(2.9 

Special termination benefits 

0.9 

Benefit payments 

(3.1 

(3.1 

Foreign currency translation 

11.0 

(16.7 

Net change in benefit obligations 

21.2 

(28.0 

Obligations at end of year 

88.2 

67.0 

The funded status of the International Postretirement Benefit Plans at
year end was as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Postretirement benefit obligations 

88.2 

67.0 

Items not yet recognized in net postretirement
 benefit cost: 

Actuarial gain (loss) 

(0.6 

6.8 

Net amount recognized 

87.6 

73.8 

The net amount recognized
is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and
2008 as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Current nonpension postretirement benefit,
 included with Other accrued liabilities 

(3.9 

(3.1 

Nonpension postretirement benefits 

(84.3 

(63.9 

Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss 

0.6 

(6.8 

Net liability recognized 

(87.6 

(73.8 

183 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following changes in
benefit obligations were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income at
December 31, 2009 as follows: 

Pretax 

Tax 
 Effect 

After-tax 

Current year actuarial loss 

8.6 

(2.2 

10.8 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

0.2 

0.2 

8.8 

(2.2 

11.0 

Translation 

(1.0 

8.8 

(2.2 

10.0 

The Company s nonpension
postretirement benefit obligations are included with other long term
liabilities on the balance sheet. 

The components of
International Postretirement Benefit Plans net postretirement benefit cost were
as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

0.9 

1.2 

1.3 

Interest cost 

4.5 

4.5 

4.0 

Curtailment 

Special termination benefit 

0.9 

Other 

0.1 

Amortization: 

Gain 

(0.1 

(0.1 

(0.3 

Net postretirement benefit cost 

5.3 

6.6 

5.0 

The weighted average
discount rate used to determine the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation was 5.6 and 6.4 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

The weighted average
discount rate used to determine net postretirement benefit cost was 6.4 at December 31,
2009, 4.8 at December 31, 2008, and 5.2 at December 31, 2007. 

The weighted average
assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31 were as follows: 

2009 

2008 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 

9.00 

9.00 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to
 decline (ultimate trend rate) 

5.00 

5.00 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

2013 

2010 

184 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Assumed health care cost
trend rates affect the amounts reported for the postretirement benefit
plans. A one-percentage-point change in
assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 

1-Percentage- 

1-Percentage- 

Point Increase 

Point Decrease 

Effect on total of service and interest cost 

0.8 

(0.7 

Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligations 

11.3 

(9.4 

Amortization included in
net postretirement benefit cost is based on the average remaining service of
employees. 

The following estimated
future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate,
are expected to be paid in the years indicated: 

Year(s) 

Amount 

2010 

3.9 

2011 

4.2 

2012 

4.6 

2013 

5.0 

2014 

5.3 

2015 - 2019 

31.2 

Benefits provided by OI
Inc. for certain hourly retirees of the Company are determined by collective
bargaining. Most other domestic hourly
retirees receive health and life insurance benefits from a multi-employer trust
established by collective bargaining. 
Payments to the trust as required by the bargaining agreements are based
upon specified amounts per hour worked and were 7.2 million in 2009, 8.9
million in 2008, and 7.4 million in 2007. 
Postretirement health and life benefits for retirees of foreign
subsidiaries are generally provided through the national health care programs
of the countries in which the subsidiaries are located. 

13. Other Expense Other expense for the year ended December 31,
2009 included the following: 

The Company recognized foreign currency
exchange losses of 28.0 million related to the exchange of Venezuelan bolivars
into U.S. dollars. See Note 7 for
additional information. 

During the fourth quarter of 2009, the
Company recorded charges of 17.3 million 17.6 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) for the remeasurement of certain
bolivar-denominated assets and liabilities held outside of Venezuela. See Note 19 for additional information. 

The Company recorded charges totaling
 213.6 million 182.8 million after tax amount attributable to the Company)
for restructuring and asset impairment. 
The charges reflect the additional decisions reached in the Company s
strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint. See
Note 14 for additional
information. 

185 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other expense for the
year ended December 31, 2008 included the
following: 

The Company recorded charges totaling
 132.4 million 110.1 million after tax amount attributable to the Company)
for restructuring and asset impairment. 
The charges reflect the additional decisions reached in the Company s
strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint. See
Note 14 for additional
information. 

During 2008, the Company also recorded an
additional 0.9 million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the
Company) related to the impairment of the Company s equity investment in the
South American Segment s 50 -owned Caribbean affiliate. 

Other costs and expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2007 included the following: 

In the South American Segment s 50 -owned
Caribbean affiliate, declining productivity and cash flows resulted in
impairment of the Company s equity investment, establishment of valuation
allowances against advances to the affiliate, and accrual of certain contingent
obligations for total charges of 45.0 million 43.9 million after tax amount
attributable to the Company) recorded in 2007 with an additional 0.9 million
(before and after tax amount attributable to the Company) recorded in the first
quarter of 2008. 

The Company recorded charges totaling
 55.3 million 40.2 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for
restructuring and asset impairment. The
charges reflect the additional decisions reached in the Company s strategic
review of its global manufacturing footprint. 
See Note 14 for additional
information. 

14. Restructuring Accruals Beginning in
2007, the Company commenced a strategic review of its global profitability and
manufacturing footprint. The combined
2007, 2008 and 2009 charges, amounting to 401.3 million 333.1 million after
tax amount attributable to the Company), reflect the decisions reached through December 31,
2009 in the Company s strategic review of its global manufacturing footprint.
The related curtailment of plant capacity and realignment of selected
operations will result in an overall reduction in the Company s workforce of
approximately 3,250 jobs. Amounts
recorded by the Company do not include any gains that may be realized upon the
ultimate sale or disposition of closed facilities. 

The
Company s decisions to curtail selected production capacity have resulted in
write downs of certain long-lived assets to the extent their carrying amounts
exceeded fair value less cost to sell. 
The Company classified the significant assumptions used to determine the
fair value of the impaired assets, which was not material, as Level 3 in the
fair value hierarchy as set forth in the general accounting principles for fair
value measurements. 

The
Company also recorded liabilities for certain employee separation costs to be
paid under contractual arrangements and other exit costs. 

2007 

 During
the third and fourth quarters of 2007, the Company recorded charges totaling
 55.3 million 40.2 million after tax amount attributable to the Company) for
restructuring and asset impairment in Europe and North America. The curtailment of plant capacity resulted in
elimination of approximately 560 jobs and a corresponding reduction in the
Company s workforce. 

186 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2008 

 During
2008, the Company recorded charges totaling 132.4 million 110.1 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset
impairment across all segments as well as in Retained Corporate Costs and
Other. The curtailment of plant capacity
and realignment of selected operations resulted in elimination of approximately
1,240 jobs and a corresponding reduction in the Company s workforce. 

2009 

 During
2009, the Company recorded charges totaling 213.6 million 182.8 million
after tax amount attributable to the Company) for restructuring and asset
impairment across all segments. The
curtailment of plant capacity will result in elimination of approximately 1,450
jobs and a corresponding reduction in the Company s workforce. 

The
Company expects that the majority of the remaining estimated cash expenditures
related to the above charges will be paid out by the end of 2010. 

Selected
information related to the restructuring accrual is as follows: 

Employee 
 Costs 

Asset 
 Impairment 

Other 

Total 

2007
 Charges 

26.1 

22.3 

6.9 

55.3 

Write-down
 of assets to net realizable value 

(22.3 

(2.4 

(24.7 

Total
 restructuring accrual at December 31, 2007 

26.1 

4.5 

30.6 

2008
 charges 

70.1 

32.5 

29.8 

132.4 

Write-down
 of assets to net realizable value 

(32.5 

(4.7 

(37.2 

Net
 cash paid, principally severance and related benefits 

(35.6 

(7.2 

(42.8 

Other,
 principally foreign exchange translation 

(13.0 

(6.1 

(19.1 

Total
 restructuring accrual at December 31, 2008 

47.6 

16.3 

63.9 

2009
 charges 

116.3 

78.7 

18.6 

213.6 

Write-down
 of assets to net realizable value 

(78.7 

(78.7 

Net
 cash paid, principally severance and related benefits 

(60.8 

(7.5 

(68.3 

Other,
 principally foreign exchange translation 

(8.8 

(1.6 

(10.4 

Remaining
 restructuring accrual as of December 31, 2009 

94.3 

25.8 

120.1 

15. Contingencies Certain litigation is pending against the
Company, in many cases involving ordinary and routine claims incidental to the
business of the Company and in others presenting allegations that are
nonroutine and involve compensatory, punitive or treble damage claims as well
as other types of relief. The Company
records a liability for such matters when it is both probable that the liability
has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably
estimated. Recorded amounts are reviewed
and adjusted to reflect changes in the factors upon which the estimates are
based including additional information, negotiations, settlements, and other
events. The ultimate legal and financial liability of the Company in respect to
this pending litigation cannot reasonably be estimated. However, the Company believes, based on its
examination and review of such matters and experience to date, that such
ultimate liability will not have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations or financial condition. 

16. Segment Information The Company has
four reportable segments based on its four geographic locations: (1) Europe; (2) North America; (3) South
America; (4) Asia Pacific. These
four segments are aligned with the Company s internal approach to managing,
reporting, and evaluating performance of its 

187 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

global glass operations. Certain
assets and activities not directly related to one of the regions or to glass
manufacturing are reported with Other. 
These include licensing, equipment manufacturing, global engineering,
and non-glass equity investments. 

The
Company s measure of profit for its reportable segments is Segment Operating
Profit, which consists of consolidated earnings before interest income,
interest expense, and provision for income taxes and excludes amounts related
to certain items that management considers not representative of ongoing
operations. The Company s management
uses Segment Operating Profit, in combination with selected cash flow
information, to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. 

Segment
Operating Profit for reportable segments includes an allocation of some
corporate expenses based on both a percentage of sales and direct billings
based on the costs of specific services provided. Beginning in 2008, the OI
Inc. revised its method of allocating corporate expenses. OI Inc. decreased slightly the percentage
allocation based on sales and significantly expanded the number of functions
included in the allocation based on cost of services. It is not practicable to quantify the net effect of
these changes on periods prior to 2008. 

Financial
information regarding the Company s reportable segments is as follows: 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net Sales: 

Europe 

2,917.6 

3,497.8 

3,298.7 

North America 

2,074.3 

2,209.7 

2,271.3 

South America 

1,104.1 

1,135.9 

970.7 

Asia Pacific 

925.0 

964.1 

934.3 

Reportable segment totals 

7,021.0 

7,807.5 

7,475.0 

Other 

45.5 

77.2 

91.7 

Net sales 

7,066.5 

7,884.7 

7,566.7 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Segment
 Operating Profit: 

Europe 

332.6 

477.8 

433.0 

North America 

281.5 

185.2 

265.1 

South America 

250.6 

331.0 

254.9 

Asia Pacific 

131.3 

162.8 

154.0 

Reportable segment totals 

996.0 

1,156.8 

1,107.0 

Items excluded from Segment Operating Profit: 

Retained corporate costs and other 

15.8 

68.1 

47.3 

Restructuring and asset impairments 

(213.6 

(133.3 

(100.3 

Charge for Venezuela currency remeasurement 

(17.3 

Interest income 

41.1 

36.1 

26.9 

Interest expense 

(181.4 

(237.6 

(356.2 

Earnings before income taxes 

640.6 

890.1 

724.7 

188 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Europe 

North 
 America 

South 
 America 

Asia 
 Pacific 

Total 
 Reportable 
 Segments 

Other 

Consolidated 
 Totals 

Total assets: 

2009 

3,852.3 

1,889.5 

855.9 

1,683.0 

8,280.7 

100.4 

8,381.1 

2008 

3,758.4 

1,792.3 

976.2 

1,239.6 

7,766.5 

127.9 

7,894.4 

2007 

4,124.1 

1,936.0 

965.7 

1,558.1 

8,583.9 

94.6 

8,678.5 

Equity earnings: 

2009 

12.5 

14.2 

26.7 

25.9 

52.6 

2008 

14.1 

12.6 

26.7 

24.1 

50.8 

2007 

8.0 

10.4 

(2.7 

15.7 

18.4 

34.1 

Capital expenditures (1): 

2009 

169.7 

103.0 

66.9 

81.5 

421.1 

4.6 

425.7 

2008 

151.9 

90.5 

57.3 

57.6 

357.3 

3.6 

360.9 

2007 

129.2 

65.9 

51.1 

42.0 

288.2 

2.2 

290.4 

Depreciation and amortization expense: 

2009 

178.6 

98.9 

50.1 

67.1 

394.7 

2.8 

397.5 

2008 

222.0 

98.7 

56.5 

80.4 

457.6 

2.6 

460.2 

2007 

210.3 

107.3 

54.3 

81.7 

453.6 

2.2 

455.8 

(1) Excludes
property, plant and equipment acquired through acquisitions. 

The Company s net
property, plant, and equipment by geographic segment are as follows: 

United 
 States 

Foreign 

Total 

2009 

599.7 

2,103.1 

2,702.8 

2008 

636.3 

1,966.1 

2,602.4 

2007 

633.1 

2,271.1 

2,904.2 

The Company s net sales by geographic segment are as follows: 

United 
 States 

Foreign 

Total 

2009 

1,877.5 

5,189.0 

7,066.5 

2008 

1,894.8 

5,989.9 

7,884.7 

2007 

1,920.6 

5,646.1 

7,566.7 

Operations
in individual countries outside the United States that accounted for more than
10 of consolidated net sales were in Italy (2009 - 10.4 , 2008 - 10.7 , 2007 -
10.1 and France (2009 - 13.0 , 2008 - 14.7 , 2007 - 19.3 ). 

189 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

17. Additional Interest Charges from Early
Extinguishment of Debt During 2009, the Company recorded additional interest charges of 5.2
million (pretax and after tax amount attributable to the Company) for note
repurchase premiums and the write-off of unamortized finance fees related to
intercompany debt that was repaid prior to its maturity. During 2007, the Company recorded additional
interest charges of 9.5 million 8.8 million after tax amount attributable to
the Company) for note repurchase premiums and the write-off of unamortized
finance fees related to debt that was repaid prior to its maturity. 

18. Goodwill The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for
the years ended December 31, 2007, 2008 and 2009 are as follows: 

North America 

Europe 

Asia 
 Pacific 

South 
 America 

Other 

Total 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2007 

721.6 

1,017.0 

502.1 

14.5 

2,255.2 

Translation
 effects 

25.1 

115.3 

54.6 

195.0 

Other
 changes 

(1.1 

(13.0 

(8.0 

(22.1 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2007 

745.6 

1,119.3 

556.7 

6.5 

2,428.1 

Translation
 effects 

(28.8 

(58.2 

(123.1 

0.3 

(209.8 

Other
 changes 

(10.1 

(0.7 

(10.8 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2008 

716.8 

1,051.0 

433.6 

6.1 

2,207.5 

Translation
 effects 

18.9 

29.6 

124.8 

173.3 

Other
 changes 

0.2 

0.2 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2009 

735.7 

1,080.6 

558.4 

6.3 

2,381.0 

Goodwill
for the Asia Pacific segment is net of accumulated impairment losses of 494.0
million. 

During
the fourth quarters of 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company completed its annual
impairment testing and determined that no impairment existed. 

19. Venezuelan Operations Venezuelan
government restrictions on transfers of cash out of the country have limited
the Company s ability to immediately access cash at the government s official
exchange rate, which, as of December 31, 2009, had remained fixed at 2.15
bolivars to the U.S. dollar since early 2005. 
The Company has been able to obtain U.S. dollars at the official rate to
pay for some of its key raw materials and other imports. However, in 2009, the Venezuelan government
significantly slowed the process of exchanging bolivars to U.S. dollars at the
official rate. As a result, the Company s
cash balance in Venezuela increased as earnings accumulated. The Company has the ability to access the
cash in Venezuela more quickly through a market-driven parallel exchange process
which, at December 31, 2009, valued the bolivar about 60 lower than the
official exchange rate. During the last
half of 2009, the Company entered into a series of parallel market transactions
in order to exchange Venezuelan bolivars into U.S. dollars, and recognized
foreign currency exchange losses of 28.0 million. The Company will continue to pursue currency
exchange at official rates to pay for its approved imports and to remit
earnings. However, it will also monitor
conditions in Venezuela and presently intends to continue transferring cash
generated in the country through parallel market transactions. 

Due to the government restrictions on currency exchange in Venezuela
discussed above, the Company used the parallel market rate to translate the
balance sheets of its Venezuelan subsidiaries as of December 31,
2009. The impact of this change from the
official exchange rate was an approximate 60 reduction in the reported U.S.
dollar amounts for all assets and liabilities of the Company s Venezuelan
subsidiaries, and a resulting 132.5 million charge recorded in the cumulative
translation adjustment 

190 

Table of Contents 

Owens-Brockway
Glass Container, Inc 

 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

component of other comprehensive income and 45.9 million charge
recorded against noncontrolling interests. 
In addition, the Company remeasured certain bolivar-denominated assets
and liabilities held outside of Venezuela to the parallel market rate and
recorded a charge of 17.3 million in December 2009. The adoption of the parallel market rate will
have an adverse impact on the Company s South American segment operating profit
in future periods as most of the revenues and costs of the Company s Venezuelan
operations will be translated into fewer U.S. dollars. The Company s Venezuelan operations
represented approximately 40 of the South American segment operating profit
for 2009, including the 28.0 million foreign exchange losses recognized by the
Company from the parallel market transactions noted above. 

In addition, inflation in Venezuela has continued at an accelerated
rate, and, beginning January 1, 2010, Venezuela s economy will be
considered highly inflationary. For
accounting purposes, an economy is deemed to be highly inflationary when the
three-year cumulative rate of inflation exceeds 100 . Under the highly-inflationary basis of
accounting, the Company must adopt the U.S. dollar as the functional currency
for its Venezuelan operations as of January 1, 2010. Any subsequent movements in the bolivar to
U.S. dollar exchange rate will be recognized in the results of operations. In addition, monetary assets (such as cash
and receivables) and liabilities (such as payables and accruals) will be
remeasured at the end of each reporting period using the currency exchange rate
at that date. Because the Company has
elected to adopt the parallel market rate and because that rate is subject to
market fluctuation, such remeasurement will increase the volatility of reported
results of operations. 

On January 8, 2010, the Venezuelan government announced the
devaluation of the bolivar and the creation of a two-tiered official exchange
rate. The official exchange rate will
move from 2.15 bolivars to the U.S. dollar to 2.60 for essential goods and 4.30
for non-essential goods. The Venezuelan
government also announced that it will intervene in the parallel exchange
market. The Company is still evaluating
the impact of the bolivar devaluation on its Venezuelan operations. The Company had been able to receive the
official rate of 2.15 for certain raw materials it imports into Venezuela, and
believes that it will receive the essential goods rate of 2.60 for these raw
materials in the future. 

191 

Table
of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

OWENS-ILLINOIS GROUP,
 INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 

/s/ James W. Baehren 

James
 W. Baehren 

Attorney-in-fact 

Date: February 10, 2010 

192 

Table of
Contents 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc.
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 

Title 

Albert P.L. Stroucken 

Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Edward C. White 

President (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer); Director 

James W. Baehren 

Vice President and
 Secretary; Director 

L. Richard Crawford 

Director 

By: 

/s/ James W. Baehren 

James W. Baehren 

Attorney-in-fact 

Date: February 10, 2010 

193 

Table of
Contents 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

Financial Statement Schedule of Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries: 

For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and
2007: 

PAGE 

II 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Consolidated) 

S-1 

Table of
Contents 

OWENS-ILLINOIS GROUP, INC. 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND
QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (CONSOLIDATED) 

Years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 

 (Millions of Dollars) 

Reserves deducted from assets in the balance sheets: 

Allowances for losses and discounts on receivables 

Additions 

Balance at 
 beginning 
 of period 

Charged to 
 costs and 
 expenses 

Other 

Deductions 
 (Note 1) 

Balance 
 at end of 
 period 

2009 

39.7 

1.7 

(4.3 

(0.6 

36.5 

2008 

36.0 

8.1 

(0.7 

3.7 

39.7 

2007 

28.7 

4.1 

8.1 

4.9 

36.0 

(1) Deductions from allowances for losses and
discounts on receivables represent uncollectible notes and accounts written
off. 

S-1 

<EX-12>
 2
 a09-35971_1ex12.htm
 EX-12

EXHIBIT 12 

OWENS-ILLINOIS
GROUP, INC. 

 COMPUTATION OF
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

 (Millions of
dollars, except ratios) 

Years ended December 31, 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Earnings from continuing operations before income
 taxes 

505.3 

808.4 

621.6 

Less: Equity earnings 

(52.6 

(50.8 

(34.1 

Add: Total fixed charges deducted from earnings 

246.6 

260.5 

362.7 

Proportional share of pre-tax earnings of 50 
 owned associates 

25.6 

12.6 

7.7 

Dividends received from equity investees 

33.8 

24.5 

21.7 

Earnings available for payment of fixed charges 

758.7 

1,055.2 

979.6 

Fixed charges (including the Company s proportional
 share of 50 owned 
 associates): 

Interest expense 

230.4 

245.1 

340.0 

Portion of operating lease rental deemed to be
 interest 

5.8 

7.5 

14.1 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt
 discount expense 

10.4 

7.9 

8.6 

Total fixed charges deducted from earnings 

246.6 

260.5 

362.7 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 

3.1 

4.1 

2.7 

1 

OWENS-ILLINOIS
GROUP, INC. 

 COMPUTATION OF
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

 (Millions of
dollars, except ratios) 

Years ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
 income taxes 

285.1 

(72.1 

Less: Equity earnings 

(23.4 

(20.5 

Add: Total fixed charges deducted from earnings 

361.3 

336.5 

Proportional share of pre-tax earnings of 50 
 owned associates 

7.9 

8.9 

Dividends received from equity investees 

43.5 

11.0 

Earnings available for payment of fixed charges 

674.4 

263.8 

Fixed charges (including the Company s proportional
 share of 50 owned associates): 

Interest expense 

343.3 

318.7 

Portion of operating lease rental deemed to be
 interest 

12.3 

11.1 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt
 discount expense 

5.7 

6.7 

Total fixed charges deducted from earnings 

361.3 

336.5 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 

1.9 

2.2 

2 

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 3
 a09-35971_1ex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF OWENS-ILLINOIS GROUP, INC. 

Owens-Illinois
Group, Inc. had the following subsidiaries at December 31, 2009
(subsidiaries are indented following their respective parent companies): 

State/Country 

of Incorporation 

or
 Organization 

OI
 General Finance Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 General FTS Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 Castalia STS Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 Levis Park STS Inc. 

Delaware 

Owens-Illinois
 General Inc. 

Delaware 

Owens
 Insurance, Ltd. 

Bermuda 

Universal
 Materials, Inc. 

Ohio 

Sovereign
 Air, L.L.C. 

Delaware 

OI
 Advisors, Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 Securities, Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 Transfer, Inc. 

Delaware 

Maumee
 Air Associates Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 Australia Inc. 

Delaware 

Continental
 PET Holdings Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

ACI
 America Holdings Inc. 

Delaware 

ACI
 Ventures, Inc. 

Delaware 

Owens-Brockway
 Packaging, Inc. 

Delaware 

Owens-Brockway
 Glass Container Inc. 

Delaware 

Brockway
 Realty Corporation 

Pennsylvania 

NHW
 Auburn, LLC 

Delaware 

OI
 Auburn Inc. 

Delaware 

SeaGate, Inc. 

Ohio 

SeaGate
 II, Inc. 

Delaware 

SeaGate
 III, Inc. 

Delaware 

OIB
 Produvisa Inc. 

Delaware 

OI
 California Containers Inc. 

Delaware 

OI Puerto Rico STS Inc. 

Delaware 

O-I
 Caribbean Sales Distibution Inc. 

Delaware 

Bolivian
 Investments, Inc. 

Delaware 

Fabrica Boliviana de Vidrios S.A. 

Bolivia 

OI
 International Holdings Inc. 

Delaware 

O-I
 Holding LLC 

Delaware 

OI
 Global C.V. 

Netherlands 

OI
 Hungary LLC 

Delaware 

O-I
 Manufacturing Hungary Limited 

Hungary 

E-1 

Subsidiairies of the
Registrant (continued) 

State/Country 

of Incorporation 

Name 

or Organization 

OI
 Ecuador STS LLC 

Delaware 

Cristaleria del Ecuador, S. A. 

Ecuador 

OI
 European Group B.V. 

Netherlands 

Owens-Illinois
 (Australia) Pty Ltd 

Australia 

ACI
 Packaging Services Pty Ltd 

Australia 

ACI
 Technical Services Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

ACI
 Operations Pty Ltd 

Australia 

ACI
 Plastics Packaging (Thailand) Ltd. 

Thailand 

Australian
 Consolidated Industries Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

ACI
 International Pty Ltd 

Australia 

OI
 Andover Group Inc. 

Delaware 

The
 Andover Group, Inc. 

Delaware 

ACI
 Glass Packaging Penrith Pty Ltd 

Australia 

PT
 Kangar Consolidated Industries 

Indonesia 

Owens-Illinois
 (NZ) Limited 

New Zealand 

ACI
 Operations NZ Limited 

New Zealand 

OI
 China LLC 

Delaware 

Wuhan
 Owens Glass Container Company Limited 

China 

Owens-Illinois
 (HK) Limited 

Hong Kong 

ACI
 Guangdong Limited 

Hong Kong 

ACI
 Guangdong Glass Company Limited 

China 

ACI
 Shanghai Limited 

Hong Kong 

ACI
 Shanghai Glass Company Limited 

China 

ACI
 Tianjin Limited 

Hong Kong 

ACI
 Tianjin Mould Company Limited 

China 

Owens-Illinois
 Services H.K. Limited 

Hong Kong 

ACI
 Beijing Limited 

Hong Kong 

OI
 Tianjin Glass Co. Ltd. 

China 

ACI
 Finance Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

O-I
 Birmingham Machine Assembly Limited 

United Kingdom 

O-I
 Asia-Pacific Holdings 

Mauritius 

O-I
 Trading (Shanghai) Company Ltd. 

China 

O-I
 Europe Sarl 

Switzerland 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution Netherlands B.V. 

Netherlands 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution Germany GmbH 

Germany 

E-2 

Subsidiaries of the
Registrant (continued) 

State/Country 

of Incorporation 

Name 

or Organization 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution Italy S.r.l. 

Italy 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution UK Limited. 

United Kingdom 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution Poland Z.o.o. 

Poland 

UGG
 Holdings Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

O-I
 Overseas Management Company Ltd. 

Delaware 

United
 Glass Group Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

British
 Glass Recycling Company Ltd. 

United Kingdom 

O-I
 Manufacturing (UK) Limited 

United Kingdom 

OI Italia S.r.l. 

Italy 

Sonator
 Investments B.V. 

Netherlands 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution Spain SL 

Spain 

O-I
 Manufacturing Holdings Spain SL 

Spain 

Vidrieria
 Rovira, S. L. 

Spain 

OI
 Spanish Holdings B.V. 

Netherlands 

Owens-Illinois
 Peru S. A. 

Peru 

O-I
 Manufacturing Poland S.A. 

Poland 

Zanotti
 Vetro S.p.A. 

Italy 

O-I
 Manufacturing Italy S.p.A. 

Italy 

O-I
 Manufacturing Czech Republic A.S. 

Czech Republic 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution Czech Republic s.r.o. 

Czech Republic 

San Domenico Vetraria S.r.l. 

Italy 

OI
 Napoli Stampi S.r.l. 

Italy 

O-I
 Manufacturing Netherlands B.V. 

Netherlands 

Veglarec
 B.V. 

Netherlands 

O-I
 Europe SAS 

France 

O-I
 Manufacturing France SAS 

France 

BSN
 Glasspack Services 

France 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution France SAS 

France 

Atlantique
 Emballage Sarl 

France 

Verdome
 Exploitation SA 

France 

SCI Le
 Mourtis 

France 

Fiaver
 SARL 

France 

Prover
 SAS 

France 

E-3 

Subsidiaries of the
Registrant (continued) 

State/Country 

of Incorporation 

Name 

or Organization 

O-I
 Glasspack Beteiligungs Verwaltungsgesellschaft GmbH 

Germany 

O-I
 Glasspack Verwaltungs GmbH 

Germany 

OI
 Glasspack GmbH Co. KG 

Germany 

Gebruder
 Stoevesandt 

Vertriebsgellschaft
 GmbH 

Germany 

OI
 Canada Holdings B.V. 

Netherlands 

O-I
 Canada Corp. 

Canada 

Manufacturera de Vidrios Planos, C.A. 

Venezuela 

Owens-Illinois de Venezuela, C. A. 

Venezuela 

Fabrica de Vidrio Los Andes, C. A. 

Venezuela 

CMC
 S.A. 

Colombia 

Cristaleria
 Peldar, S.A. 

Colombia 

Cristar
 S.A. 

Colombia 

Industria de Materias Primas S.A. 

Colombia 

Vidrieria
 Fenicia 

Colombia 

Glass
 Crafts S.A. 

Colombia 

Owens-Illinois
 America Latina Administracao Ltda. 

Brazil 

Companhia Industrial Sao Paulo e Rio 

Brazil 

Owens-Illinois
 do Brasil S.A. 

Brazil 

Owens-Illinois
 do Brasil Industria e Comercio S.A. 

Brazil 

Cisper
 da Amazonia S.A. 

Brazil 

Mineracao
 Silminas Ltda. 

Brazil 

Mineracao
 Descalvado Ltda. 

Brazil 

LLC
 Novgorod Steklo 

Russia 

OI
 Finnish Holdings Oy 

Finland 

O-I
 Manufacturing Finland Oy 

Finland 

O-I
 Sales and Distribution LT 

Lithuania 

O-I
 Production Estonia AS 

Estonia 

O-I
 GMEC Lurin srl 

Peru 

O-I
 Jaroslaw Machine Service Center 

Poland 

E-4 

</EX-21>

<EX-24>
 4
 a09-35971_1ex24.htm
 EX-24

EXHIBIT
24 

OWENS-ILLINOIS
GROUP, INC. 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That each individual whose signature appears below hereby consents to
and appoints James W. Baehren as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
with all power of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in
any and all capacities, to sign the 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Owens-Illinois Group, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in and about the same as fully to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
of the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on the date set opposite his name. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/
 Albert P.L. Stroucken 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

February 10,
 2010 

Albert
 P.L. Stroucken 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Edward C. White 

President
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer); 

February 10,
 2010 

Edward
 C. White 

Director 

/s/
 James W. Baehren 

Vice
 President and Secretary; Director 

February 10,
 2010 

James
 W. Baehren 

/s/
 L. Richard Crawford 

Director 

February 10,
 2010 

L.
 Richard Crawford 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a09-35971_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Albert P.L. Stroucken,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

Date 

February 10, 2010 

/s/ Albert P.L.
 Stroucken 

Albert P.L. Stroucken 

Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a09-35971_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Edward C. White,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

Date 

February 10, 2010 

/s/ Edward C. White 

Edward C. White 

President and Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a09-35971_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, the undersigned officer of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies that to such officer s knowledge: 

(i) the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2009 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

(ii) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 10, 2010 

/s/
 Albert P.L. Stroucken 

Albert P.L. Stroucken 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a09-35971_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, the undersigned officer of Owens-Illinois Group, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies that to such officer s knowledge: 

(i) the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2009 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

(ii) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 10, 2010 

/s/
 Edward C. White 

Edward C. White 

President 

Owens-Illinois
 Group, Inc. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

