<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100216_10-K_edgar_data_1165336_0001193125-10-032037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>427457</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106031</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>28945</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>257383</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-10-032037.hdr.sgml : 20100215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100216135940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-10-032037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001165336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEATING EQUIPMENT, EXCEPT ELECTRIC & WARM AIR FURNACES [3433]
		IRS NUMBER:				522082372
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50089
		FILM NUMBER:		10606082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3153 FIRE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2C
		CITY:			EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8007589288

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3153 FIRE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2C
		CITY:			EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TRVcbUrG3b6D1Hvj27TKrc4WBUx80+Hgf8VMDjvemo2K1v9WhTOJuKdzr8SpkqWV
 IOD12msUVwWkmJn5fBhjig==

 0001193125-10-032037.txt : 20100216

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: October 31, 2009 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to
 Commission File Number: 0-50089 
 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. (Exact name of small business issuer in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 52-2082372 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

3153 Fire Road, Suite 2C, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 
 
 08234 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) Issuer s telephone number: (800) 758-9288 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, .001 par value Check if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes No 
 Check whether the issuer is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes No Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Check whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if
any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes No Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K contained in this form, and no disclosure will be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Check whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer , an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated
filer Smaller reporting company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of a specified date within
the past 60 days was 225,476. The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, as of February 12, 2010 was
32,210,846. 

Table of Contents 

 Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 7 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 
 7 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 7 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
 
 8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 8 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 15 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 15 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 16 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 19 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 20 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report contains certain forward-looking statements regarding National Energy Services Company, Inc., National Energy
Services its business and its financial prospects. These statements represent Management s present intentions and its present belief regarding the Company s future. Nevertheless, there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ from the results suggested in this Report. Among the more significant factors are: 

The Company has not been profitable in recent years. Although the Company implemented a number of programs to help us achieve profitability, they were
unsuccessful. 

The Company lacks the capital necessary to significantly expand its business. Unless the expansion of business is sufficient enough that the gross
profit will exceed administrative costs, the Company will not achieve profitability. 

Expansion of business will require that an expansion of accounting and other internal management systems. Such an expansion may lead to inefficiencies
that could prevent profitability. 

The Company has sought to expand its business model and discontinue certain unprofitable business elements while expecting to expand other product
offerings. Because these and other risks may cause National Energy Services actual results to differ
from those anticipated by Management, the reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that appear in this Report. Readers should also take note that National Energy Services will not necessarily make any public
announcement of changes affecting these forward-looking statements, which should be considered accurate on this date only. 

ITEM 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Business of
the Company National Energy Services Company, Inc. NES was incorporated on February 17, 1998 in Nevada
as Coastal Enterprises, Inc. Coastal Enterprises, Inc. and National Energy Services Company, Inc., an unaffiliated New Jersey formed in September 1994, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange, dated October 19, 2001, immediately
changing the name of Coastal Enterprises, Inc. to National Energy Services Company, Inc. pursuant to which the shareholders of the New Jersey corporation were issued 10,000,000 common shares, par value .001, of the Nevada corporation in exchange
for 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of the New Jersey corporation, which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nevada corporation. For accounting purposes, the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition. National Energy Services
Company, Inc. of New Jersey operates as the sales and service subsidiary of National Energy Services Company, Inc. The subsidiary s New Jersey sales operations were closed in January 2010. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments The Company entered into an agreement to purchase an alternative energy construction management contract on January 21, 2010, as filed on Form 8-K on January 26, 2010. The agreement required the
officers and directors to resign immediately except John O Neill, who remained as a director and Dr. John G. Kalogeris was seated as the new CEO, CFO, and director. Dr. John G Kalogeris is in search of additional directors and
officers and business expansion opportunities. A complete business plan and the determination of existing products and programs to be continued will be completed by the end of February 2010. Many of the current product offerings are feasible and
usable in the construction management business as all are energy efficient and therefore green as mandated in the construction management offerings. A change of voting control will take place on March 1, 2010 when all agreement and
escrow terms have been completed. The ozone laundry business will not be continued as all business opportunities and warranty
contracts had been disposed before the negotiations for the agreement were begun. The Company, through its subsidiary engaged
in the business of marketing a comprehensive energy management program for long-term care, hospitality, warehousing and distribution facilities. The program features lighting upgrades, an energy efficient laundry system, wireless energy management
for the monitoring and control of energy, lighting upgrades, group purchasing of natural gas, and improvements to heating, venting and air conditioning systems. The facilities generally recover the costs of these renovations through monthly energy
savings, resulting in no out-of-pocket expense to the facility. Financing Arrangements The Company has offered the Facilities several financing alternatives through various lending sources. In the past Facilities purchased the
upgrade equipment and obtained purchase financing from Charter Management, LLC Charter under the Energy Gatekeeper Program Gatekeeper ). Charter is owned by John O Neill and Deborah O Neill, who have a controlling
equity interest in National Energy Services as well. Under the Gatekeeper Program, the Company provided the Facility with all of its energy services and assisted the Facility in obtaining financing from Charter for the energy services. The
Gatekeeper Program was terminated in 2006. The Company also has customers who fund these projects through their own capital
expenditure budgets and pay the Company directly. Principal Products and Services The principal products and services offered in the Program are the Ozone Laundry System (OLS), Lighting Upgrades, Mechanical Systems (HVAC),
Water/Sewer Conservation Methods and Energy Management. Ozone Laundry System (OLS) . OLS is a system that can reduce a
Facility s laundering costs by more than 50 , primarily by eliminating the need for hot water during the washing process. The OLS injects activated oxygen (ozone) into the wash and rinse water, with the result that the laundry is cleaned and
completely disinfected. Ozone is a powerful oxidant that is more effective than chlorine, but without chlorine s dangerous properties. Various studies have shown
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

that using ozone in laundering is far more effective than conventional disinfectants against microorganisms and viruses. With ozone laundering, fewer cycles are required to clean, thus chemical
use is reduced. Energy bills are also greatly reduced because ozone is only active in cold water, eliminating the need to buy natural gas or other energy sources to heat the water. The savings to the Facility are substantial since laundering expense
is one of the most significant expense items in a Facility s budget. This portion of the sales operations has been reflected as the discontinued operation on the Consolidated Statements of Operation for the year ended October 31, 2009 and
2008. Lighting Upgrades . The Company provides Facilities with energy-efficient lighting upgrades or retrofits Lighting Upgrades ). The Lighting Upgrades can reduce the Facility s energy consumption and prevent pollution while delivering comparable or better lighting. For example, a Lighting Upgrade in a typical 120 bed nursing home can
reduce energy usage by 226,666 kilowatt hours per year, resulting in an annual savings of approximately 20,400. This calculation of average savings is based on our own engineering studies and actual results in more than 100 installations.
 Although a Lighting Upgrade product may cost slightly more than the standard lighting product it replaces, the energy savings
are so significant that any incremental cost is rapidly recovered by the Facility. For example, compact fluorescent light bulbs use 70 percent less energy than standard incandescent light bulbs. By replacing just one 75-watt incandescent light bulb
with a 20-watt CFL, a Facility saves approximately 14 a year, assuming the bulb is used for 5,000 hours in the year. Further, compact fluorescent light bulbs last an average of 10,000 hours, compared to only 850 hours for a standard incandescent
light bulb. Mechanical Systems/HVAC . The installation of state-of-the-art, energy conserving boilers, heating and air
conditioning units and other mechanical equipment can improve a Facility s operating efficiency and increase its productivity. Retrofitting outdated systems with new equipment not only saves energy dollars, but reduces repair and maintenance
expense. The impact of environmental improvements such as improved air quality and increased comfort levels can make a noticeable positive impact on the Facility s residents and employees. Water and Sewer Conservation . The goal of an effective water conservation project is to reduce usage and maintain or improve the
water quality and fixture performance. The installation of low use, optimum performance fixtures is the key to an effective water conservation program. For example, the retrofit of a low-flush toilet can reduce water usage by more than 750,000
gallons annually in the average 120 bed nursing home. This reduction in usage has a significant impact on water/sewer costs. Depending on the local water/sewer rates, the annual savings can be as much as 5,000 per year with equipment life
expectancy of 15 to 20 years. Marketing, Sales and Distribution The Company s primary market has been the nursing home industry. There are approximately 17,000 nursing homes operating nationally, with
approximately 10,000 of them in the high cost energy regions of the East and West coasts. Nursing homes are a fertile area for our energy-saving Program for several reasons: 

Nursing homes are under intense fiscal and regulatory pressures. 

Nursing homes have very few areas to conserve cash without compromising care. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Utility costs are among the five highest line items in the operating budget. 

Most nursing homes are operating outdated HVAC and lighting systems. 

The customer is well-defined and easy to reach. 

Most long term care facilities are alike in construction, design and energy consumption. 

Data about nursing home energy consumption is quickly and efficiently obtained. 

The Medicaid utilities reimbursement structure assures a Facility s ability to pay. In addition to capitalizing on the Company s track record in the skilled nursing facility industry, in 2007 the Company made its entry
into the hospitality industry, with a successful test for Hilton Hotels. As a result of that test, the Company is now in the process of gearing up its sales and marketing team in order to actively sell its Ozone Laundry System to Hilton. The Company
is also looking to sell its system to other hotel chains. The addressable market of approximately 30,000 hotels/motels is much larger than the skilled nursing industry. The Company is proceeding carefully, looking to field test equipment in several
locations with several chains, much in the way the nursing home market was initially approached. To assist in this area, the Company recently engaged a new salesperson, who has existing relationships in the hotel industry. Additionally the Company is starting to penetrate the warehouse, freight distribution and manufacturing sectors, offering the T-5 lighting
system. This is a relatively new way to light traditional steel pre-fabricated buildings. This lighting system, which consumes 50 less energy than conventional metal halide and high-pressure sodium HID fixtures, also provides better quality of
light, increased productivity, and lower maintenance costs. The Company believes that relationships are the cornerstone of
its marketing philosophy. The process of building and maintaining working relationships requires a commitment at all levels of the organization. Our marketing program includes: market research, feasibility studies, public and industry relations,
promotion, advertising, direct response, sales support, customer service, employee relations and training and education. As a result of the complexity of the products offered and the market, the Company works very hard to ensure that its employees
and representatives have a working knowledge of all products and processes. The addition of construction management
operations provides the expansion to markets such alternative energy processing, medical treatment, and agricultural facilities. Purchasing and Installation The Company has developed solid relationships with major suppliers of industrial
lighting, mechanical equipment and other energy conservation products. The Company has preferred vendor or distributor status with several suppliers. This means that the Company enjoys the following: (i) preferred pricing, (ii) quantity
discounts, (iii) timely delivery, (iv) quality products, (v) exceptional warranties, (vi) superior customer service, (vii) product exclusivity, (viii) manufacturer sponsored training, and (ix) superior customer
service. The Company is dedicated to maintaining quality relationships with suppliers and makes a concentrated effort to expand its sphere of influence among manufacturers. This allows the Company to customize product lines and select the materials
that best fill the needs of its customers. The installation of the products is the most delicate part of the entire process
and can place enormous strain on a customer relationship. The Company s selection of the right contractor to carry out the installation is critical to a successful installation. The Company has strict contractor criteria. The selected firm must
have a complete understanding of what is required to work in the health care or hospitality environment and be willing to complete the contractor compliance paperwork. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Reliance On Major Customers and Suppliers In the year ended October 31, 2009, we had a customer who provided 150,000 or 20 of our sales, representing no balance in our trade
receivable; and one customer who provided 87,717 or 11 of our sales, representing 100 of our trade receivables. The
Company has a broad range of suppliers because of its varied business sales model. However, during the year ended October 31, 2009 one supplier accounted for 18 of purchases. Competition The principal markets in which the Company competes are
competitive and fragmented. No competitor known to us controls more than 3 of the nursing home market for any of the several services provided. There are competitors supplying energy, providing energy management services or financing, but few
providing a total package deal with no out-of-pocket cost to the facility. Increased competition could have a material adverse effect, as competitors may have far greater financial and other resources available to them. Governmental Regulation The government regulations applicable to the health care and hospitality industries are in many ways unique. State regulations include specifications for HVAC, lighting, water quality and laundry equipment. It is the Company s
responsibility to find supplies and equipment that meet and/or surpass the regulatory guidelines. Guidelines vary from state to state. It is critical to become familiar with each state s regulations and policies regarding each energy
conservation measure ECM before we start to market and install the particular ECM in any given state. The one
portion of the Company s Program that is most intensely affected by government regulation is the laundry process. The majority of states in which the Company markets have specific guidelines for laundry that is processed in an on-site laundry.
Typical regulations include guidelines mandating separate holding areas for soiled and clean linen, linen cart storage, having enough clean linen on hand to adequately service the facility, adequate soiled and clean linen storage, an area for
folding, mending and ironing the clean linen, proper storage for supplies, a deep sink for soaking and a separate hand washing sink. Policies, procedures and proper protocol to reduce bacteria in linens and to protect the staff and residents from
infection are required to be written and implemented by the facility. The procedures and policy section is what most affects
the installation of the OLS. Since these procedures and policies are left to the individual Facility to develop, it is common practice to follow the manufacturers specifications when it comes to disinfection. Because standard laundering
procedures use chlorine bleach to disinfect the linen, the manufacturers specifications often require 160 degree water because that is the water temperature in which chlorine bleach is most effective. While most states do not define a
minimum water temperature, two states have a minimum wash water temperature in their respective regulations: Maryland and Massachusetts. To overcome the minimum wash water temperature requirements, the Company presented Maryland and Massachusetts
with the merits of using ozone in the wash water to clean and disinfect. The Company was successful in this endeavor and has received waivers from both states to install the OLS. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Compliance with Environmental Laws The Company is in compliance with all relevant environmental laws. The waste generated during a lighting upgrade that can be considered
hazardous is the Polychlorinated Biphenyl s (PCBs) in the existing ballasts and the mercury in the existing fluorescent lamps. The Company uses federal and state licensed and fully insured recycling facilities and hazardous waste disposers.
This practice in some instances exceeds the minimum disposal requirements. But it is the Company s view that this practice will provide its clients and itself the greatest protection from any Super Fund or toxic waste liability issues.
 The Company s practices are required to comply with the federal Toxic Substance Control Act TSCA ), which
regulates the disposal of PCBs. Fully complying with the TSCA removes the risk of liability under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Compliance and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), which is also known as the Superfund Law. Under this
law, any release or threat of a release of a hazardous substance requires immediate cleanup and notification of all responsible parties. The Company s practices are also required to comply with the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ). RCRA requires generators of lamps to test a sample of mercury-containing lamps to determine if they should be treated as hazardous waste. Lamps must be managed as hazardous waste if the mercury concentration exceeds 0.2 mg per
liter. In addition, lamps must be managed as hazardous waste if they are not tested and proven non-hazardous. The Company treats all fluorescent lamps as hazardous and properly dispose and recycle them. Employees The Company, as
of February 6, 2010, employs one full time, no part time employees and two contractors to provide essential services. None of the Company s employees is represented by a labor union. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS None

ITEM 2. 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY The Company currently leases its executive offices at 3153 Fire Road, Suite 2C, Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey on a month-to-month basis. The property consists of approximately 1,800 square feet of finished office space, for which we pay
 2,000 per month. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS On
August 4, 2009 PPL Spectrum Inc. commenced a legal action against the Company entitled PPL Spectrum, Inc. and PPL Energy Services Holdings, LLC. v. National Energy Services Company, Inc., a New Jersey corporation the action in
Common Pleas Court in the County of Lehigh, State of Pennsylvania (Civil Action No. 2009-C-4006. The complaint alleges that National Energy Services has failed to make payments due to PPL Spectrum, and demands damages in the amount of 435,745.
National Energy Services, Inc. received a judgment in favor of PPL Spectrum on October 14, 2009. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 On December 17, 2009, Nutek International, Inc. filed for an injunction to enjoin an
employee of National Energy Services Company, Inc., a New Jersey corporation from continuing the services of the employee. The Company believes that the suit has no merit as the employee resigned from the subsidiary on December 22, 2009.

ITEM 4. 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS None. PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. The Company s common stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol NEGS.OB since
September 26, 2006. Set forth below are the high and low bid prices for each quarterly period from November 1, 2008 through October 31, 2009. The reported bid quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown
or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Bid 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 Nov. 1, 2007 Jan. 31, 2008 

.30 

.11 
 
 Feb. 1, 2008 Apr. 30, 2008 

.23 

.08 
 
 May 1, 2008 July 31, 2008 

.12 

.06 
 
 Aug. 1, 2008 Oct. 31, 2008 

.15 

.03 

Nov. 1, 2008 Jan. 31, 2009 

.08 

.01 
 
 Feb. 1, 2009 Apr. 30, 2009 

.08 

.03 
 
 May 1, 2009 July 31, 2009 

.05 

.02 
 
 Aug. 1, 2009 Oct. 31, 2009 

.04 

.01 Holders . There
are 137 holders of record of common stock. Dividend Policy . The Company has not declared or paid cash dividends or
made distributions in the past, and does not anticipate paying cash dividends or making distributions in the foreseeable future. The Company currently intends to retain and reinvest future earnings, if any, to finance operations. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities . On January 9, 2009 the Company issued 425,245 shares, with a fair market value of 30,511, to an investor relation agent for services performed. On February 18, 2009, the Company issued 100,000 shares, with a fair market value of 5,000, for services. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 On March 11, 2009, the Company issued 350,000 shares for 17,500 in cash in four
separate subscription agreements. On July 29, 2009, the Company issued 1,500,000 shares for 10,000 in cash in a
subscription agreement. 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA None 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Results of Operations The
Company s revenue for the year ended October 31, 2009 was 51 lower than the revenues for the year ended October 31, 2008. During the year ended October 31, 2009, the Company realized revenue from three distinct sources:
 Equipment Sales . Our revenue from sales of capital equipment was 698,773 for the year ended October 31, 2009,
which is 52 lower than the level of equipment sales for the year ended October 31, 2008. The 2009 sales represent 94 of our total revenue for the period. Invoice Management Fees . Some of the Facilities that we service pay us fees for aggregating invoices from the utility companies and processing their payments. Our revenue from invoice management
services represented 2 of total revenue for the year ended October 31, 2009. It is expected that invoice management fees will continue to make only a minor contribution to revenue, as it is the intention of the Company to limit this relatively
labor-intense business to situations in which the services can be performed profitably. Energy Management Fees . A
number of the Facilities that the Company manages pay fees for monitoring their utility invoices to ensure correct charges and appropriate tariffs. Revenue from management services represented 4 of total revenue for the year ended October 31,
2009. As with invoice management services, the portion of revenue attributable to energy management fees will remain modest, as the intention is to limit this relatively labor-intense business to situations in which the services can be performed
profitably. In the beginning of the 2007 fiscal year, the Company implemented a number of initiatives designed to increase
revenues in the coming months. The Company established a relationship with an equipment leasing company, so it could now offer prospective clients a choice of financing options. In addition, the Company revised its internal procedures for evaluation
of the credit worthiness of potential clients in order to substantially hasten the process, thus enabling the sales staff to close contracts more efficiently. The expectation was that these initiatives, combined with increased demand for services
due to the recent surge in energy prices, would enable the Company to expand its operations in the coming months. Due to the current economic climate, sales for the current year were not what was expected. The Company has worked to establish
relationships with new customer bases. National Energy has also begun to explore new markets. To date the typical customer
has been the long term care facility. The Company is now quoting business to the warehouse, freight distribution, manufacturing and hospitality industries. These new areas will take some time to develop. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our gross margin during the year ended October 31, 2009 was 47 , compared to 49 gross
margin for the year ended October 31, 2008. In general, gross margin will depend on product mix and volume of business. The Company realizes a higher gross profit from sales of ozone laundry systems than from upgrades to lighting and HVAC
systems, although the profit is counterbalanced by the higher marketing costs attendant to sales of ozone laundry systems. If
the Company is successful in increasing its volume of business, gross profit should increase as well, for a number of reasons. For one, each sale of equipment requires that field surveyors are sent to interested Facilities to determine the potential
energy savings so that a cost proposal can be presented to the Facility. That expense is incurred whether the sale closes or not, and the expense of failed contracts burdens the gross profit that is realized from successful marketing efforts. If the
Company is able to close more contracts and at a higher success rate, the burden on gross profit of costs from failed contracts will be proportionately reduced. Our operating expenses for the year ended October 31, 2009 totaled 909,297, a decrease of 537,142 compared to the year ended October 31, 2008. Management decreased expenses by a reduction in
the employees, a decision to reduce all sales expenses and a careful examination of all administrative expenses. Interest expense for the year ended October 31, 2009 was 24,599, compared to interest expense of 21,348 incurred in the year ended October 31, 2008. Interest expense should continue to decrease as debt is amortized unless
the Company secures new debt financing. As a result of the factors listed above, the Company reported a net loss of
 591,109 for the year ended October 31, 2009, as compared to a net loss of 713,316 for the year ended October 31, 2008. Liquidity and Capital Resources During the years prior to fiscal 2009,, the Company s only significant
source of working capital financing was Charter Management, LLC, which is owned by two members of the Company s Board of Directors, John O Neill and Deborah O Neill. The Company s working capital deficit increased by 528,566 during fiscal 2009, so that at October 31, 2009 the deficit was
 2,154,932. The Company has minimal liquidity and working capital is severely strained, as credit lines have been fully utilized. It is expected that there will continue to be a working capital deficit until revenues increase significantly.
 Our working capital deficit is primarily a result of our poor operating results. However, working capital has also been
impaired, in part, by the nature of the Company s business contracts. In most of the sales arrangements, the Company must complete the job, pay for all costs incurred, and obtain a completion certificate before an invoice can be submitted for
reimbursement to the lender or lessor. Only then will the Company collect the cash payment for the job. This procedure creates a delay of approximately thirty days before funds are received. Until a level of operations is reached in which the
Company is completing jobs on a consistent basis, this delay in receiving payment for jobs will impair the ability to fund operations. The Company expects the change in the businesses that we participate with the acquisition of the construction
management contracts and their size and scope will bring profitability and financing opportunities that have not formerly been available. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In 2004 PPL Spectrum, Inc. PPL terminated the arrangement under which it had
previously provided equipment financing to the Company s customers. Effective March 1, 2005 the Company assigned to PPL all of the notes receivable that arose from customer financing provided by PPL. In turn, PPL released the Company from
the corresponding notes payable to PPL. In connection with the termination of the lending arrangement and assignment of the
notes, the Company did assume certain obligations to PPL: 

The Company entered into a settlement agreement with PPL for aged payables. In February 2004 the payables were consolidated into a three-year
promissory note in the amount of 314,047, bearing interest at 18 per annum. Effective March 1, 2005, this note was renegotiated to bear interest rate at 8 per annum. The balance at March 1, 2005 was 219,473 payable over
seven years. 

The Company contracted to pay 1,400 per month toward a reserve for any bad debts among the notes it assigned to PPL. The Company has recorded the
present value of that obligation on its balance sheet as a debt. 

The Company also contracted to assume a contingent liability to reimburse PPL for the bad debts of certain customers if they filed for protection in
bankruptcy. The contingency occurred in June 2005, and the Company became obligated to fund 140,709 over 10 years with an imputed interest rate of 6 . 

On August 4, 2009 PPL Spectrum Inc. commenced a legal action against the Company entitled PPL Spectrum, Inc. and PPL Energy Services
Holdings, LLC. v. National Energy Services Company, Inc. the action is pending in Common Pleas Court in the County of Lehigh, State of Pennsylvania (Civil Action No. 2009-C-4006. The complaint alleges that National Energy Services has
failed to make payments due to PPL Spectrum, and demands damages in the amount of 435,745. National Energy Services, Inc. received a judgment in favor of PPL Spectrum on October 14, 2009. The Company accrued additional interest from
October 14 through October 31, 2009 adding 1,275 and bringing the total to 437,020. The table
below sets forth our debt service obligations as of October 31, 2009. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 Total 
 
 Less than 1 Year 
 
 1-3 Years 
 
 4-5 Years 
 
 After 5 Years 
 
 Loans Payable Settlement Payable 

437,020 

437,020 

0 

0 

0 
 
 Sandbox Payable 

22,500 

22,500 

0 

0 

0 
 
 BARS Payable 

80,000 

80,000 

0 

0 

0 
 
 Charter Payable 

1,339,558 

1,339,558 

0 

0 

0 
 
 Operating Leases 

34,333 

20,263 

8,263 

5,807 

0 

TOTAL 

1,913,411 

1,899,341 

8,263 

5,807 

0 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Assets totaled 123,818 and 144,280 as of October 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. On
both dates assets consisted primarily of notes receivable from our customers who financed through Charter Management and accounts receivable from current installations. The addition of construction management operations provides the expansion to markets such alternative energy processing, medical treatment, and agricultural facilities. The contracts we have or are
negotiating are all cost plus based with the add on ranging from 8-11 . These new revenues and substantial profits are expected to bring us acceptable financing opportunities. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Application of Critical Accounting Policies In preparing the financial statements the Company is required to
formulate working policies regarding valuation of assets and liabilities and to develop estimates of those values. In the preparation of the financial statements for fiscal year 2009, there was one estimate made which were (a) subject to a high
degree of uncertainty and (b) material to our results. The estimate was the determination, detailed in Note 9 to the
Financial Statements, that the Company should record a valuation allowance for the full value of the deferred tax asset created by the net operating loss carry-forward. The primary reason for the determination was the lack of certainty as to whether
the Company will carry on profitable operations in the future. The Company made no material changes to critical accounting
policies in connection with the preparation of financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2009. Impact of Accounting
Pronouncements There were no recent accounting pronouncements that have had a material effect on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. There were two accounting pronouncements that may have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation 48 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation
of FASB Statement 109 (FIN 48). FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity s financial statements in accordance with SFAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. FIN 48 prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, on a tax return. This interpretation is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. To date,
the adoption of this interpretation has not impacted the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. On May 28, 2009, FASB issued ASC 855, Subsequent Events. The objective of this statement is to establish general standards of accounting for disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before
financial statements are issued or available to be issued. ASC 855 is not expected to have a material impact on the financial reporting of the Company. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. None 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Company s financial statements, together with notes and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are set forth immediately following Item 15 of this Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

(a) 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures (defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(e)) refers to the controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods. The Company s management, with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report (the Evaluation
Date ). In the course of that review, the Company s management were advised by our independent registered public accounting firm, that during its performance of review procedures with respect to the financial statements for the period
ended January 31, 2007, and subsequent reporting periods, it identified a material weakness (as defined in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Standard No. 5) in our internal control over financial reporting. Friedman LLP identified
the same material weakness and reiterated the former advice. The material weakness consisted of inadequate staffing and
supervision within the bookkeeping and accounting operations of our company. The relatively small number of employees who have bookkeeping and accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. The
inadequate segregation of duties is a weakness because it could lead to the untimely identification and resolution of accounting and disclosure matters or could lead to a failure to perform timely and effective reviews. In light of the advice from
our independent registered public accounting firm, management has considered adding personnel to the Company s bookkeeping and accounting operations. However, as there has been no instance in which the company failed to identify or resolve a
disclosure matter or failed to perform a timely and effective review, management determined that the addition of personnel to our bookkeeping and accounting operations is not an efficient use of our limited resources at this time. Accordingly, based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2009, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (or persons performing similar functions) have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, such controls and procedures were effective. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

(b) 
 Changes in internal controls. The term
 internal control over financial reporting (defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(f)) refers to the process of a company that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (or persons performing similar
functions), has evaluated any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this annual report, and they have concluded that there was no change to the
Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have
assessed the effectiveness of those internal controls as of October 31, 2009, using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Internal Control Integrated Framework as a basis for our
assessment. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may
deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. A material weakness in internal controls is a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control
deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company s ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America such that
there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making our assessment of the
effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified one material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weaknesses consisted of: a. Inadequate staffing and supervision within the accounting operations of our company. The relatively small number of employees who
are responsible for accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. The inadequate segregation of duties is a weakness because it could lead to the untimely identification and resolution of accounting and
disclosure matters or could lead to a failure to perform timely and effective reviews. Because of the above condition,
management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of October 31, 2009. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. None.
 PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The officers and directors of the Company during the year ended October 31, 2009 were: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with the Company 
 
 Director Since 
 
 John T. O Neill 
 
 52 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 2004 
 
 John A. Grillo 
 
 48 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 2001 
 
 Deborah O Neill 
 
 51 
 
 Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 2004 
 
 Patricia A. Palmieri 
 
 43 
 
 Controller 

John G Kalogeris 
 
 80 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Director Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2010 All directors hold
office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualify. Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. All the officers and directors whose terms began before 2010 resigned on
January 21, 2010. John T. O Neill. Mr. O Neill has been involved in the nursing home industry for
over forty years. For more than the past five years, Mr. O Neill has been employed as CEO of O Neill Management LLC., which is involved in the development, construction and operation of healthcare facilities. Mr. O Neill is
also the CEO of Charter Management, LLC, which provides financing programs for the development of long-term care facilities. Mr. O Neill attended Bowling Green State University and Ohio State University, where he completed the Core of
Knowledge for certification as a Licensed Nursing Home Administrator. Mr. O Neill is married to Deborah F. O Neill, the Company s Secretary and Treasurer. John A. Grillo . Mr. Grillo organized National Energy Services in 1996, and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since that
time. Prior to organizing National Energy Services, Mr. Grillo was employed in a number of capacities in the field of electrical engineering. In 1996, Mr. Grillo conceived and co-authored the New Jersey Division of Medical Assistance and
Health Services Energy Efficient Lighting System Incentive, for the long-term care industry. He is an Environmental Protection Agency certified lighting surveyor. Mr. Grillo attended Northeastern University s School of Electrical
Engineering Technology from 1979 to 1983. Deborah F. O Neill . Ms. O Neill is a Certified Public
Accountant with experience in auditing, income tax preparation and real estate development. For more than the past five years,
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Ms. O Neill has been employed by O Neill Management LLC with responsibilities in financial management. She is also employed in the financial management of Charter Management, LLC.
Previously, Ms. O Neill was a founder and CFO of a software development company that offered turnkey accounting and medical computer systems to long term care facilities in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and several other states.
Ms. O Neill graduated from Kent State University magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting. Ms. O Neill is married to John T. O Neill, the Company s Chairman. Patricia A. Palmieri. Ms. Palmieri has been employed as the Company s Controller since March 2004. Prior to joining the
Company, Ms. Palmieri had 14 years of accounting-related experience in industries such as home mortgages and auto financing. Specifically, from January 2003 until March 2004 Ms. Palmieri was an accountant for a soil remediation company. Prior
to 2003, Ms. Palmieri was the Assistant Controller for a landscaping company. Ms. Palmieri has a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and a Masters in Business Administration. Dr. John G. Kalogeris . Dr. Kalogeris assumed his positions on January 21, 2010. He spent the majority of his
professional life as an engineer beginning at General Dynamics where he participated in the development of supersonic pilot ejection systems that he tested and which are or were used on the B-1 Bomber, X-15 and the B-58 for the U.S. Air Force. He
was Reliability Manager for flight hardware used in the Mercury Manned Space Flight Program. He also participated in the development of trajectory software used in various space programs that utilized the theory of space bending velocity vectors to
propel space vehicles at extreme speeds without utilization of additional fuels. After retiring he has spent more than 40 years developing what came to be known as green technology and alternative energy systems. He currently serves as
technical advisor to the Board of Directors of Alternative Energy Systems. he is also the holder of several patents and many more patents pending mostly related to energy savings or alternative energy devices. Nominating and Audit Committee The Board of Directors has not appointed an Audit Committee or a Nominating Committee. The Board of Directors does not have an audit committee financial expert. The Board of Directors has not been able to recruit an audit committee
financial expert to join the Board of Directors because of the Company s poor financial condition. Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a written code of ethics applicable to its executive officers. A copy of the Code of Ethics was filed as an exhibit
to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended October 31, 2003. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance None of the officers, directors or beneficial owners of more than 10 of the Company s common
stock failed to file on a timely basis the reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the year ended October 31, 2009. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by National Energy Services, Inc. to John O Neill, its Chief Executive Officer, and John Grillo, its Chief Financial Officer for services rendered in all
capacities to the Company during the years
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

ended October 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007. There were no other executive officers whose total salary and bonus for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2009 exceeded 100,000.
Dr. Kalogeris currently serves without compensation until the additional members of the Board of Directors are seated and a compensation committee is formed to govern corporate salaries. 

Compensation 

Year 
 
 Salary 
 
 Other (1) 
 
 John T. O Neill 
 
 2009 

0 

2008 

0 

2007 

0 

John A. Grillo 
 
 2009 

109,672 
 
 13,754 

2008 

139,248 
 
 13,105 

2007 

124,677 
 
 12,686 

(1) 
 Compensation: Other includes certain health and life insurance benefits paid by the Company on behalf of the employee. Employment Agreements All employment arrangements with executives are on an at will basis. Equity
Grants The following tables set forth certain information regarding the stock options acquired by the Company s Chief
Executive Officer during the year ended October 31, 2009 and those options held by him on October 31, 2009. Option Grants in the Last Fiscal Year 

Name 
 
 Number of securities underlying option granted 
 
 Percent of
total options granted to employees in fiscal year 
 
 Exercise Price /share) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Potential realizable value at assumed annual rates of appreciation of for option term 

5 
 
 10 
 
 John O Neill 
 
 0 
 
 N.A. 
 
 N.A. 
 
 N.A. 
 
 0 
 
 0 Aggregated Fiscal Year-End Option
Values 

Name 
 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options at fiscal year-end (#) (All exercisable) 

Value of unexercised in-the-money options at fiscal year-end ) (All exercisable) 
 
 John O Neill 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Remuneration of Directors None of the members of the Board of Directors receives remuneration for service on the Board. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information known with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock as of the date of this prospectus by the following: each shareholder known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of common stock; 

John T. O Neill, Chief Executive Officer, and John A. Grillo, Chief Financial Officer 

each director; and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. There are 32,210,846 shares of common stock and no other equity securities outstanding on the date of this report. Except as otherwise indicated, it is believed that the beneficial owners of the common
stock listed below have sole voting power and investment power with respect to their shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Aggregate Percent of Class 

John Deborah O Neill 
 
 14,151,862 
 (2) 
 
 43.9 

John A. Grillo 
 
 2,941,320 

9.1 

Current executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 
 
 17,353,182 

53.0 

(1) 
 The address of each shareholder, unless otherwise noted, is c/o National Energy Services Company, Inc., 3153 Fire Road, Suite 2C, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234.

(2) 
 Includes 14,151,862 shares owned by Charter Management LLC, of which Mr. and Mrs. O Neill are the sole members and managers. Equity Compensation Plan Information The information set forth in the table below regarding equity compensation plans (which include individual compensation arrangements) was determined as of October 31, 2009. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 0 

0 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 0 

1,158,703 
 
 Total 
 
 0 

1,158,703 

(1) 
 The Board of Directors adopted the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan in 2007. The Plan authorizes the Board to issue up to 1,500,000 common shares during the ten year period
of the Plan. The shares may be awarded to employees or directors of National Energy Services or its subsidiaries as well as to consultants to those entities. The shares may be awarded as outright grants or in the form of options, restricted stock or
performance shares. 1,158,703 shares remain available for issuance under the plan. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions John O Neill and Debbie O Neill who are directors of the Company are also officers of Charter Management, LLC. To date, Charter Management has funded the Company an aggregate amount of 1,338,639. Director Independence None of the members of our Board of Directors are independent, as independent is defined in the rules of the NASDAQ National Market System: 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 36,875 to the Company for professional
services rendered for the audit of fiscal 2008 financial statements and review of the financial statements included in fiscal 2008 filings. Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 27,200 to the Company for professional services
rendered for the audit of fiscal 2007 financial statements and review of the financial statements included in fiscal 2007 10-QSB filings. Audit-Related Fees Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 0 to the Company during fiscal 2008
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the 2008 audit or review of the quarterly financial statements. Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 17,600 to the Company during fiscal 2007 for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the 2007 audit or review of the quarterly financial statements. Tax Fees Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 19,274 to the Company during fiscal 2008 for
professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 7,275 to the Company during fiscal 2007 for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax
planning. All Other Fees Bagell, Josephs, Levine Company, LLC billed 0 to the Company in fiscal 2008 and 0 in fiscal 2007 for services not described above. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 It is the policy of the Company s Board of Directors that all services, other than
audit, review or attest services, must be pre-approved by the Board of Directors, acting in lieu of an audit committee. All of the services described above were approved by the Board of Directors. PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 

3-a 
 
 Articles of Incorporation filed February 17, 1998. (1) 

3-a(1) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed October 29, 2001. (1) 

3-a(2) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, effective as of November 20, 2006 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 20, 2006 and
incorporated herein by reference. 

3-b 
 
 Bylaws. (1) 

10-a 
 
 Master Agreement with Charter Management LLC. (2) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct - Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10KSB for the year ended October 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference.

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification CEO 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification CFO 

32 
 
 Rule 13a-14(b) Certifications 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB on November 14, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Amended Registration Statement on Form 10-SB on November 6, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 F2 - F3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2009 and 2008 
 
 F4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2009 and
2008 
 
 F5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended October 
31, 2009 and 2008 
 
 F6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2009 and
2008 
 
 F7 - F8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F9 - F19 
 F1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders National
Energy Services Company, Inc. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of National Energy Services Company, Inc. (the Company ), as of October 31, 2009 and the related consolidated statement of
operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended October 31, 2009. The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of National Energy Services Company, Inc., as of October 31, 2009 and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended October 31,
2009, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced substantial net losses for the year ended October 31, 2009 that has
resulted in substantial accumulated deficits. The Company s financial position and operating results raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also
described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Friedman LLP Marlton, New Jersey February 16, 2010 
 F2 

Table of Contents 

 BAGELL, JOSEPHS, LEVINE COMPANY, L.L.C. Certified Public Accountants 406 Lippincott Drive Suite J Marlton, New Jersey 08053 (856) 355-5900 Fax (856) 396-0022 REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders National Energy Services Company, Inc. Egg Harbor
Township, New Jersey The Board of Directors and Stockholders National Energy Services Company, Inc. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National Energy Services Company, Inc., as of October 31, 2008 and 2007 and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended October 31, 2008. National Energy Services Company, Inc s management is responsible for these
financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial
reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of National Energy Services Company, Inc., as of October 31, 2008 and 2007 and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended October 31, 2008 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced substantial net losses for the years ended October 31, 2008 and 2007 that has resulted in substantial accumulated deficits. The Company s financial position and operating
results raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Bagell Josephs, Levine Company, LLC Bagell Josephs, Levine Company, LLC Marlton, New Jersey January 18, 2009 The report is a copy of the previously issued report. The predecessor auditor has
not reissued the report. 
 F3 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 

OCTOBER 31, 2009 

OCTOBER 31, 2008 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

4,724 

6,736 

Accounts receivable, net 

71,954 

47,716 

Notes receivable 

59,158 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

28,985 

12,983 

Total current assets 

105,663 

126,593 

Property and equipment, net 

18,155 

17,687 

TOTAL ASSETS 

123,818 

144,280 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities: 

Long-term debt - current portion 

65,125 

Notes payable - other 

102,500 

59,158 

Notes payable - Related parties 

1,339,558 

1,115,617 

Settlement liability 

437,020 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

381,517 

513,059 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

2,260,595 

1,752,959 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, Series A, .001 Par Value, 500,000 shares authorized, 0 shares and 0 shares issued and outstanding at
October 31, 2009 and October 31, 2008 

Common Stock, .001 Par Value; 150,000,000 shares authorized; 32,210,846 and 29,835,601 issued and outstanding October 31, 2009
and October 31, 2008 

32,211 

29,835 

Additional Paid-in-Capital 

3,247,338 

3,186,703 

Accumulated deficit 

(5,416,326) 

(4,825,217) 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

(2,136,777) 

(1,608,679) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

123,818 

144,280 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F4 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 

OCTOBER 31, 2009 

OCTOBER 31, 2008 

OPERATING REVENUES 

Equipment sales 

698,773 

1,450,947 

Management revenue 

12,693 

23,403 

Energy management revenue 

33,400 

59,150 

Total Operating Revenues 

744,866 

1,533,500 

COST OF SALES 

402,079 

781,668 

GROSS PROFIT 

342,787 

751,832 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling expenses 

98,899 

333,019 

General and administrative expenses 

799,806 

1,104,057 

Depreciation and amortization 

10,592 

9,363 

Total Operating Expenses 

909,297 

1,446,439 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

(566,510) 

(694,607) 

Interest income 

2,639 

Interest expense 

(24,599) 

(21,348) 

NET LOSS 

(591,109) 

(713,316) 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC AND DILUTED 

(0.02) 

(0.02) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING, BASIC AND DILUTED 

30,866,348 

29,746,536 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F5 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Prepaid Consulting 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total 

Description 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance October 31, 2007 

29,424,698 

29,424 

3,123,264 

(150,000) 

(4,111,901) 

(1,109,213) 

Issuance of common stock for services 

121,618 

122 

19,478 

19,600 

Issuance of common stock for compensation 

150,000 

150 

24,600 

24,750 

Amortization of prepaid consulting fees 

150,000 

150,000 

Issuance of stock for repayment of debt 

139,285 

139 

19,361 

19,500 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2008 

(713,316) 

(713,316) 

Balance October 31, 2008 

29,835,601 

29,835 

3,186,703 

(4,825,217) 

(1,608,679) 

Issuance of common stock for services 

525,245 

526 

34,985 

35,511 

Stock issued for subscription agreement 

1,850,000 

1,850 

25,650 

27,500 

Net loss for year Ended October 31, 2009 

(591,109) 

(591,109) 

Balance October 31, 2009 

32,210,846 

32,211 

3,247,338 

(5,416,326) 

(2,136,777) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F6 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 

October 31, 2009 

October 31, 2008 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 

(591,109) 

(713,316) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

10,592 

9,363 

Common stock issued for services 

35,511 

19,600 

Common stock issued for compensation 

24,750 

Amortization of prepaid consulting fees 

150,000 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

(Increase) Decrease in accounts receivable 

(24,238) 

218,021 

(Increase) Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(16,002) 

5,380 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

242,731 

18,915 

(Decrease) in deferred revenues 

(82,370) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(342,515) 

(349,657) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

(11,060) 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

(11,060) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayments on note payable - bank 

(2,378) 

(28,571) 
 
 Principal payments on long - term debt 

(58,412) 
 
 Proceeds from notes receivable - other 

59,158 

153,525 

Repayments of notes payable - other 

(59,158) 

(153,525) 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable - related party 

223,941 

160,809 

Proceeds from note payable - other 

102,500 

Issuance of common stock 

27,500 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

351,563 

73,826 

NET (DECREASE) IN CASH 

(2,012) 

(275,831) 

CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

6,736 

282,567 

CASH - END OF YEAR 

4,724 

6,736 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F7 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 

October 31, 2009 
 
 October 31, 2008 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: 

Interest expense 

18,367 

15,912 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued for services 

35,511 

19,600 

Common stock issued for compensation 

24,750 

Common stock issued for repayment of debt 

19,500 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 F8 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 1 - NATURE OF BUSINESS 
 National Energy Services Company, Inc. NES was incorporated on February 17, 1998 in Nevada as Coastal
Enterprises, Inc. to engage in an internet-related business. The Company and National Energy Services Company, Inc., an unaffiliated New Jersey corporation formed in late 1995 NESNJ ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Share
Exchange, dated October 19, 2001, pursuant to which the shareholders of NESNJ on October 19, 2001 were issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock of NES, par value 0.001 in exchange for one hundred percent (100 of the issued and
outstanding shares of NESNJ, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. NESNJ operates the sales and service program of the Company. For accounting purposes, the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase
method of accounting. The Company is engaged in the business of marketing a comprehensive energy management program for long-
term care and hospitality facilities. The program features an upgrade to lighting fixtures, improved heating, venting and air conditioning HVAC equipment, and ozone laundry support systems OLSS ). The facilities generally
recover the cost of these renovations through the monthly energy savings, resulting in no out-of-pocket costs to the facility. In February of 2007, the Company began to offer an additional service. It provides telecommunications services to further assist in reducing its clients operating expenses. The Company is not affiliated with any one-service provider
and is able to quote from various sources. This allows the Company to obtain the best solution for improving service quality for its customer. The Company entered into a agreement to purchase an alternative energy construction management contract on January 21, 2010 as filed on Form 8-K on January 26, 2010. agreement required the
officers and directors to resign except John O Neill remained as a director and a new CEO, Secretary and director were seated. The CEO, Dr. John G Kalogeris is in search of additional directors and officers and business expansion
opportunities. A complete business plan and the determination of existing products and programs to be continued will be completed by the end of February 2010. Many of the current product offerings are feasible and usable in the construction
management business as all are energy efficient and therefore green as mandated in the construction management offerings. A change of voting control will take place on March 1, 2010 when all agreement and escrow terms have been
completed. 
 F9 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant inter-company
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Going Concern 
 As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred substantial net losses for the years
ended October 31, 2009 and 2008 and has sustained large accumulated deficits as well as negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s future success is dependent upon its ability to achieve profitable operations and management states that they are
confident that they can improve operations and raise the appropriate funds needed through the advancements in energy conservation over the past year. There is no guarantee whether the Company will be able to generate enough revenue and/or raise
capital to support those operations The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. Revenue Recognition The Company receives revenues according to agreements with its customers. Revenue is recognized when products are shipped or services are
rendered, evidence of a contract exists, the price is fixed or reasonably determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 
 F10 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Property and Equipment All property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives, generally three, five or seven years,
using the straight-line method. Upon sale or retirement, the costs and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts, and the resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Repairs and maintenance
charges, which do not increase the useful lives of the assets, are charged to operations as incurred. Income Taxes 
 The Company utilizes ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences
between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Loss Per Share of Common Stock Historical net loss per common share is computed using the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) include additional dilution from common stock equivalents, such as stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants. Common stock equivalents are not
included in the computation of diluted earnings per share when the Company reports a loss because to do so would be anti-dilutive for the periods presented. The following is a reconciliation of the computation for basic and diluted EPS: 

October 31, 2009 

October 31, 2008 

Net Loss 

(591,109) 

(713,316) 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (Basic) 

30,866,348 

29,746,536 

Weighted-average common stock equivalents: 

Stock options and warrants 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (Diluted) 

30,866,348 

29,746,536 

F11 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Options and warrants outstanding to purchase stock were not included in the
computation of diluted EPS in 2009 and 2008 because inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. There were 1,000,000 options and warrants available at October 31, 2009 and 2008. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amount reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, notes receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable approximate fair value because of the
immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Advertising Costs of advertising and marketing are expensed as incurred. Advertising and marketing costs were 1,667 and 15,371 for the years ended
October 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Reclassification Certain reclassifications were made to the October 31, 2008 consolidated financial statements to conform with the 2009
presentation. These had no effect on net loss or cash flow for the year ended October 31, 2008. Subsequent Events
 The Company evaluates Subsequent Events through the time of the filing of this Form 10-K on February 16, 2010. The Company
is not aware of any other significant events that would have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. See NOTE - 12 below. Recent Accounting Pronouncements On May 28, 2009, FASB issued
ASC 855, Subsequent Events . The objective of this statement is to establish general standards of accounting for disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available
to be issued. ASC 855 is not expected to have a material impact on the financial reporting of the Company. In June 2009, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 105 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 168)
will become the single source of authoritative nongovernmental U.S. generally accepted account principals GAAP ), superseding existing FASB, America Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA ), Emerging Issues Task
Force EITF ), and related accounting literature. ASC 105 reorganizes the thousands of GAAP pronouncements into roughly 90 accounting topics and displays them using a consistent structure. Also included is relevant Securities and
Exchange Commission guidance organized using the same topical structure in separate sections. ASC 105 will be effective for financial statements issued for reporting periods that end after September 15, 2009. All future referenced to
authoritative accounting literature in our financial statements issued for reporting periods that end after September 15, 2009 will be referenced in accordance to ASC 105. 
 F12 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 3- PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
 Property and Equipment consist of the following at October 31, 2009 and 2008: 

2009 

2008 

Office equipment 

67,982 

56,922 

Furniture and fixtures 

2,107 

2,107 

Leasehold improvements 

2,900 

2,900 

72,989 

61,929 

Accumulated Depreciation 

(54,834) 

(44,242) 

Total 

18,155 

17,687 

Depreciation expense was 10,592 and 9,363 for the years ended October 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 NOTE 4- FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS On January 1, 2008, the Company adopted ASC 820 which defines fair value measurement guidelines and the Company believes its application provides a consistent framework for measuring fair value under
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and expands fair value financial statement disclosure requirements. ASC 820 s valuation techniques are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. ASC 820 classifies these inputs into the following hierarchy: Level 1 Inputs- Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Level 2 Inputs- Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in
markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. Level 3 Inputs- Instruments with primarily unobservable value drivers. 
 F13 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 4- FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
(continued) The following table represents the fair value hierarchy for those financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October 31, 2009. 

Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Notes Receivable 

0 

0 

0 

Total Assets 

0 

0 

0 

Liabilities 

Notes Payable 

0 

102,500 

0 
 
 Notes Payable Related Parties 

0 

1,339,558 

0 
 
 Long Term Debt 

0 

0 

0 

Total Liabilities 

0 

1,442,058 

0 

F14 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 5 - DEBT The Company had a 200,000 note, which carried an
interest rate of the issuing bank s prime rate plus 1 (6.00 at October 31, 2008). The loan was originally a line of credit when acquired in February 2004, and converted into a 4-year loan. As of October 31, 2008 the balance was
 2,377 which was classified as current. The loan was secured by substantially all corporate assets and a shareholder/officer guarantee. The loan was repaid in 2009. Debt also consists of residual liabilities arising from the Company s now-terminated financing arrangements with PPL Spectrum, Inc. PPL ). In prior fiscal years, PPL provided financing to
the Company s clients in connection with the Company s Energy Gatekeeper Program. Under its arrangement with PPL, the Company executed notes payable to PPL for the amount of the financing, and took notes receivable from the client in like
amount. Effective March 1, 2005, the Company entered into an agreement with PPL in which the Company assigned the client
notes to PPL, and PPL released the Company from liability under its notes to PPL. That transaction reduced the Company s assets by 3,062,257, the amount of the notes assigned to PPL, and reduced the Company s liabilities by the same
amount, representing the Company s obligation on the note released by PPL. At the same time, however, the Company contracted to pay 1,400 per month toward a reserve for any bad debts among the notes it assigned to PPL. The Company has recorded
the present value of that obligation on its balance sheet as a debt. Additionally, the Company has also contracted to fund a
contingent liability to reimburse PPL for bad debts of certain customers should the customer file for protection in bankruptcy. The agreement was consummated in June 2005, and the Company became obligated to fund 140,709 over a ten (10) year
period. This obligation carries an imputed interest rate of 6 . During its 2004 fiscal year, the Company entered into a
settlement agreement with PPL with respect to certain aged obligations from the Company to PPL. The payables were consolidated into a three-year promissory note in the amount of 314,047 bearing interest at 18 per annum. Effective
March 1, 2005, this note was renegotiated to lower the interest rate to 8 . The balance due on the note at March 1, 2005 was 219,473 payable over seven years. On August 4, 2009 PPL Spectrum Inc. commenced a legal action against the Company entitled PPL Spectrum, Inc. and PPL Energy Services Holdings, LLC. v. National Energy Services Company,
Inc. the action in Common pleas Court in the County of Lehigh, State of Pennsylvania (Civil Action No. 2009-C-4006. 
 F15 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 5 - DEBT (continued) The complaint alleges that National
Energy Services has failed to make payments due to PPL Spectrum, and demands damages in the amount of 435,745. National Energy Services, Inc. received a judgment in favor of PPL Spectrum on October 14, 2009. The Company accrued 1,275 interest
from October 14, 2009 to October 31, 2009 in accordance with the terms of the judgment, bringing the liability to 437,020, NOTE
6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Notes Payable Charter Management, LLC has funded the operations of the Company. Charter is related to the Company through common ownership. The balance of
the payable to Charter is 1,339,558 and 1,115,617 as of October 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In addition, Charter
Management, LLC has provided financing for the Company s various customers. The Company records the various receivables from the customers and a corresponding payable to the related party and acted as an agent for collection and payment for/to
the related party. Initially, the Company had consulted FIN 45 for clarification as to the proper recording and inclusion of these amounts in the financial statements. However, the Company had signed separate financing agreements with the related
party, thereby negating the exception for exclusion of the amounts. These notes receivable/payable range from between 4 and 5 years with an interest rate between 8 and 9 . The outstanding balance at October 31, 2009 and 2008 is 0 and 59,158.
 NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT During the year ending October 31, 2009, the following transactions occurred : On January 9, 2009 the Company issued 425,245 shares, with a fair market value of 30,511 to an investor relation agent for services performed. On February 18, 2009, the Company issued 100,000 shares, with a fair market value of 5,000 paid for services. On March 11, 2009, the Company issued 350,000 shares for 17,500 in cash in four separate subscription agreements. On July 29, 2009, the Company issued 1,500,000 shares for 10,000 in cash in a subscription agreement. 
 F16 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) (cont.) During the year
ending October 31, 2008, the following transactions occurred : On November 2, 2007 and January 17, 2008 the
Company issued 75,000 and 75,000 shares, with a market value of .19 and .14 respectively per share, to an employee as part of an employment agreement. The total fair market value is 24,750. On January 17, 2008, the Company issued 15,000 shares, with a fair market value of 2,100, to an investor relation agent for services to
be performed over one year. On January 17, 2008, the Company issued 139,285 shares of common stock, with a fair market
value of .14 per share to repay the related part debt of 19,500. On February 4, 2008 the Company issued 44,118 shares,
with a fair market value of 7,500, to an investor relation agent for services performed in January 2008. On April 10,
2008 the Company issued 62,500 shares, with a fair market value of 10,000, to an investor relation agent for services performed in February 2008. NOTE 8 - COMMITMENTS Leases - Office The Company currently leases its New Jersey office space on a month to month lease. Payments under this lease were 24,000 and 23,342 for
the years ended October 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Company also has various lease agreements for certain office
equipment, expiring in 2012. Payments under these leases were 4,110 and 7,948 for the years ended October 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Company is leasing an upgrade to its sales management software. The lease was signed on July 22, 2007 and expires in 2012. Payments under this lease were 5,125 and 4,851 for the years ended
October 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Future lease commitments at October 31, 2009: 

2010 

20,263 
 
 2011 

8,263 
 
 2012 

5,807 

Total lease costs 

34,333 

F17 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 9 - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES The Company utilizes ASC 740,
 Income Taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income
taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the
periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. NOTE 10 - LEGAL On
August 4, 2009 PPL Spectrum Inc. commenced a legal action against the Company entitled PPL Spectrum, Inc. and PPL Energy Services Holdings, LLC. v. National Energy Services Company, Inc., a New Jersey corporation the action in
Common Pleas Court in the County of Lehigh, State of Pennsylvania (Civil Action No. 2009-C-4006. The complaint alleges that National Energy Services has failed to make payments due to PPL Spectrum, and demands damages in the amount of 435,745.
National Energy Services, Inc. received a judgment in favor of PPL Spectrum on October 14, 2009. The Company has accrued interest in the amount of 1,275 from October 14 through October 31, 2009 bringing the reported balance to
 437,020. On December 17, 2009, Nutek International, Inc. filed for an injunction to enjoin an employee of National
Energy Services Company, Inc., a New Jersey corporation from continuing the services of the employee. The Company believes that the suit has no merit as the employee resigned from the subsidiary December 22, 2009. NOTE 11 - MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS Major Customers In the year ended October 31, 2009 we had a customer who
provided 150,000 or 20 and another who provided 81,717 or 11 of our sales during the year ended October 31, 2009. Major Suppliers During the year ended October 31, 2009 one supplier accounted for 18 of purchases.
 
 F18 

Table of Contents 

 NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) OCTOBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 NOTE 12 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On January 21, 2010 the Company
acquired a contract to manage the construction of solar/thermal site in California as evidenced by a Form 8K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2010. The acquisition agreement required the current management to
transfer to the seller 13,000,000 of the common shares they held and the Company to provide a 10,000 shares Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with a value of 400,000 and a voting preference as if it held 50.1 of the outstanding votes of the
Company. The agreement also required the resignation of all current officers and directors and the placement of a new director
and officer to operate the Company. Further requirements cause the shares for the transaction to be placed in escrow until all
sales tax debts are paid or have been negotiated for payment and the payment of certain debts to prior management and a counsel to the Company have been paid on or before March 1, 2010. When these requirements are met the Company will have a
reduction in the notes payable - related parties to 400,000 that is expected to result in a reduction of debt of approximately 940,000 that will be reported in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. The sales operations related to ozone laundry of our New Jersey subsidiary ceased in January 2010. Management has not determined which of the
businesses that have operated in this subsidiary might be continued. The new business model is being developed that will
incorporate various opportunities to participate in green building projects, alternative energy production and related equipment sales. Pro-forma information for the operations discontinued in 2010 were as follows for the years ended October 31, 

2009 

2008 

Operating Revenues 

276,217 

756,272 

Cost of Sales 

211,639 

451,128 

Operating Expenses 

119,346 

372,827 

Net Loss 

(54,768) 

(67,683) 
 F19 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

National Energy Services Company, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ John G. Kalogeris 

John G. Kalogeris, Chief Executive Officer 
 In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report has been signed below on February 16, 2010 by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ John G. Kalogeris 
 
 John G. Kalogeris, Director, 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, 

/s/ John G. Kalogeris 
 
 John G. Kalogeris, Director, 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Section 302 Certification of CEO 

Exhibit 31.1 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION I, John G.
Kalogeris, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of National Energy Services Company, Inc.;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The small business issuer s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the small business issuer and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal
controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions after the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuers other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 a. All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 16, 2010 

/s/ John G. Kalogeris 

John G. Kalogeris 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Section 302 Certification of CFO 

Exhibit 31.2 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION I, John G.
Kalogeris, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of National Energy Services Company, Inc.;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The small business issuer s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the small business issuer and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal
controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions after
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and c. Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the
small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The small business issuers other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 a. All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 16, 2010 

/s/ John G. Kalogeris 

John G. Kalogeris 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 dex32.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO

Section 906 Certification of CEO and CFO 

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of National Energy Services Company,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2009 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 16, 2010 

/s/ John G. Kalogeris 

John G. Kalogeris 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ John G. Kalogeris 

John G. Kalogeris 

Chief Financial Officer This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

