<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100216_10-K_edgar_data_930810_0001047469-10-000911.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1309090</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>246142</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>932293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-10-000911.hdr.sgml : 20100215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100216172931
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-10-000911
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000930810
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				113233647
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-84580
		FILM NUMBER:		10610034

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 RECKSON PLAZA
		CITY:			UNIONDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11556
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516 506-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 RECKSON PLAZA
		CITY:			UNIONDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11556

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HJLygNd58JHA0NC7bbQzkuQ5fqweLSq7EvAacIaSlOocQnvrsvaqtlMF5uLn1DEs
 ylGL+Gk1S+uVOMSlwhskdg==

 0001047469-10-000911.txt : 20100216

10-K
 1
 a2196496z10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to . 

Commission File Number: 1-13762 

 RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 11-3233647 
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

420 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10170 
(Address of principal executive offices Zip Code) 

 (212) 594-2700 
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT: None 

 SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: None 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

 As of March 18, 2009, no common units of limited partnership of the Registrant were held by non-affiliates of the Registrant. There is no
established trading market for such units. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement of SL Green Realty Corp., the indirect parent of Registrant, for its 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed
within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 10-K PART AND ITEM NO. 

PART I 

1. 
 
 Business 

3 

1.A 
 
 Risk Factors 

5 

1.B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

15 

2. 
 
 Properties 

15 

3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

19 

4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

19 

PART II 

5. 
 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

20 

6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

21 

7. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

23 

7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 

37 

8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

38 

9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

66 

9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

66 

9B. 
 
 Other Information 

66 

PART III 

10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the Registrant 

67 

11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

67 

12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

67 

13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

67 

14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

67 

PART IV 

15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedule 

68 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

 Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P., or ROP, commenced operations on June 2, 1995. Reckson Associates Realty Corp., or
RARC, served as the sole general partner until November 15, 2007, at which time RARC withdrew, and Wyoming Acquisitions GP LLC, or WAGP, succeeded it, as the sole general partner
of ROP. WAGP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SL Green Realty Corp., or SL Green. The sole limited partner of ROP is SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., or the operating partnership. 

 ROP
is engaged in the ownership, management, operation and development of commercial real estate properties, principally office properties and also owns land for future development
located in the New York City, Westchester and Connecticut, which collectively is also known as the New York Metro Area. At December 31, 2009, our inventory of development parcels aggregated
approximately 81 acres of land in four separate parcels on which we can, based on estimates at December 31, 2009, develop approximately 1.1 million square feet of office space and in
which we had invested approximately 65.1 million. In addition, at December 31, 2009 ROP also held approximately 27.0 million of structured finance investments. 

 SL
Green and the operating partnership were formed in June 1997. SL Green has qualified, and expects to qualify in the current fiscal year as a real estate investment trust, or REIT,
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and operates as a self-administered, self-managed REIT. A REIT is a legal entity that holds real estate
interests and, through payments of dividends to stockholders, is permitted to reduce or avoid the payment of Federal income taxes at the corporate level. Unless the context requires otherwise, all
references to "we," "our" and "us" means ROP and all entities owned or controlled by ROP. 

 On
January 25, 2007, SL Green completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of RARC pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of August 3, 2006, as amended, the Merger Agreement, among SL Green, Wyoming Acquisition Corp., or Wyoming, Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, Wyoming Acquisition
Partnership LP, RARC and ROP. We paid approximately 6.0 billion, inclusive of transaction costs, for Reckson. This transaction is referred to herein as the Merger. 

On
January 25, 2007, SL Green completed the sale, or Asset Sale, of certain assets of ROP to an investment group led by certain of RARC's former executive management, or the
Buyer, for a total consideration of approximately 2.0 billion. 

 As
of December 31, 2009, we owned the following interests in commercial office properties in the New York Metro area, primarily in midtown Manhattan, a borough of New York City,
or Manhattan. Our investments in the New York Metro area also include investments in Queens, Westchester County and Connecticut, which are collectively known as the Suburban assets: 

Location

Ownership 
 
 Number of 
Properties 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Occupancy (1) 

Manhattan 
 
 Consolidated properties 

4 

3,770,000 

96.0 

Suburban 
 
 Consolidated properties 

16 

2,642,100 

87.2 

Unconsolidated properties 

1 

1,402,000 

100.0 

21 

7,814,100 

93.7 

(1) The
weighted average occupancy represents the total leased square feet divided by total available rentable square feet. 

As of December 31, 2009, our Manhattan properties were comprised of fee ownership (three properties) and leasehold ownership (one
property). We are responsible for not only collecting rent from subtenants, but also maintaining the property and paying expenses relating to the property. As of December 31, 2009, our Suburban 

 3 

Table of Contents 

properties
were comprised of fee ownership (16 properties) and leasehold ownership (one property). We refer to our Manhattan and Suburban properties collectively as our portfolio. 

 Our
corporate offices are located in midtown Manhattan at 420 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10170. As of December 31, 2009, our corporate staff consisted of approximately
237 persons, including 182 professionals experienced in all aspects of commercial real estate. We can be contacted at (212) 594-2700. Our indirect parent entity, SL Green, maintains
a website at www.slgreen.com . On this website, you can obtain, free of charge, a copy of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as practicable after we file such material electronically with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. SL Green has also made
available on its website its audit committee charter, compensation committee charter, corporate governance and nominating committee charter, code of business conduct and ethics and corporate
governance principles. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at its Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549
(1-800-SEC-0330). The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

 Business Strategies and Growth Opportunities 

 On January 25, 2007, ROP was acquired by SL Green. See Item 1 "Business Business and Growth Strategies" in SL
Green's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for a complete description of SL Green's business and growth strategies. 

 Competition 

 The leasing of real estate is highly competitive, especially in the Manhattan office market. Although currently no other publicly
traded REIT has been formed primarily to acquire, own, reposition and manage Manhattan commercial office properties, we may in the future compete with such other REITs. We compete for tenants with
landlords and developers of similar properties located in our markets primarily on the basis of location, rent charged, services provided, and the design and condition of our properties. In addition,
we face competition from other real estate funds, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, pension trusts, partnerships, individual investors and others that may have
greater financial resources or access to capital than we do or that are willing to acquire properties in transactions which are more highly leveraged or are less attractive from a financial viewpoint
than we are willing to pursue. 

 4 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We encourage you to read "Item 1A Risk Factors" in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for SL Green
Realty Corp., our 100 indirect parent company, for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 Declines in the demand for office space in New York City, and in particular, in midtown Manhattan as well as our suburban markets, including Westchester County, Connecticut,
and Long Island City, resulting from general economic conditions could adversely affect the value of our real estate portfolio and our results of operations and, consequently, our ability to service
current debt and make distributions to SL Green. 

 Most of our commercial office properties, based on square feet, are located in midtown Manhattan. As a result, our business is
dependent on the condition of the New York City economy in general and the market for office space in midtown Manhattan, in particular. Weakness in the New York City economy could materially reduce
the value of our real estate portfolio and our rental revenues, and thus adversely affect our ability to service current debt and to make distributions to SL Green. The Manhattan vacancy rate ended
2009 at 12 after reaching a high of 13.4 in October 2009. We could also be impacted by weakness in our Suburban markets, including Westchester County, Connecticut and Long Island City. 

 We may be unable to renew leases or relet space as leases expire. 

 When our tenants decide not to renew their leases upon their expiration, we may not be able to relet the space. Even if tenants do
renew or we can relet the space, the terms of renewal or reletting, including the cost of required renovations, may be less favorable than current lease terms. Over the next five years, through the
end of 2014, leases will expire on approximately 46.1 and none of the rentable square feet at our consolidated properties and unconsolidated joint venture property, respectively. As of
December 31, 2009, approximately 2.7 million and no square feet are scheduled to expire by December 31, 2014 at our consolidated properties and unconsolidated joint venture
property, respectively, and these leases currently have annualized escalated rental income totaling approximately 113.0 million and none, respectively. If we are unable to promptly renew the
leases or relet this space at similar rates, our cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to SL Green would be adversely affected. 

 The expiration of long term leases or operating sublease interests could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Our interest in our commercial office properties located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York and 1055 Washington Avenue,
Connecticut are through long-term leasehold interests in the land and the improvements, rather than by a fee interest in the land. Unless we can purchase a fee interest in the underlying
land or extend the terms of these leases before their expiration, we will lose our right to operate these properties and our interest in the improvements upon expiration of the lease, which would
significantly adversely affect our results of operations. The remaining term of these long-term leases, including our unilateral extension rights is approximately 58 years. Pursuant
to the leasehold arrangement, we, as tenant under the operating sublease, perform the functions traditionally performed by landlords with respect to our subtenants. We are responsible for not only
collecting rent from our subtenants, but also maintaining the property and paying expenses relating to the property. Our share of annualized escalated rental
income of this property at December 31, 2009 totaled approximately 76.6 million, or 29 , of our share of total portfolio annualized revenue associated with our portfolio. 

Our results of operations rely on major tenants, including in the financial services sector, and insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership of these and other tenants could
adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Giving effect to leases in effect as of December 31, 2009 for consolidated properties and unconsolidated joint venture
properties as of that date, our five largest tenants, based on square footage leased, accounted for approximately 23.7 of our share of portfolio annualized rent, and, other than three tenants,
Citigroup, Inc. (and its affiliates), Debevoise Plimpton, LLP and Verizon who accounted for approximately 6.6 , 7.1 and 3.0 of 

 5 

Table of Contents 

our
share of portfolio annualized rent, respectively, no tenant accounted for more than 4.2 of that total. The financial services sector is currently experiencing significant turmoil which has
resulted in significant job losses. Of our ten largest tenants based on square feet leased, which accounted for approximately 36.6 of our share of portfolio annualized rent, 46 (inclusive of lease
guarantors) carry an investment grade credit rating. If current economic conditions persist or deteriorate, we may experience increases in past due accounts, defaults, lower occupancy and reduced
effective rents, particularly in respect of our financial service tenants. Our business would be adversely affected if any of our major tenants or any other tenants became insolvent, declared
bankruptcy, are put into receivership or otherwise refused to pay rent in a timely fashion or at all. 

 Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions in general and the Northeastern commercial office markets in particular could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. 

 Our business may be affected by the unprecedented volatility and illiquidity in the financial and credit markets, the general global
economic recession, and other market or economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole. Our business may also be adversely affected by local economic
conditions, as substantially all of our revenues are derived from our properties located in the Northeast, particularly in New York, Westchester County and Connecticut. Because our portfolio consists
primarily of commercial office buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio) located principally in Manhattan, if economic conditions persist or deteriorate, then our results of
operations, financial condition and ability to service current debt and to pay distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected by the following, among other potential
conditions: 

significant job losses in the financial and professional services industries have occurred and may continue to occur,
which may decrease demand for our office space, causing market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 
 our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, may be limited, which could reduce our
ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from both our existing operations and our acquisition and development activities and
increase our future interest expense; 
 reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt
financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; and 
 reduced liquidity in debt markets and increased credit risk premiums for certain market participants may impair our
ability to access capital. 

These
conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions, may continue or worsen in the future. 

 We may suffer adverse consequences if our revenues decline since our operating costs do not necessarily decline in proportion to our revenue. 

 We earn a significant portion of our income from renting our properties. Our operating costs, however, do not necessarily fluctuate in
relation to changes in our rental revenue. This means that our costs will not necessarily decline even if our revenues do. Our operating costs could also increase while our revenues do not. If our
operating costs increase but our rental revenues do not, we may be forced to borrow to cover our costs, we may incur losses and we may not have cash available for distributions to SL Green. 

 6 

Table of Contents 

We face risks associated with property acquisitions. 

We may acquire individual properties and portfolios of properties. Our acquisition activities and their success may be exposed to the
following risks: 

even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, it is usually subject to customary conditions to closing,
including due diligence investigations to our satisfaction; 
 we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; 
 acquired properties may fail to perform as we expected; 
 our estimates of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be inaccurate; 
 we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for new properties; 
 acquired properties may be located in new markets where we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or
understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of
properties, into our existing operations, and as a result our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We
may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted
against us based upon those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle it, which could adversely affect our cash flow. Unknown liabilities with respect to properties acquired might
include: 

liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination; 
 claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties; 
 liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and 
 claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the
properties. 

Competition for acquisitions may reduce the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the costs of those acquisitions. 

 We may continue to acquire properties as we are presented with attractive opportunities. We may face competition for acquisition
opportunities with other investors, particularly private investors who can incur more leverage, and this competition may adversely affect us by subjecting us to the following
risks: 

an inability to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real estate
investors, including publicly traded and privately held REITs, private real estate funds, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, pension trusts,
partnerships and individual investors; and 
 an increase in the purchase price for such acquisition property, in the event we are able to acquire such desired
property. 

We rely on four large properties for a significant portion of our revenue. 

 As of December 31, 2009, four of our properties, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 919 Third Avenue, 810 Seventh Avenue and 1350
Avenue of the Americas, accounted for approximately 69 of our portfolio annualized rent, including our share of joint venture annualized rent, and 1185 Avenue of the Americas alone accounted for
approximately 27 of our portfolio annualized rent, including our share of joint venture annualized rent. Our 

 7 

Table of Contents 

revenue
and cash available for distribution to SL Green would be materially adversely affected if the ground lease for the 1185 Avenue of the Americas property were terminated for any reason or if one
or all of these properties were materially damaged or destroyed. Additionally, our revenue and cash available for distribution to SL Green would be materially adversely affected if our tenants at
these properties experienced a downturn in their business which may weaken their financial condition and result in their failure to timely make rental payments, defaulting under their leases or filing
for bankruptcy. 

 The continuing threat of terrorist attacks may adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to generate cash flow. 

There may be a decrease in demand for space in New York City because it is considered at risk for future terrorist attacks, and this
decrease may reduce our revenues from property rentals. In the aftermath of a terrorist attack, tenants in the New York City area may choose to relocate their business to less populated, lower-profile
areas of the United States that are not as likely to be targets of future terrorist activity. This in turn would trigger a decrease in the demand for space in the New York City area, which could
increase vacancies in our properties and force us to lease our properties on less favorable terms. As a result, the value of our properties and the level of our revenues could materially decline. 

A terrorist attack could cause insurance premiums to increase significantly. 

 SL Green maintains "all-risk" property and rental value coverage (including coverage regarding the perils of flood,
earthquake and terrorism) within two property insurance portfolios and liability insurance. This includes the ROP assets. The first property portfolio maintains a blanket limit of
 600.0 million per occurrence for the majority of the New York City properties in our portfolio with a sub-limit of 450.0 million for acts of terrorism. This policy expires
on December 31, 2010. The second portfolio maintains a limit of 600.0 million per occurrence, including terrorism, for a few New York City properties and the majority of the Suburban
properties. The second property policy expires on December 31, 2010. Additional coverage may be purchased on a stand alone basis for certain assets. The liability policies cover all our
properties and provide limits of 200.0 million per property. The liability policies expire on October 31, 2010. 

 In
October 2006, SL Green formed a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary, Belmont Insurance Company, or Belmont, to act as a captive insurance company and be one of the elements of our
overall insurance program Belmont was formed in an effort to, among other reasons, stabilize to some extent the fluctuations of insurance market conditions. Belmont is licensed in New York to write
Terrorism, NBCR (nuclear, biological, chemical, and radiological), General Liability, Environmental Liability and D O coverage. 

Terrorism: Belmont acts as a direct property insurer with respect to a portion of our terrorism coverage for the New York
City properties. Effective September 1, 2009 Belmont increased its terrorism coverage from 250 million to 400 million in an upper layer. In addition, Belmont purchased
reinsurance to reinsure the retained insurable risk not otherwise covered under Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization and Extension Act of 2007 (TRIPRA), as detailed below. 
 NBCR: Belmont acts as a direct insurer of NBCR coverage up to 250 million on the entire property portfolio. 
 General Liability: Belmont insures a deductible on the general liability insurance with a 150,000 deductible per
occurrence and a 2.2 million annual aggregate stop loss limit. SL Green has secured an excess insurer to protect against catastrophic liability losses above the 150,000 deductible per
occurrence and a stop loss if aggregate claims exceed 2.2 million. Belmont has retained a third party administrator to manage all claims within the deductible and we anticipate that direct
management of liability claims will improve loss experience and ultimately lower the cost of liability insurance in future years. In addition, SL Green has an umbrella liability policy of
 200.0 million. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Liability: Belmont insures a deductible of 1 million per occurrence on a 30 million
environmental liability policy covering the entire portfolio. 

TRIA,
which was enacted in November 2002, was renewed on December 31, 2007. Congress extended TRIA, now called TRIPRA (Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization and
Extension Act of 2007) until December 31, 2014. The law extends the federal Terrorism Insurance Program that requires insurance companies to offer terrorism coverage and provides for
compensation for insured losses resulting from acts of foreign and domestic terrorism. Our debt instruments, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties (which are generally
non-recourse to us), mezzanine loans, ground leases and SL Green's 2007 unsecured revolving credit facility, contain customary covenants requiring us to maintain insurance. There can be no
assurance that the lenders or ground lessors under these instruments will not take the position that a total or partial exclusion from "all-risk" insurance coverage for losses due to
terrorist acts is a breach of these debt and ground lease instruments that allows the lenders or ground lessors to declare an event of default and accelerate repayment of debt or recapture of ground
lease positions. In addition, if lenders insist on full coverage for these risks and prevail in asserting that we are required to maintain such coverage, it could result in substantially higher
insurance premiums. 

 Our dependence on smaller and growth-oriented businesses to rent our office space could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. 

 Many of the tenants in our properties are smaller, growth-oriented businesses that may not have the financial strength of larger
corporate tenants. Smaller companies generally experience a higher rate of failure than large businesses. Growth-oriented firms may also seek other office space, including Class A space, as
they develop. Dependence on these companies could create a higher risk of tenant defaults, turnover and bankruptcies, which could adversely affect our distributable cash flow and results of
operations. 

 Recent turmoil in the credit markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms. 

 The U.S. credit markets have recently experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions which have caused the spreads on
prospective debt financings to widen considerably.
Continued turmoil in the credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt financing at reasonable terms, which may negatively affect investment returns on future acquisitions
or our ability to make acquisitions. 

 Debt financing, financial covenants, degree of leverage, and increases in interest rates could adversely affect our economic performance. 

 Scheduled debt payments could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 The total principal amount of our outstanding consolidated indebtedness was approximately 0.9 billion as of December 31,
2009, consisting of approximately 0.7 billion under our senior unsecured notes and convertible bonds, and approximately 0.2 billion of non-recourse mortgage loan on one of
our properties. As of December 31, 2009, the total principal amount of non-recourse indebtedness outstanding at our joint venture property was approximately 315.0 million,
of which our proportionate share was approximately 94.5 million. Cash flow could be insufficient to pay distributions at expected levels and meet the payments of principal and interest
required under our current mortgage indebtedness, senior unsecured notes and indebtedness outstanding at our joint venture properties. 

 If
we are unable to make payments under our senior unsecured notes, the principal and unpaid interest will become immediately payable. If a property is mortgaged to secure payment of
indebtedness and we are unable to meet mortgage payments, the mortgagee could foreclose on the property, resulting in loss of income and asset value. Foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an
inability to make payments under our unsecured notes would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 9 

Table of Contents 

 We
may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness, which in all cases requires substantial principal payments at maturity. In 2010, none of the debt on either of our consolidated
properties or our unconsolidated joint venture property, respectively, will mature. However, we have the right to call our 4 exchangeable bonds in June 2010. At the present time, we intend to
exercise extension options or refinance the debt associated with our properties on or prior to their respective maturity dates. If any principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended
or paid with proceeds of other capital transactions, such as new equity or debt capital, our cash flow will not be sufficient in all years to repay all maturing debt. At the time of refinancing,
prevailing interest rates or other factors, such as the possible reluctance of lenders to make commercial real estate loans may result in higher
interest rates. Increased interest expense on the refinanced debt would adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service debt and make distributions to SL Green. 

 Financial covenants could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

 The mortgages on our properties contain customary negative covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property, to enter
into new leases or materially modify existing leases, and to discontinue insurance coverage. The terms of our senior unsecured notes include certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other
things, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the minimum amount of debt service coverage, the maximum amount of
consolidated unsecured and secured indebtedness and the minimum amount of unencumbered assets. These restrictions could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to make distributions
to SL Green. 

 Rising interest rates could adversely affect our cash flow. 

 We may incur indebtedness in the future that bears interest at a variable rate or may be required to refinance our debt at higher
rates. Accordingly, increases in interest rates above that which we anticipated based upon historical trends could adversely affect our ability to continue to make distributions to stockholders. At
December 31, 2009, we had no variable rate borrowings. 

 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect results of operations. 

 The interest rate hedge instruments we may use to manage some of our exposure to interest rate volatility involve risk, such as the
risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. In addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. Failure
to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. 

No limitation on debt could adversely affect our cash flow. 

 Our organizational documents do not contain any limitation on the amount of indebtedness we may incur. If we become more highly
leveraged, an increase in debt service could adversely affect cash available for distribution to SL Green and could increase the risk of default on our indebtedness. In addition, any change that
increases SL Green's debt to market capitalization percentage could be viewed negatively by
investors. As a result, SL Green's share price could decrease. SL Green's market capitalization is variable and does not necessarily reflect the fair market value of its assets at all times. SL Green
also considers factors other than market capitalization in making decisions regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, such as the purchase price of properties to be acquired with debt financing, the
estimated market value of our properties upon refinancing and the ability of particular properties and our business as a whole to generate cash flow to cover expected debt service. 

 Structured finance investments could cause us to incur expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 We owned three mezzanine and other loans with an aggregate book value of approximately 27.0 million at December 31,
2009. Such investments may or may not be recourse obligations of the borrower and are not insured or guaranteed by governmental agencies or otherwise. In the event of a default under these
obligations, we may 

 10 

Table of Contents 

have
to realize upon our collateral and thereafter make substantial improvements or repairs to the underlying real estate in order to maximize the property's investment potential. Borrowers may
contest enforcement of foreclosure or other remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against such enforcement and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce their obligation to
us. Relatively high loan-to-value ratios and declines in the value of the property may prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our investment upon foreclosure or
realization. 

 We
evaluate the collectability of both interest and principal of each of our loans, if circumstances warrant, to determine whether they are impaired. A loan is impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the existing contractual terms. When a loan is impaired, the amount of the loss accrual is
calculated by comparing the carrying amount of the investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient,
to the value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. There can be no assurance that our estimates of collectible amounts will not change over time or that they will be representative of
the amounts we actually collect, including amounts we would collect if we chose to sell these investments before their maturity. If we collect less than our estimates, we will record charges which
could be material. We maintain and regularly evaluate financial reserves to protect against potential future losses. Our reserves reflect management's judgment of the probability and severity of
losses. We cannot be certain that our judgment will prove to be correct and that reserves will be adequate over time to protect against potential future losses because of unanticipated adverse changes
in the economy or events adversely affecting specific properties, assets, tenants, borrowers, industries in which our tenants and borrowers operate or markets in which our tenants and borrowers or
their properties are located. We believe the increase in our non-performing loans has been driven by the recent credit crisis, which have adversely impacted the ability of many of our
borrowers to service their debt and refinance our loans to them at maturity. We have increased our provision for loan losses in 2008 and 2009 based upon the performance of our assets and conditions in
the financial markets and overall economy, which deteriorated precipitously in the fourth quarter of 2008. If our reserves for credit losses prove inadequate, we could suffer losses which would have a
material adverse affect on our financial performance, the market prices of our securities and our ability to make distributions. 

 Joint investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority and reliance upon a co-venturer's financial condition. 

 We co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures, co-tenancies or other entities, acquiring
non-controlling interests in, or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of, a property, partnership, joint venture, co-tenancy or other entity. Therefore, we will not
be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding that property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may
involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that our partners, co-tenants or co-venturers might become bankrupt or otherwise fail to
fund their share of required capital contributions. Additionally, our partners or co-venturers might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals, which are inconsistent
with our business interests or goals. These investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner, co-tenant or
co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Consequently, actions by such partner, co-tenant or co-venturer might result in
subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in specific circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners,
co-tenants or co-venturers. As of December 31, 2009, our unconsolidated joint venture owned one property and we had an aggregate cost basis in the joint venture totaling
approximately 51.3 million. As of December 31, 2009, our share of unconsolidated joint venture debt totaled approximately 94.5 million. 

Our joint venture agreements may contain terms in favor of our partners that could have an adverse effect on the value of our investments in the joint ventures. 

 Each of our joint venture agreements has been individually negotiated with our partner in the joint venture and, in some cases, we have
agreed to terms that are favorable to our partner in the joint venture. For example, 

 11 

Table of Contents 

our
partner may be entitled to a specified portion of the profits of the joint venture before we are entitled to any portion of such profits and our partner may have rights to buy our interest in the
joint venture, to force us to buy the partner's interest in the joint venture or to compel the sale of the property owned by such joint venture. These rights may permit our partner in a particular
joint venture to obtain a greater benefit from the value or profits of the joint venture than us, which could have an adverse effect on the value of our investment in the joint venture and on our
financial condition and results of operations. We may also enter into similar arrangements in the future. 

We are subject to possible environmental liabilities and other possible liabilities. 

 We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws. These laws regulate our use, storage, disposal and management of
hazardous substances and wastes and can impose liability on property owners or operators for the clean-up of certain hazardous substances released on a property and any associated damage
to natural resources without regard to whether the release was legal or whether it was caused by the property owner or operator. The presence of hazardous substances on our properties may adversely
affect occupancy and our ability to develop or sell or borrow against those properties. In addition to potential liability for clean-up costs, private plaintiffs may bring claims for
personal injury, property damage or for similar reasons. Various laws also impose liability for the clean-up of contamination at any facility (e.g., a landfill) to which we have
sent hazardous substances for treatment or disposal, without regard to whether the materials were transported, treated and disposed in accordance with law. 

 We may incur significant costs complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar laws. 

 Our properties may be subject to other risks relating to current or future laws including laws benefiting disabled persons, and other
state or local zoning, construction or other regulations. These laws may require significant property modifications in the future for which we may not have budgeted and could result in fines being
levied against us. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on our cash flows and ability to make distributions to stockholders. 

 Under
the Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Additional federal, state and
local laws also may require modifications to our properties, or restrict our ability to renovate our properties. We have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine
our compliance. If one or more of our properties is not in compliance with the ADA or other legislation, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance. We
cannot predict the ultimate amount of the cost of compliance with ADA or other legislation. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA and any other legislation, our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flow and/or ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 

 We face potential conflicts of interest. 

 Members of management may have a conflict of interest over whether to enforce terms of agreements with entities with which senior management, directly or indirectly, has an
affiliation. 

 Through Alliance Building Services, or Alliance, First Quality Maintenance, L.P., or First Quality, provides cleaning,
extermination and related services, Classic Security LLC provides security services, Bright Star Couriers LLC provides messenger services, and Onyx Restoration Works provides restoration
services with respect to certain properties owned by us. Alliance is owned by Gary Green, a son of Stephen L. Green, the chairman of SL Green's board of directors. SL Green and its tenants accounted
for approximately 23.7 of Alliance's 2009 total revenue. The contracts pursuant to which these services are provided are not the result of arm's length negotiations and, therefore, there can be no
assurance that the terms and conditions are not less favorable than those which could be obtained from third parties providing comparable services. In addition, to the extent that we choose to enforce
our rights under any of these agreements, we may determine to pursue available remedies, such 

 12 

Table of Contents 

as
actions for damages or injunctive relief, less vigorously than we otherwise might because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with the individual involved. 

As
of December 31, 2009, services were being provided by these entities to 11 of the properties owned by ROP. 

 Members of management may have a conflict of interest over whether to enforce terms of senior management's employment and non-competition agreements. 

 Stephen Green, Marc Holliday, Gregory Hughes, Andrew Levine and Andrew Mathias entered into employment and noncompetition agreements
with SL Green pursuant to which they have agreed not to actively engage in the acquisition, development or operation of office real estate in the New York City metropolitan area. For the most part
these restrictions apply to the executive both during his employment and for a period of time thereafter. Each executive is also prohibited from otherwise disrupting or interfering with our business
through the solicitation of our employees or clients or otherwise. To the extent that SL Green chooses to enforce its rights under any of these agreements, SL Green may determine to pursue available
remedies, such as actions for damages or injunctive relief, less vigorously than we otherwise might because of its desire to maintain its ongoing relationship with the individual involved.
Additionally, the non-competition provisions of these agreements despite being limited in scope and duration, could be difficult to enforce, or may be subject to limited enforcement,
should litigation arise over them in the future. Mr. Green has interests in two properties in Manhattan, which are exempt from the non-competition provisions of his employment and
non-competition agreement. 

 SL Green's failure to qualify as a REIT would be costly. 

 We believe that SL Green has operated in a manner to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and SL Green intends to continue
to so operate. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. The determination that SL Green is a REIT requires an analysis of factual matters and circumstances. These
matters, some of which may not be totally within SL Green's control, can affect its qualification as a REIT. For example, to qualify as a REIT, at least 95 of SL Green's gross income must come from
designated sources that are listed in the REIT tax laws. SL Green is also required to distribute to stockholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income excluding capital gains. The fact that SL Green
holds its assets through subsidiaries further complicates the application of the REIT requirements. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize SL Green's REIT status. Furthermore,
Congress and the Internal Revenue Service, which we refer to as the IRS, might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult, or
impossible, for SL Green to remain qualified as a REIT. 

 If
SL Green fails to qualify as a REIT, it would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Also, unless the IRS grants SL Green relief under specific statutory
provisions, it would remain disqualified as a REIT for four years following the year it first failed to qualify. If SL Green failed to qualify as a REIT, it would have to pay significant income taxes
and ROP would therefore have less money available to service indebtedness. 

 SL Green would incur adverse tax consequences if RARC failed to qualify as a REIT. 

 SL Green has assumed that RARC has historically qualified as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes and that SL Green
will continue to be able to qualify as a REIT following the Merger. However, if RARC failed to qualify as a REIT, SL Green generally would have succeeded to significant tax liabilities (including the
significant tax liability that would result from a deemed sale of assets by RARC pursuant to the Merger). 

 We face significant competition for tenants. 

 The leasing of real estate is highly competitive. The principal means of competition are rent charged, location, services provided and
the nature and condition of the facility to be leased. We directly compete with all lessors and developers of similar space in the areas in which our properties are located. Demand for retail space 

 13 

Table of Contents 

has
been impacted by the recent bankruptcy of a number of retail companies and a general trend toward consolidation in the retail industry, which could adversely affect the ability of our company to
attract and retain tenants. 

 Our
commercial office properties are concentrated in highly developed areas of midtown Manhattan and certain Suburban central business districts, or CBDs. Manhattan is the largest office
market in the United States. The number of competitive office properties in Manhattan and CBDs in which our Suburban properties are located (which may be newer or better located than our properties)
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease office space at our properties, and on the effective rents we are able to charge. 

 Loss of our key personnel could harm our operations. 

 We are dependent on the efforts of Stephen L. Green, the chairman of the board of directors of SL Green and an executive officer, Marc
Holliday, the chief executive officer of SL Green and president of WAGP, Andrew Mathias, the president and chief investment officer of SL Green and Gregory F. Hughes, the chief operating officer and
chief financial officer of SL Green and the treasurer of WAGP. These officers have employment agreements which expire in December 2010, January 2013, December 2010 and June 2010, respectively. A loss
of the services of any of these individuals could adversely affect our operations. 

 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 

 Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a Disaster Recovery Plan for our internal
information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war
and telecommunication failures. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. We may also incur additional costs to
remedy damages caused by such disruptions. 

 Compliance with changing regulation applicable to corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses, affect our operations and affect our
reputation. 

 Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and other SEC regulations and New York Stock Exchange rules, are creating uncertainty for public companies. These new or changed laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying
interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies,
which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We are committed to maintaining
high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result
in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. In particular, our efforts to comply
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related regulations regarding our required assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting has required the commitment of
significant financial and managerial resources. In addition, it has become more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. We expect these efforts to
require the continued commitment of significant resources. Further, our directors, president and treasurer could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of
their duties. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified directors and executive officers, which could harm our business. If our efforts to comply with new or changed laws,
regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, our reputation may be harmed. 

 14 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Statements May Prove Inaccurate 

 See Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-looking
Information" for additional disclosure regarding forward-looking statements. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 As of December 31, 2009, we did not have any unresolved comments with the staff of the SEC. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 The Portfolio 

 General 

 As of December 31, 2009, we owned or held interests in four consolidated commercial office properties encompassing approximately
3.8 million rentable square feet, located primarily in midtown Manhattan. Certain of these properties include at least a small amount of retail space on the lower floors, as well as
basement/storage space. As of December 31, 2009, our portfolio also included ownership interests in 16 consolidated and one unconsolidated commercial office properties located in Queens,
Westchester County and Connecticut, or the Suburban assets, encompassing approximately 2.6 million rentable square feet and approximately 1.4 million rentable square feet, respectively. 

 15 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to each of the Manhattan and Suburban office and retail properties in the portfolio as of
December 31, 2009: 

Manhattan Properties

Year Built/ 
Renovated 
 
 SubMarket 
 
 Approximate 
Rentable 
Square Feet 
 
 Percentage 
of Portfolio 
Rentable 
Square 
Feet ) 
 
 Percent 
Leased ) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent 's) (1) 
 
 Percentage 
of Portfolio 
Annualized 
Rent ) (2) 
 
 Number 
of 
Tenants 
 
 Annualized 
Rent Per 
Leased 
Square 
Foot ) (3) 
 
 Annualized 
Net Effective 
Rent Per 
Leased 
Square Foot ) (4) 

CONSOLIDATED PROPERTIES 

810 Seventh Avenue 

1970 
 
 Times Square 

692,000 

9 

88.8 

38,393,772 

15 

36 

61.17 

53.84 

919 Third Avenue (5) 

1970 
 
 Grand Central North 

1,454,000 

19 

99.9 

82,829,652 

16 

15 

57.07 

50.81 

1185 Avenue of the Americas (6) 

1969 
 
 Rockefeller Center 

1,062,000 

14 

98.9 

71,165,940 

27 

20 

66.41 

61.24 

1350 Avenue of the Americas 

1966 
 
 Rockefeller Center 

562,000 

7 

89.2 

29,870,676 

11 

42 

58.81 

54.22 

Total / Weighted Average Consolidated Properties (7) 

3,770,000 

49 

96.0 

222,260,040 

69 

113 

Suburban Properties 

CONSOLIDATED PROPERTIES 

1100 King Street 1 International Drive 

1983-1986 
 
 Rye Brook, Westchester 

90,000 

1 

100.0 

2,453,940 

1 

1 

27.27 

25.68 

1100 King Street 2 International Drive 

1983-1986 
 
 Rye Brook, Westchester 

90,000 

1 

79.4 

2,106,984 

1 

4 

29.47 

24.12 

1100 King Street 3 International Drive 

1983-1986 
 
 Rye Brook, Westchester 

90,000 

1 

73.0 

1,955,208 

1 

4 

27.21 

26.61 

1100 King Street 4 International Drive 

1983-1986 
 
 Rye Brook, Westchester 

90,000 

1 

96.9 

2,704,128 

1 

10 

32.79 

26.02 

1100 King Street 5 International Drive 

1983-1986 
 
 Rye Brook, Westchester 

90,000 

1 

79.9 

1,975,668 

1 

8 

27.51 

22.17 

1100 King Street 6 International Drive 

1983-1986 
 
 Rye Brook, Westchester 

90,000 

1 

100.0 

2,841,168 

1 

4 

29.79 

27.70 

520 White Plains Road 

1979 
 
 Tarrytown, Westchester 

180,000 

2 

93.2 

4,377,708 

2 

10 

26.80 

23.01 

115-117 Stevens Avenue 

1984 
 
 Valhalla, Westchester 

178,000 

2 

67.0 

2,378,244 

1 

13 

23.72 

19.02 

100 Summit Lake Drive 

1988 
 
 Valhalla, Westchester 

250,000 

3 

86.4 

5,811,336 

2 

7 

29.72 

27.31 

200 Summit Lake Drive 

1990 
 
 Valhalla, Westchester 

245,000 

3 

93.5 

6,817,812 

2 

9 

30.34 

28.57 

500 Summit Lake Drive 

1986 
 
 Valhalla, Westchester 

228,000 

3 

56.4 

4,874,304 

2 

4 

26.03 

23.31 

140 Grand Street 

1991 
 
 White Plains, Westchester 

130,100 

2 

96.6 

3,852,641 

1 

12 

34.76 

27.82 

360 Hamilton Avenue 

2000 
 
 White Plains, Westchester 

384,000 

5 

100.0 

13,367,208 

5 

14 

35.70 

31.80 

Westchester, NY Subtotal 

2,135,100 

26 

86.5 

55,516,349 

21 

100 

680 Washington Boulevard (5) 

1989 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 

133,000 

2 

84.5 

2,798,460 

1 

5 

38.62 

33.26 

750 Washington Boulevard (5) 

1989 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 

192,000 

3 

97.4 

6,718,020 

1 

8 

37.07 

34.63 

1055 Washington Boulevard (6) 

1987 
 
 Stamford, Connecticut 

182,000 

2 

87.2 

5,469,228 

2 

20 

33.79 

32.92 

Connecticut Subtotal 

507,000 

7 

90.4 

14,985,708 

4 

33 

Total / Weighted Average Consolidated Property (8) 

2,642,100 

33 

87.2 

70,502,057 

25 

133 

UNCONSOLIDATED PROPERTY 

One Court Square 30 

1987 
 
 Long Island City, New York 

1,402,000 

18 

100.0 

51,363,840 

6 

1 

36.65 

36.65 

Total / Weighted Average Unconsolidated Property (9) 

1,402,000 

18 

100.0 

51,363,840 

6 

1 

Grand Total / Weighted Average 

7,814,100 

100 

93.7 

344,125,937 

247 

Grand Total SLG share of Annualized Rent 

262,921,644 

100 

(1) Annualized
Rent represents the monthly contractual rent under existing leases as of December 31, 2009 multiplied by 12. This amount reflects total
rent before any rent abatements and includes expense reimbursements, which may be estimated as of such date. Total rent abatements for leases in effect as of December 31, 2009 for the
12 months ending December 31, 2010 are approximately 1.0 million for our consolidated properties and 0.5 million for our unconsolidated property.
 (2) Includes
our share of unconsolidated joint venture annualized rent calculated on a consistent basis.
 (3) Annualized
Rent Per Leased Square Foot represents Annualized Rent, as described in footnote (1) above, presented on a per leased square foot basis.
 (4) Annual
Net Effective Rent Per Leased Square Foot represents (a) for leases in effect at the time an interest in the relevant property was first
acquired by us, the remaining lease payments under the lease from the acquisition date divided by the number of months remaining under the lease multiplied by 12 and (b) for leases entered into
after an interest in the relevant property was first acquired by us, all lease payments under the lease divided by the number of months in the lease multiplied by 12, and, in the case of both
(a) and (b), minus tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions, if any, paid or payable by us and presented on a per leased square foot basis. Annual Net Effective Rent Per Leased Square
Foot includes future contractual increases in rental payments and therefore, in certain cases, may exceed Annualized Rent Per Leased Square Foot.
 (5) We
hold a 51 interest in this property.
 (6) We
hold a leasehold interest in this property.
 (7) Includes
approximately 3.5 million square feet of rentable office space, 0.1 million square feet of rentable retail space and
0.2 million square feet of garage space.
 (8) Includes
approximately 2.6 million square feet of rentable office space and 0.1 million square feet of rentable retail space.
 (9) Includes
approximately 1.4 million square feet of rentable office space. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Expirations 

 Leases in our Manhattan portfolio, as at many other Manhattan office properties, typically have a term of seven to fifteen years,
compared to typical lease terms of five to ten years in other large U.S. office markets. For the five years ending December 31, 2014, the average annual rollover at our Manhattan consolidated
properties is approximately 0.2 million square feet representing an average annual expiration rate of 6.2 per year (assuming no tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options and there are
no tenant bankruptcies or other tenant defaults). 

 The
following tables set forth a schedule of the annual lease expirations at our Manhattan consolidated properties, with respect to leases in place as of December 31, 2009 for
each of the next ten years and thereafter (assuming that no tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options and that there are no tenant bankruptcies or other tenant defaults): 

Manhattan Consolidated Properties 
Year of Lease Expiration

Number 
of 
Expiring 
Leases 
 
 Square 
Footage 
of 
Expiring 
Leases 
 
 Percentage 
of 
Total 
Leased 
Square 
Feet ) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent 
of 
Expiring 
Leases (1) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent 
Per 
Leased 
Square 
Foot of 
Expiring 
Leases (2) 

2010 (3) 

20 

185,443 

5.07 

9,402,276 

50.70 

2011 

7 

116,567 

3.19 

6,765,924 

58.04 

2012 

6 

189,880 

5.19 

10,800,288 

56.88 

2013 

11 

279,625 

7.64 

16,689,264 

59.68 

2014 

17 

356,580 

9.75 

19,432,632 

54.50 

2015 

5 

29,194 

0.80 

1,496,748 

51.27 

2016 

14 

384,803 

10.52 

23,421,036 

60.87 

2017 

4 

74,337 

2.03 

6,684,312 

89.92 

2018 

10 

291,758 

7.97 

21,247,764 

72.83 

2019 thereafter 

21 

1,750,271 

47.84 

106,319,796 

60.74 

Total/weighted average 

115 

3,658,458 

100.00 

222,260,040 

60.75 

(1) Annualized
Rent of Expiring Leases represents the monthly contractual rent under existing leases as of December 31, 2009 multiplied by 12. This
amount reflects total rent before any rent abatements and includes expense reimbursements, which may be estimated as of such date. Total rent abatements for leases in effect as of December 31,
2009 for the 12 months ending December 31, 2010, are approximately 1.0 million for the Manhattan properties.
 (2) Annualized
Rent Per Leased Square Foot of Expiring Leases represents Annualized Rent of Expiring Leases, as described in footnote (1) above,
presented on a per leased square foot basis.
 (3) Includes
no square feet of month-to-month holdover tenants whose leases expired prior to December 31, 2009. 

Leases in our Suburban portfolio, as at many other suburban office properties, typically have a term of five to ten years. For the five years
ending December 31, 2014, the average annual rollover at our Suburban consolidated and unconsolidated properties is approximately 0.3 million square feet and none, respectively,
representing an average
annual expiration rate of 14.2 and none respectively, per year (assuming no tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options and there are no tenant bankruptcies or other tenant defaults). 

 Our
Suburban unconsolidated property is leased to a single tenant on a net-lease basis. The lease expires in 2020. 

 The
following tables set forth a schedule of the annual lease expirations at our Suburban consolidated properties with respect to leases in place as of December 31, 2009 for each
of the next ten years and thereafter 

 17 

Table of Contents 

(assuming
that no tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options and that there are no tenant bankruptcies or other tenant defaults): 

Suburban Consolidated Properties 
Year of Lease Expiration

Number 
of 
Expiring 
Leases 
 
 Square 
Footage 
of 
Expiring 
Leases 
 
 Percentage 
of 
Total 
Leased 
Square 
Feet ) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent 
of 
Expiring 
Leases (1) 
 
 Annualized 
Rent 
Per 
Leased 
Square 
Foot of 
Expiring 
Leases (2) 

2010 (3) 

24 

343,036 

15.22 

10,556,688 

30.77 

2011 

26 

538,644 

23.89 

15,701,124 

29.15 

2012 

16 

136,802 

6.07 

4,576,608 

33.45 

2013 

18 

376,628 

16.70 

12,743,340 

33.84 

2014 

18 

203,530 

9.03 

6,353,844 

31.22 

2015 

11 

208,856 

9.26 

6,752,561 

32.33 

2016 

11 

229,260 

10.17 

6,995,100 

30.51 

2017 

2 

20,341 

0.90 

542,472 

26.67 

2018 

5 

90,943 

4.03 

2,565,312 

28.21 

2019 thereafter 

6 

106,834 

4.74 

3,715,008 

34.77 

Total/weighted average 

137 

2,254,874 

100.00 

70,502,057 

31.27 

(1) Annualized
Rent of Expiring Leases represents the monthly contractual rent under existing leases as of December 31, 2009 multiplied by 12. This
amount reflects total rent before any rent abatements and includes expense reimbursements, which may be estimated as of such date. Total rent abatements for leases in effect as of December 31,
2009 for the 12 months ending December 31, 2010 are approximately 0.5 million for the suburban properties.
 (2) Annualized
Rent Per Leased Square Foot of Expiring Leases represents Annualized Rent of Expiring Leases, as described in footnote (1) above,
presented on a per leased square foot basis.
 (3) Includes
2,643 square feet of month-to-month holdover tenants whose leases expired prior to December 31, 2009. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Tenant Diversification 

 At December 31, 2009, our portfolio was leased to approximately 247 tenants, which are engaged in a variety of businesses,
including professional services, financial services, media, apparel, business services and government/non-profit. The following table sets forth information regarding the leases with
respect to the 10 largest tenants in our portfolio, based on the amount of square footage leased by our tenants as of December 31, 2009: 

Tenant (1) 

Properties 
 
 Remaining 
Lease 
Term 
in Months (2) 
 
 Total 
Leased 
Square Feet 
 
 Percentage 
of 
Aggregate 
Portfolio 
Leased 
Square 
Feet ) 
 
 Percentage 
of 
Aggregate 
Portfolio 
Annualized 
Rent ) 

Citigroup, N.A. 
 
 Court Square and 750 Washington Blvd 

124 

1,510,197 

19.3 

6.6 

Debevoise Plimpton, LLP 
 
 919 Third Avenue 

144 

586,528 

7.5 

7.1 

Verizon 
 
 1100 King Street Bldg's 1 2 
500 Summit Lake Drive 

24 

295,737 

3.8 

3.0 

Schulte, Roth Zabel LLP 
 
 919 Third Avenue 

138 

263,186 

3.4 

2.8 

Amerada Hess Corp. 
 
 1185 Avenue of the Americas 

216 

182,529 

2.3 

4.2 

Fuji Color Processing Inc. 
 
 200 Summit Lake Drive 

39 

165,880 

2.1 

1.9 

King Spalding 
 
 1185 Avenue of the Americas 

190 

159,858 

2.0 

3.6 

National Hockey League 
 
 1185 Avenue of the Americas 

155 

148,216 

1.9 

4.2 

Banque National De Paris 
 
 919 Third Avenue 

79 

145,834 

1.9 

1.6 

Draft Worldwide 
 
 919 Third Avenue 

47 

141,260 

1.8 

1.6 

Total/ Weighted Average (3) 

3,599,225 

46.1 

36.6 

(1) This
list is not intended to be representative of our tenants as a whole.
 (2) Lease
term from December 31, 2009 until the date of the last expiring lease for tenants with multiple leases.
 (3) Weighted
average calculation based on total rentable square footage leased by each tenant. 

Environmental Matters 

 We engaged independent environmental consulting firms to perform Phase I environmental site assessments on our portfolio, in
order to assess existing environmental conditions. All of the Phase I assessments met the ASTM Standard. Under the ASTM Standard, a Phase I environmental site assessment consists of a
site visit, an historical record review, a review of regulatory agency data bases and records, and interviews with on-site personnel, with the purpose of identifying potential
environmental concerns associated with real estate. These environmental site assessments did not reveal any known environmental liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 As of December 31, 2009, we were not involved in any material litigation nor, to management's knowledge, is any material
litigation threatened against us or our portfolio other than routine
litigation arising in the ordinary course of business or litigation that is adequately covered by insurance. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

 No matters were submitted to a vote of our stockholders during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2009. 

 19 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

There is no established trading market for our common equity. As of February 16, 2010, there were two holders of our
Class A common units, both of which are subsidiaries of SL Green. 

 COMMON UNITS 

 No distributions have been declared by ROP subsequent to the Merger on January 25, 2007. 

 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

 We did not sell any Class A common units during the year ended December 31, 2009 that were not registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 In
2009 and 2008, none and 9,383 respectively, Class A common units were exchanged into shares of SL Green's common stock and cash in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 

 20 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following table sets forth our selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and notes
thereto included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The
financial position as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 (Predecessor) and the results of operations for the period from January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007
(Predecessor) and years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 (Predecessor), have been recorded based on the historical values of the assets and liabilities of ROP prior to the Merger. The financial
position as of December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 (Successor) and the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the period from January 26, 2007 to
December 31, 2007 (Successor) have been recorded based on the fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities of ROP in connection with the Merger. As such, the information presented may not
be comparable. 

Period 
January 26 to 
December 31, 
2007 
 
 Period 
January 1 to 
January 25, 
2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
2009 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
2008 

Operating Data

2006 
 
 2005 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Total revenue 

348,306 

349,547 

306,357 

26,418 

350,128 

351,861 

Operating expenses 

76,115 

80,099 

70,679 

6,770 

78,275 

71,019 

Real estate taxes 

55,317 

50,331 

46,391 

4,659 

56,525 

52,198 

Ground rent 

8,643 

8,643 

8,081 

699 

8,489 

7,907 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

56,299 

72,649 

69,068 

6,956 

98,512 

97,916 

Amortization of deferred finance costs 

152 

4,312 

4,166 

Depreciation and amortization 

99,792 

90,497 

72,692 

5,205 

75,417 

76,701 

Merger related costs 

8,814 

56,896 

Loan loss reserves 

24,907 

10,550 

Long-term incentive compensation expense 

1,800 

10,169 

23,534 

Marketing, general and administration 

563 

789 

698 

3,547 

42,749 

24,460 

Total expenses 

321,636 

313,558 

267,609 

38,602 

431,344 

357,901 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before items 

26,670 

35,989 

38,748 

(12,184) 
 
 (81,216) 
 
 (6,040) 

Equity in net income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

1,109 

838 

1,249 

8 

3,681 

1,371 

Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

3,519 

16,569 

Income (loss) before gains on sale 

31,298 

53,396 

39,997 

(12,176) 
 
 (77,535) 
 
 (4,669) 

Gain on sale of properties 

63,640 

92,130 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

31,298 

53,396 

39,997 

(12,176) 
 
 (13,895) 
 
 87,461 

Discontinued operations 

(42) 
 
 1,418 

2,457 

3,018 

70,411 

129,767 

Net (loss) income 

31,256 

54,814 

42,454 

(9,158) 
 
 56,516 

217,228 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(13,380) 
 
 (16,687) 
 
 (9,864) 
 
 (2,173) 
 
 (13,690) 
 
 (15,276) 

Income (loss) attributable to ROP common unitholders 

17,876 

38,127 

32,590 

(11,331) 
 
 42,826 

201,952 

Net income per Class A common unit 
Basic 

0.50 

2.40 

Cash distributions declared per Class A common unit 

1.70 

1.70 

Basic weighted average Class A common units outstanding 

84,870 

84,100 

21 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 

Balance Sheet Data (In thousands)

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Commercial real estate, before accumulated depreciation 

3,938,299 

3,907,982 

3,938,060 

3,649,874 

3,476,415 

Total assets 

3,969,890 

4,122,047 

4,266,869 

3,746,831 

3,816,459 

Mortgage notes payable, revolving credit facilities, term loans and senior unsecured notes 

887,259 

1,182,361 

1,279,873 

1,944,035 

2,023,687 

Total Capital 

2,755,187 

2,559,589 

2,541,803 

1,521,514 

1,563,370 

22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Overview 

 Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P., or ROP, commenced operations on June 2, 1995. Reckson Associates Realty Corp., or
RARC, served as the sole general partner until November 15, 2007, at which time RARC withdrew, and Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, or WAGP, succeeded it, as the sole general partner
of ROP. WAGP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., or the operating partnership. The sole limited partner of ROP is the operating partnership. 

 ROP
is engaged in the ownership, management, operation, acquisition, leasing, financing and development of commercial real estate properties, principally office properties and also owns
land for future development located in the New York City, Westchester and Connecticut which collectively is also known as the New York Metro Area. At December 31, 2009, our inventory of
development parcels aggregated approximately 81 acres of land in four separate parcels on which we can, based on estimates at December 31, 2009, develop approximately 1.1 million square
feet of office space and in which we had invested approximately 65.1 million. In addition, as of December 31, 2009 ROP also held approximately 27.0 million of structured finance
investments. 

 On
January 25, 2007, SL Green completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of RARC pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of August 3, 2006, as amended, the Merger Agreement, among SL Green, Wyoming Acquisition Corp., or Wyoming, Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, Wyoming Acquisition
Partnership LP, RARC and ROP. We paid approximately 6.0 billion, inclusive of transaction costs, for Reckson. This transaction is referred to herein as the Merger 

On
January 25, 2007, SL Green completed the sale, or Asset Sale, of certain assets of ROP to an investment group led by certain of Reckson's former executive management for a
total consideration of approximately 2.0 billion. 

 The
commercial real estate market is now in its third year of severe constraints on lending activity, resulting in continued illiquidity and reduced asset values. 

 Beginning
in the third quarter of 2007, the sub-prime residential lending and single family housing markets in the U.S. began to experience significant default rates,
declining real estate values and increasing backlog of housing supply. As a result of the poor credit performance in the residential markets, other lending markets experienced higher volatility and
decreased liquidity. The residential sector capital markets issues quickly spread into the asset-backed commercial real estate, corporate and other credit and equity markets. Substantially reduced
mortgage loan originations and securitizations continued through 2008 and 2009, and caused more generalized credit market dislocations and a significant contraction in available credit. As a result,
most commercial real estate owners, operators, investors and lenders continue to find it extremely difficult to obtain cost-effective debt capital to finance new investment activity or to
refinance maturing debt. In the few instances in which debt is available, it is at a cost much higher than in the recent past. 

 Credit
spreads on commercial mortgages (i.e., the interest rate spread over given benchmarks such as LIBOR or U.S. Treasury securities) are significantly influenced by:
(a) supply and demand for such mortgage loans; (b) perceived risk of the underlying real estate collateral cash flow; and (c) capital markets execution for the sale or financing
of such commercial mortgage assets. In the case of (a), the number of potential lenders in the marketplace and the amount of funds they are willing to devote to commercial mortgage assets will impact
credit spreads. As liquidity increases, spreads on equivalent commercial mortgage loans will decrease. Conversely, a lack of liquidity will result in credit spreads increasing. During periods of
volatility, such as the markets are currently experiencing, the number of lenders participating in the market may change at an accelerated pace. 

 During
the past two years, the New York City real estate market saw an increase in the direct vacancy rate, as well as an increase in the amount of sublease space on the market, which
largely subsided by late 2009. When the market absorbs sublease space, rents usually stabilize and occupancy begins to improve. We expect that total 

 23 

Table of Contents 

vacancy
in Manhattan has now reached, or is close to reaching its inflection point and will improve in 2010, although probably very slowly at first. Along with rent stabilization and slow recovery, we
anticipate a gradual reduction in the need to provide a long free rent period and large tenant improvement allowances used to attract tenants. 

 Property
sales continue to lag, as noted above. New York City sales activity in 2009 decreased by approximately 16.9 billion when compared to 2008, as total volume only reached
approximately 3.5 billion. We believe that this is primarily due to a lack of financing for purchasers. However, we have been able to access capital for refinancing purposes which we believe
primarily results from the asset quality of our portfolio and our ability to create and preserve asset value. 

 Leasing
activity for Manhattan, a borough of New York City, totaled approximately 16.3 million square feet compared to approximately 19.1 million square feet in 2008. Of
the total 2009 leasing activity in Manhattan, the Midtown submarket accounted for approximately 11.3 million square feet, or 69.1 . Midtown's overall vacancy increased from 8.5 at
December 31, 2008 to 12.0 at December 31, 2009, after reaching as high as 13.4 in October 2009. 

 Overall
asking rents for direct space in Midtown decreased from 72.08 at year-end 2008 to 57.32 at year-end 2009, a decrease of 20.5 . The decrease in rents has
been driven by increased vacancy resulting from the financial crisis. Management believes that rental rates will begin to moderate and concession packages will decline during 2010 as vacancy shrinks. 

 During
2009, minimal new office space was added to the Midtown office inventory. In a supply-constrained market, there is only 2.0 million square feet under construction in
Midtown as of year-end and which becomes available in the next two years, only 7.3 of which is pre-leased. 

 We
saw significant fluctuations in short-term interest rates, although they still remain low compared to historical levels. The 30-day LIBOR rate ended 2009 at
0.23 , a 21 basis point decrease from the end of 2008. Ten-year US Treasuries ended 2009 at 3.83 , a 162 basis point increase from the end of 2008. 

The
following discussion related to our consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements appearing in this report and in Item 8 of our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 As
a result of the substantial change in ownership from the Merger, SL Green has recorded the Merger in accordance with the provisions of "Push-Down Accounting." The
application of "push-down accounting" resulted in the adjustment of the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of ROP to fair value in the same manner as ROP's assets and
liabilities were recorded by SL Green subsequent to the Merger. The net impact of such adjustments was approximately 3.0 billion. 

As
of December 31, 2009, we owned the following interests in commercial office properties in the New York Metro area, primarily in midtown Manhattan, a borough of New York City,
or Manhattan. Our investments in the New York Metro area also include investments in Queens, Westchester County and Connecticut, which are collectively known as the Suburban assets: 

Location

Ownership 
 
 Number of 
Properties 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Occupancy (1) 

Manhattan 
 
 Consolidated properties 

4 

3,770,000 

96.0 

Suburban 
 
 Consolidated properties 

16 

2,642,100 

87.2 

Unconsolidated properties 

1 

1,402,000 

100.0 

21 

7,814,100 

93.7 

(1) The
weighted average occupancy represents the total leased square feet divided by total available rentable square feet. 

24 

Table of Contents 

We also own one development property encompassing approximately 36,800 square feet. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, and contingencies as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate our assumptions
and estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

 Investment in Commercial Real Estate Properties 

 On a periodic basis, we assess whether there are any indicators that the value of our real estate properties may be impaired or that
their carrying values may not be recoverable. A property's value is considered impaired if management's estimate of the aggregate future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges for
consolidated properties and discounted for unconsolidated properties) to be generated by the property are less than the carrying value of the property. To the extent impairment has occurred and is
considered to be other than temporary, the loss will be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the property over the calculated fair value of the property. We do not believe that the value
of any of our consolidated real estate properties or equity investment in rental property was impaired at December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

 A
variety of costs are incurred in the development and leasing of our properties. After determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project
that is benefited. Determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. The costs of land and building under development
include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest
costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. We consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for
occupancy upon the completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity. We cease capitalization on the portions substantially completed and
occupied or held available for occupancy, and capitalize only those costs associated with the portions under construction. 

 We
allocate the purchase price of real estate to land and building and, if determined to be material, intangibles, such as the value of above-, below-, and at-market leases
and origination costs associated with the in-place leases. We depreciate the amount allocated to building and other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which generally
range from three to 40 years and from one to 14 years, respectively. The values of the above- and below-market leases are amortized and recorded as either an increase (in the case of
below-market leases) or a decrease (in the case of above-market leases) to rental income over the remaining term of the associated lease, which range from one to 14 years. The value associated
with in-place leases are amortized over the expected term of the associated lease, which range from one to 14 years. If a tenant vacates its space prior to the contractual
termination of the lease and no rental payments are being made on the lease, any unamortized balance of the related intangible will be written off. The tenant improvements and origination costs are
amortized as an expense over the remaining life of the lease (or charged against earnings if the lease is terminated prior to its contractual expiration date). We assess fair value of the leases based
on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors
including the historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions that may affect the property. 

 25 

Table of Contents 

 Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture 

 We account for our investment in unconsolidated joint venture under the equity method of accounting in cases where we exercise
significant influence, but do not control the entity and are not considered to be the primary beneficiary. We consolidate those joint ventures which are VIEs and where we are considered to be the
primary beneficiary, even though we do not control the entity. In all the joint ventures, the rights of the minority investor are both protective as well as participating. Unless we are determined to
be the primary beneficiary, these rights preclude us from consolidating these investments. These investments are recorded initially at cost, as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, and
subsequently adjusted for equity in net income (loss) and cash contributions and distributions. Any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on our balance sheet and the underlying
equity in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures over the lesser of the joint venture term or 10 years. Equity income (loss)
from unconsolidated joint ventures is allocated based on our ownership interest in each joint venture. When a capital event (as defined in each joint venture agreement) such as a refinancing occurs,
if return thresholds are met, future equity income will be allocated at our increased economic percentage. We recognize incentive income from unconsolidated real estate joint ventures as income to the
extent it is earned and not subject to a clawback feature. Distributions we receive from unconsolidated real estate joint ventures in excess of our basis in the investment are recorded as offsets to
our investment balance if we remain liable for future obligations of the joint venture or may otherwise be committed to provide future additional financial support. None of the joint venture debt is
recourse to us. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The excess of rents recognized over
amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases are included in deferred rents receivable on the accompanying balance sheets. We establish, on a current basis, an allowance for future
potential tenant credit losses, which may occur against this account. The balance reflected on the balance sheet is net of such allowance. 

 Interest
income on structured finance investments is recognized over the life of the investment using the effective interest method and recognized on the accrual basis. Fees received in
connection with loan commitments are deferred until the loan is funded and are then recognized over the term of the loan as an adjustment to yield. Anticipated exit fees, whose collection is expected,
are also recognized over the term of the loan as an adjustment to yield. Fees on commitments that expire unused are recognized at expiration. 

Income
recognition is generally suspended for structured finance investments at the earlier of the date at which payments become 90 days past due or when, in the opinion of
management, a full recovery of income and principal becomes doubtful. Income recognition is resumed when the loan becomes contractually current and performance is demonstrated to be resumed. 

 26 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our tenants to make required rent
payments. If the financial condition of a specific tenant were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of its ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 

Reserve for Possible Credit Losses 

 The expense for possible credit losses in connection with structured finance investments is the charge to earnings to increase the
allowance for possible credit losses to the level that we estimate to be adequate considering delinquencies, loss experience and collateral quality. Other factors considered relate to geographic
trends and product diversification, the size of the portfolio and current economic conditions. Based upon these factors, we establish the provision for possible credit losses by category of asset.
When it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts contractually due, the account is considered impaired. 

Where
impairment is indicated, a valuation allowance is measured based upon the excess of the recorded investment amount over the net fair value of the collateral. Any deficiency between
the carrying amount of an asset and the calculated value of the collateral is charged to expense. We recorded a reserve for impairment of approximately 24.9 million and 10.6 million in
loan loss reserves and charge offs during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. No reserve for impairment was required at December 31, 2007. 

Results of Operations 

 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2009 to the year ended December 31, 2008 

 The following section compares the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2009 to the year ended
December 31, 2008 for the 20 consolidated properties owned by ROP. 

Rental Revenues (in millions)

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Rental revenue 

287.4 

280.1 

7.3 

2.6 

Escalation and reimbursement revenue 

54.8 

53.8 

1.0 

1.9 

Total 

342.2 

333.9 

8.3 

2.5 

At December 31, 2009, we estimated that the current market rents on our consolidated Manhattan properties and consolidated Suburban
properties were approximately 0.8 higher and 1.0 lower, respectively, than then existing in-place fully escalated rents. Approximately 8.9 of the space leased at our consolidated
properties expires during 2010. 

Investment and Other Income (in millions)

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated joint venture 

1.1 

0.8 

0.3 

37.5 

Investment and other income 

6.1 

15.7 

(9.6) 
 
 (61.2) 

Total 

7.2 

16.5 

(9.3) 
 
 (56.4) 

The
increase in equity in net income of unconsolidated joint venture was primarily due to higher net income contribution from One Court Square. Our joint venture at One Court Square is
net leased to a single tenant until 2020. As such, we do not anticipate much change in occupancy rates or net income contributions from this asset. At December 31, 2009, we estimated that
current market rents at our Suburban joint venture asset was approximately 2.6 higher than then existing in-place fully escalated rents. 

The
decrease in investment and other income is primarily due to the average investment balance decreasing between 2008 and 2009 due to the sale of certain loans. In addition, certain
loans were placed on non-accrual 

 27 

Table of Contents 

status
during, 2008. There was also a reduction in lease buyout income (approximately 2.7 million) when comparing the year ended December 31, 2009 to the year ended December 31,
2008. 

Property Operating Expenses (in millions)

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Operating expenses 

76.1 

80.1 

(4.0) 
 
 (5.0) 

Real estate taxes 

55.3 

50.3 

5.0 

9.9 

Ground rent 

8.6 

8.6 

Total 

140.0 

139.0 

1.0 

0.7 

Operating
expenses decreased compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in utilities 4.5 million) and repairs and
maintenance 0.4 million). This was offset by increases in payroll 0.5 million) and insurance 0.3 million). The increase in real estate taxes was primarily due to higher
assessed values and higher tax rates. 

Other Expenses (in millions)

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

56.3 

72.6 

(16.3) 
 
 (22.5) 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

99.8 

90.5 

9.3 

10.3 

Loan loss reserves 

24.9 

10.6 

14.3 

134.9 

Marketing, general and administrative expense 

0.6 

0.8 

(0.2) 
 
 (25.0) 

Total 

181.6 

174.5 

7.1 

4.1 

The
decrease in interest expense was due to the redemption of 200.0 million of senior unsecured notes at maturity in March 2009 and which bore an average interest rate of 7.75 .
We also repurchased early approximately 197.9 million of certain of our senior unsecured notes since October 2008, thereby reducing our interest expense during 2009. 

 The
increase in loan loss reserves was primarily due to the realized loss on sale of a structured finance investment (approximately 24.9 million) in June 2009. 

 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2008 to the year ended December 31, 2007 

 Comparisons discussed below are made using the combined operations of the Predecessor and Successor for 2007 as compared to the
Successor's operations for the same period in 2008. The results of operations may not be comparable for the periods presented due to the change in the basis of accounting between the Successor and
Predecessor periods resulting from the application of "push-down accounting." The results of operations for the Predecessor period in 2007 include 120 West 45 th Street
and Landmark Square 1-6. In connection with the Merger, these properties were assigned to the operating partnership and are therefore not included in the Successor period results of
operations. Assets sold or classified as held for sale are excluded from the following discussion. 

Rental Revenues (in millions)

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Rental revenue 

280.1 

256.6 

23.5 

9.2 

Escalation and reimbursement revenue 

53.8 

50.7 

3.1 

6.1 

Total 

333.9 

307.3 

26.6 

8.7 

At
December 31, 2008, we estimated that the current market rents on our consolidated Manhattan properties and consolidated Suburban properties were approximately 23.8 and 9.8 
higher, respectively, than then existing 

 28 

Table of Contents 

in-place
fully escalated rents. Approximately 4.6 of the space leased at our consolidated properties was scheduled to expire during 2009. 

Investment and Other Income (in millions)

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated joint venture 

0.8 

1.3 

(0.5) 
 
 (38.5) 

Investment and other income 

15.7 

25.5 

(9.8) 
 
 (38.4) 

Total 

16.5 

26.8 

(10.3) 
 
 (38.4) 

The
decrease in equity in net income of unconsolidated joint venture was primarily due to lower net income contribution from One Court Square resulting from additional depreciation
expense due to the purchase accounting adjustment to the investment in connection with the Merger. Our joint venture at One Court Square is net leased to a single tenant until 2020. As such, we do not
anticipate much change in occupancy rates or net income contributions from this asset. At December 31, 2008, we estimated that current market rents at our Suburban joint venture asset was
approximately 8.4 higher than then existing in-place fully escalated rents. 

The
decrease in investment and other income is primarily due to the average investment balance decreasing between 2007 and 2008 due to the redemption of certain loans during 2007.
Certain loans were also placed on non-accrual status in 2008. In 2007, we received a 2.5 million exit fee in connection with the redemption of a loan. 

Property Operating Expenses (in millions)

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Operating expenses 

80.1 

77.4 

2.7 

3.5 

Real estate taxes 

50.3 

51.1 

(0.8) 
 
 (1.6) 

Ground rent 

8.6 

8.8 

(0.2) 
 
 (2.3) 

Total 

139.0 

137.3 

1.7 

1.2 

The
increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by increases in payroll, cleaning, utilities and insurance. This was partially offset by decrease in repairs and maintenance. The
operating expenses and real estate taxes for 120 West 45 th Street and Landmark Square 1-6 are included in the 2007 Predecessor period. The decrease in ground rent
expense related primarily to the ground rent at 1185 Avenue of the Americas. 

Other Expenses (in millions)

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

72.6 

76.2 

(3.6) 
 
 (4.7) 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

90.5 

77.9 

12.6 

16.2 

Loan loss reserves 

10.6 

10.6 

1,060.0 

Marketing, general and administrative expense 

0.8 

14.9 

(14.1) 
 
 (94.6) 

Total 

174.5 

169.0 

5.5 

3.3 

The
decrease in interest expense is due to mortgage debt on certain properties being repaid in 2007 and those properties remaining unencumbered. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we
also repurchased approximately 102.4 million of our 4 exchangeable unsecured bonds due June 2025. In addition, in April 2007, we redeemed 200.0 million of unsecured notes which bore
an average interest rate of 6.9 . We incurred a 1.0 million make-whole payment in 2007 in connection with the early redemption of these bonds. In 2008, we recorded approximately
 10.6 million in loan loss reserves against certain of our structured finance investments. 

 The
decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses is primarily due to the Predecessor 2007 period including approximately 8.8 million related to merger costs and
 1.8 million related to the long-term incentive compensation program. We did not incur similar costs in 2008. 

 29 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 We are currently experiencing a global economic downturn and credit crunch. As a result, many financial industry participants,
including commercial real estate owners, operators, investors and lenders continue to find it extremely difficult to obtain cost-effective debt capital to finance new investment activity
or to refinance maturing debt. In the few instances in which debt is available, it is at a cost much higher than in the recent past. 

On
January 25, 2007, we were acquired by SL Green. See Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis Liquidity and Capital Resources" in SL Green's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for a complete discussion of additional sources of liquidity available to us due to our indirect ownership by SL Green. 

 We
currently expect that our principal sources of funds to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements (working capital, property operations, debt
service, redevelopment of properties, tenant improvements and leasing costs) will include cash on hand, cash flow from operations, net proceeds from divestitures of properties and redemptions of
structured finance investments, and proceeds from debt offerings. 

 Cash
flow from operations is primarily dependent upon the occupancy level of our portfolio, the net effective rental rates achieved on our leases, the collections of rent and operating
escalations and recoveries from our tenants and the level of operating and other costs. 

 We
believe that our sources of working capital, specifically our cash flow from operations, are adequate for us to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity
requirements for the foreseeable future. 

 Cash Flows 

 The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on our consolidated statements of cash flows in "Item 8. Financial
Statements" and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below. 

Cash
and cash equivalents were 22.0 million and 23.1 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, representing a decrease of 1.1 million. The
decrease was a result of the following changes in cash flows (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Increase 
(Decrease) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

114,634 

82,696 

31,938 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

14,210 

48,766 

(34,556) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(129,928) 
 
 (124,811) 
 
 (5,117) 

Our
principal source of operating cash flow is related to the leasing and operating of the properties in our portfolio. Our properties provide a relatively consistent
stream of cash flow that provides us with resources to pay operating expenses, debt service and fund quarterly dividend and distribution payment requirements. At December 31, 2009, our
portfolio was 93.7 occupied. Our structured finance and joint venture investments also provide a steady stream of operating cash flow to us. 

Cash
is used in investing activities to fund acquisitions, redevelopment projects and recurring and nonrecurring capital expenditures. We selectively invest in existing buildings that
meet our investment criteria. During the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to the same period in the prior year we used cash primarily from the following investing activities (in
thousands): 

Capital expenditures and capitalized interest 

(12,448) 

Distributions from joint ventures 

(108) 

Proceeds from sales of real estate 

(47,725) 

Structured finance and other investments 

23,347 

30 

Table of Contents 

 We generally fund our investment activity through property-level financing and asset sales. During the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to the same
period in the prior year the following financing activities used the funds to complete the investing activity noted above (in thousands): 

Repayments under our debt obligations 

206,488 

Contributions from common unitholders 

(184,038) 

Distributions and other financing activities 

(17,332) 

Capitalization 

 Prior to the Merger, a Class A common unit and a share of common stock of RARC had similar economic characteristics as they
effectively share equally in the net income or loss and distributions of ROP. As of January 25, 2007, all of our issued and outstanding Class A common units were owned by RARC. In
connection with the Merger, RARC assigned all of its interest in the Class A common units to WAGP and the operating partnership. On November 15, 2007, RARC withdrew, and WAGP succeeded
it, as the sole general partner of ROP. All of our issued and outstanding Class A common units are owned by WAGP or the operating partnership. 

 As
of December 31, 2006, we had issued and outstanding 1,200 preferred units of limited partnership interest with a liquidation preference value of 1,000 per unit and a stated
distribution rate of 7.0 , or Preferred Units, which was subject to reduction based upon terms of their initial issuance. The terms of the Preferred Units provided for this reduction in distribution
rate in order to address the effect of certain mortgages with above market interest rates which were assumed by us in connection with properties contributed to us in 1998. As a result of the
aforementioned reduction, no distributions were being made on the Preferred Units. In connection with the Merger, the holder of the Preferred Units transferred the Preferred Units to the operating
partnership in exchange for the issuance of 1,200 preferred units of limited partnership interest in the operating partnership with substantially similar terms as the Preferred Units. 

 Net
income per common partnership unit for the year ended December 31, 2006 was determined by allocating net income after preferred distributions and minority partners' interest
in consolidated partnerships income to the general and limited partners based on their weighted average distribution per common partnership units outstanding during the respective periods presented. 

Holders
of preferred units of limited and general partnership interest were entitled to distributions based on the stated rates of return (subject to adjustment) for those units. 

 Contractual Obligations 

 Combined aggregate principal maturities of mortgages payable and senior unsecured notes (net of discount), our share of joint venture
debt, excluding extension options, estimated interest expense, and our obligations under our air rights and ground leases, as of December 31, 2009 are as follows (in thousands): 

2010 
 
 2011 
 
 2012 
 
 2013 
 
 2014 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 

Property mortgages 

4,225 

219,879 

224,104 

Senior unsecured notes 

114,821 

123,607 

150,000 

274,727 

663,155 

Ground leases 

9,698 

7,724 

7,594 

7,594 

7,594 

247,237 

287,441 

Estimated interest expense 

49,346 

36,084 

25,349 

25,349 

20,942 

24,804 

181,874 

Joint venture debt 

94,500 

94,500 

Total 

178,090 

387,294 

32,943 

32,943 

178,536 

641,268 

1,451,074 

31 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Indebtedness 

 Senior Unsecured Notes 

 The following table sets forth our senior unsecured notes and other related disclosures by scheduled maturity date (in thousands): 

Issuance

Accreted 
Balance 
 
 Coupon 
Rate (1) 
 
 Term 
(in Years) 
 
 Maturity 

January 22, 2004 (2) 

123,607 

5.15 

7 

January 15, 2011 

August 13, 2004 

150,000 

5.875 

10 

August 15, 2014 

March 31, 2006 

274,727 

6.00 

10 

March 31, 2016 

June 27, 2005 (3) 

114,821 

4.00 

20 

June 15, 2025 

663,155 

(1) Interest
on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually with principal and unpaid interest due on the scheduled maturity dates.
 (2) During
the year ended December 31, 2009, we repurchased approximately 26.4 million of these notes and realized net gains on early
extinguishment of debt of approximately 2.5 million.
 (3) Exchangeable
senior debentures which are callable after June 17, 2010 at 100 of par. In addition, the debentures can be put to us, at the option of
the holder at par plus accrued and unpaid interest, on June 15, 2010, 2015 and 2020 and upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions. As a result of the Merger, the adjusted
exchange rate for the debentures is 7.7461 shares of SL Green common stock per 1,000 of principal amount of debentures and the adjusted reference dividend for the debentures is 1.3491. During
the year ended December 31, 2009, we repurchased approximately 69.1 million of these notes and realized net gains on early extinguishment of debt of approximately 1.0 million. 

On March 16, 2009, the 200.0 million, 7.75 unsecured notes, assumed as part of the Merger, matured and were redeemed at par. 

 Restrictive Covenants 

 The terms of our senior unsecured notes include certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other things, the incurrence of
additional indebtedness and liens, and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the minimum amount of debt service coverage, the maximum amount of consolidated unsecured and secured
indebtedness and the minimum amount of unencumbered assets. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 

 Market Rate Risk 

 We are not exposed to changes in interest rates as we have no floating rate borrowing arrangements. 

All
of our long-term debt, totaling approximately 0.9 billion, bears interest at fixed rates, and therefore the fair value of these instruments is affected by changes
in the market interest rates. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We have off-balance sheet investments, including a joint venture investment and a structured finance investment. These
investments have varying ownership structures. Our joint venture arrangement is accounted for under the equity method of accounting as we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not
control over the operating and financial decisions of this joint venture arrangement. Our off-balance sheet arrangements are discussed in Note 4, "Structured Finance Investments"
and Note 5, "Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture" in the accompanying financial statements. 

 32 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Expenditures 

 We estimate that for the year ending December 31, 2010, we will incur approximately 34.9 million of capital expenditures
(including tenant improvements and leasing costs), net of loan reserves on consolidated properties and none at our joint venture property. We expect to fund these capital expenditures with operating
cash flow, borrowings under SL Green's credit facility and cash on hand. We believe that we will have sufficient resources to satisfy our capital needs during the next 12-month
period. 

 Thereafter,
we expect that our capital needs will be met through a combination of net cash provided by operations, borrowings, potential asset sales or additional equity or debt
issuances by SL Green. 

 Related Party Transactions 

Cleaning/ Security/ Messenger and Restoration Services 

Through Alliance Building Services, or Alliance, First Quality Maintenance, L.P., or First Quality, provides cleaning,
extermination and related services, Classic Security LLC provides security services, Bright Star Couriers LLC provides messenger services, and Onyx Restoration Works provides restoration
services with respect to certain properties owned by us. Alliance is owned by Gary Green, a son of Stephen L. Green, the chairman of our board of directors. In addition, First Quality has the
non-exclusive opportunity to provide cleaning and related services to individual tenants at our properties on a basis separately negotiated with any tenant seeking such additional
services. An affiliate of ours has entered into an arrangement with Alliance whereby it will receive a profit participation above a certain threshold for services provided by Alliance to tenants above
the base services specified in their lease agreements. The affiliate received approximately 1.4 million, 1.2 million and 0.4 million for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. First Quality leases 26,800 square feet of space at 70 West 36th Street pursuant to a lease that expires on December 31, 2015. SL Green received
approximately 75,000 in rent from Alliance in 2007. SL Green sold this property in March 2007. We paid Alliance approximately 2.1 million, 2.4 million and 0.6 million
for three years ended December 31, 2009, respectively, for these services (excluding services provided directly to tenants). 

Allocated Expenses from SL Green 

Subsequent to the Merger, property operating expenses include an allocation of salary and other operating costs from SL Green.
Such amount was approximately 3.9 million, 4.1 million and 3.5 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007 (Successor), respectively. 

Insurance 

SL Green maintains "all-risk" property and rental value coverage (including coverage regarding the perils of flood,
earthquake and terrorism) within two property insurance
portfolios and liability insurance. This includes the ROP assets. The first property portfolio maintains a blanket limit of 600.0 million per occurrence for the majority of the New York City
properties in our portfolio with a sub-limit of 450.0 million for acts of terrorism. This policy expires on December 31, 2010. The second portfolio maintains a limit of
 600.0 million per occurrence, including terrorism, for a few New York City properties and the majority of the Suburban properties. The second property policy expires on December 31,
2010. Additional coverage may be purchased on a stand alone basis for certain assets. The liability policies cover all our properties and provide limits of 200.0 million per property. The
liability policies expire on October 31, 2010. 

 In
October 2006, SL Green formed a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary, Belmont Insurance Company, or Belmont, to act as a captive insurance company and be one of the elements of
our overall insurance program Belmont was formed in an effort to, among other reasons, stabilize to some extent the fluctuations of insurance market conditions. Belmont is licensed in New York to
write Terrorism, NBCR (nuclear, biological, chemical, and radiological), General Liability, Environmental Liability and D O coverage. 

 33 

Table of Contents 

Terrorism: Belmont acts as a direct property insurer with respect to a portion of our terrorism coverage for the New York
City properties. Effective September 1, 2009 Belmont increased its terrorism coverage from 250 million to 400 million in an upper layer. In addition, Belmont purchased
reinsurance to reinsure the retained insurable risk not otherwise covered under Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization and Extension Act of 2007 (TRIPRA), as detailed below. 
 NBCR: Belmont acts as a direct insurer of NBCR coverage up to 250 million on the entire property portfolio. 
 General Liability: Belmont insures a deductible on the general liability insurance with a 150,000 deductible per
occurrence and a 2.2 million annual aggregate stop loss limit. SL Green has secured an excess insurer to protect against catastrophic liability losses above the 150,000 deductible per
occurrence and a stop loss if aggregate claims exceed 2.2 million. Belmont has retained a third party administrator to manage all claims within the deductible and we anticipate that direct
management of liability claims will improve loss experience and ultimately lower the cost of liability insurance in future years. In addition, SL Green has an umbrella liability policy of
 200.0 million. 
 Environmental Liability: Belmont insures a deductible of 1 million per occurrence on a 30 million
environmental liability policy covering the entire portfolio. 

TRIA,
which was enacted in November 2002, was renewed on December 31, 2007. Congress extended TRIA, now called TRIPRA (Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization and
Extension Act of 2007) until December 31, 2014. The law extends the federal Terrorism Insurance Program that requires insurance companies to offer terrorism coverage and provides for
compensation for insured losses resulting from acts of foreign and domestic terrorism. Our debt instruments, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties (which are generally
non-recourse to us), mezzanine loans, ground leases and SL Green's 2007 unsecured revolving credit facility, contain customary covenants requiring us to maintain insurance. There
can be no assurance that the lenders or ground lessors under these instruments will not take the position that a total or partial exclusion from "all-risk" insurance coverage for losses
due to terrorist acts is a breach of these debt and ground lease instruments that allows the lenders or ground lessors to declare an event of default and accelerate repayment of debt or recapture of
ground lease positions. In addition, if lenders insist on full coverage for these risks and prevail in asserting that we are required to maintain such coverage, it could result in substantially higher
insurance premiums. 

 Subsequent
to the Merger, we obtained insurance coverage through an insurance program administered by SL Green. In connection with this program we incurred insurance expense of
approximately 2.9 million, 2.6 million and 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the period January 26, 2007 to December 30, 2007,
respectively. 

 Inflation 

 Substantially all of the office leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations as well as operating
expense recoveries based on increases in the Consumer Price Index or other measures such as porters' wage. In addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. We believe that
inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above. 

Accounting Standards Updates 

 The Standards Updates Accounting Standards Updates are discussed in Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies-Accounting
Standards Updates" in the accompanying financial statements. 

 34 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Information 

 This report includes certain statements that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements relate to,
without limitation, our future capital expenditures, dividends and acquisitions (including the amount and nature thereof) and other development trends of the real estate industry and the Manhattan,
Westchester, Connecticut and Long Island City office market, business strategies, and the expansion and growth of our operations. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by
us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate. We intend such forward-looking
statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such statements are subject
to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of the words "may," "will," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate,"
"believe," "intend," "project," "continue," or the negative of these words, or other similar words or terms. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Among the factors about which we have made assumptions are: 

general economic or business (particularly real estate) conditions, either nationally or in the New York metro area being
less favorable than expected; 
 reduced demand for office space; 
 risks of real estate acquisitions; 
 risks of structured finance investments and borrowers; 
 availability and creditworthiness of prospective tenants and borrowers; 
 tenant bankruptcies; 
 adverse changes in the real estate markets, including increasing vacancy, including availability of sublease space,
decreasing rental revenue and increasing insurance costs; 
 availability, terms and deployment of capital (debt and equity); 
 unanticipated increases in financing and other costs, including a rise in interest rates; 
 market interest rates could adversely affect the market price of our common stock, as well as our performance and cash
flows; 
 declining real estate valuations and impairment charges; 
 our ability to comply with financial covenants in our debt instruments; 
 our ability to satisfy complex rules in order for SL Green to qualify as a REIT, for federal income tax purposes,
our ability to satisfy the rules in order for us to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to qualify as REITs and certain of our
subsidiaries to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries for federal income tax purposes and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these
rules; 
 accounting principles and policies and guidelines applicable to REITs; 
 competition with other companies; 
 availability of and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

the continuing threat of terrorist attacks on the national, regional and local economies including, in particular, the New
York City area and our tenants; 
 legislative or regulatory changes adversely affecting real estate investment trusts and the real estate business;
and 
 environmental, regulatory and/or safety requirements. 

We
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events, new information or otherwise. 

 The
risks included here are not exhaustive. Other sections of this report may include additional factors that could adversely affect ROP's business and financial performance. In
addition, sections of the SL Green's Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional factors that could adversely effect our business and financial performance. Moreover, ROP
operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the
impact of all such risk factors on ROP's business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 

 36 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Rate Risk"
for additional information regarding our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. 

The
table below presents principal cash flows based upon maturity dates of our debt obligations and structured finance investments and the related weighted-average interest rates by
expected maturity dates as of December 31, 2009 (in thousands): 

Long-Term Debt 
 
 Structured Finance 
Investments 

Date

Fixed 
Rate 
 
 Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
 Amount 
 
 Weighted 
Yield 

2010 

119,046 

5.95 

3,538 

3.0 

2011 

343,486 

6.14 

2012 

2013 

23,455 

13.5 

2014 

150,000 

5.98 

Thereafter 

274,727 

6.02 

Total 

887,259 

6.02 

26,993 
 (1) 
 
 12.1 

Fair Value 

846,900 

(1) Our
structured finance investments had an estimated fair value ranging between 16.2 million and 24.3 million at December 31, 2009. 

The table below presents the gross principal cash flows based upon maturity dates of our share of our joint venture debt obligation and the
related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates as of December 31, 2009 (in thousands): 

Long Term Debt 

Date

Fixed 
Rate 
 
 Average 
Interest 
Rate 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

Thereafter 

94,500 

4.91 

Total 

94,500 

4.91 

Fair Value 

81,090 

37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Index to Financial Statements and Schedules 

RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P . 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

39 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor) 
 
 40 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the period January 26,
2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor), and the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 
 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Partners' Capital for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the period
January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor), and the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 
 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the period January 26,
2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor), and the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 
 
 43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 44 

Schedules 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2009 

65 

All
other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

 38 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the Partners of Reckson Operating Partnership L.P.: 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Reckson Operating Partnership L.P. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), and the
related consolidated statements of operations, partners' capital and cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2009, the period from January 26, 2007 through December 31,
2007 (Successor), and the period from January 1, 2007 through January 25, 2007 (Predecessor). Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed at Item 15(a)(2).
These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2009 and
2008 (Successor), and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2009, the period from January 26, 2007 through
December 31, 2007 (Successor), and the period from January 1, 2007 through January 25, 2007 (Predecessor), in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also,
in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set
forth therein. 

 As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company retrospectively changed its method of accounting for its convertible debt instruments with the
adoption of the guidance originally issued in FSP APB 14-1 "Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments that maybe settled in cash upon conversion (including Partial Cash
Settlement)" (codified primarily in FASB ASC Topic 470-20, "Debt with Conversion and Other Options") effective January 1, 2009. The Company retrospectively changed its presentation
of non-controlling interests with the adoption of the guidance originally issued in SFAS No. 160, "Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements" (codified in FASB
ASC Topic 810-10, "Consolidation" effective January 1, 2009. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

New
York, New York 
February 16, 2010 

 39 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets (Amounts in thousands) 

December 31, 
2009 
 
 December 31, 
2008 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 

Assets 

Commercial real estate properties, at cost: 

Land and land interests 

643,667 

643,156 

Building and improvements 

3,294,632 

3,264,826 

3,938,299 

3,907,982 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

(259,773) 
 
 (162,324) 

3,678,526 

3,745,658 

Cash and cash equivalents 

22,030 

23,114 

Restricted cash 

9,180 

7,265 

Tenant and other receivables, net of allowance of 3,016 and 659 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 

10,138 

12,796 

Deferred rents receivable, net of allowance of 5,362 and 4,548 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 

42,132 

31,148 

Structured finance investments, net of allowance of 10,550 at both December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 

26,993 

90,794 

Investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

51,313 

56,291 

Deferred costs, net 

18,047 

15,267 

Other assets 

111,531 

139,714 

Total assets 

3,969,890 

4,122,047 

Liabilities 

Mortgage note payable 

224,104 

228,046 

Senior unsecured notes 

663,155 

954,315 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

8,733 

17,321 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

34,785 

30,882 

Deferred revenue 

275,451 

326,227 

Security deposits 

8,475 

5,667 

Total liabilities 

1,214,703 

1,562,458 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Capital 

General partner capital ROP 

2,258,389 

2,057,112 

Limited partner capital 

Noncontrolling interests in other partnerships 

496,798 

502,477 

Total capital 

2,755,187 

2,559,589 

Total liabilities and capital 

3,969,890 

4,122,047 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 40 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations (Amounts in thousands) 

Year ended 
December 31, 
 
 Year ended 
December 31, 
 
 Period January 26 
to December 31, 
 
 Period January 1 
to January 25, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2007 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Revenues 

Rental revenue, net 

287,413 

280,089 

235,118 

21,458 

Escalation and reimbursement 

54,753 

53,792 

46,926 

3,759 

Investment income 

2,715 

9,989 

16,554 

1,201 

Other income 

3,425 

5,677 

7,759 

Total revenues 

348,306 

349,547 

306,357 

26,418 

Expenses 

Operating expenses, including 8,874 (2009), 9,090 (2008) and 6,028 (2007) paid to affiliates 

76,115 

80,099 

70,679 

6,770 

Real estate taxes 

55,317 

50,331 

46,391 

4,659 

Ground rent 

8,643 

8,643 

8,081 

699 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

56,299 

72,649 

69,068 

6,956 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

152 

Depreciation and amortization 

99,792 

90,497 

72,692 

5,205 

Loan loss reserves 

24,907 

10,550 

Long-term incentive compensation expense 

1,800 

Merger related costs 

8,814 

Marketing, general and administrative 

563 

789 

698 

3,547 

Total expenses 

321,636 

313,558 

267,609 

38,602 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before equity in net income from unconsolidated joint venture, gain on early extinguishment of debt, gain on sale,
noncontrolling interest and discontinued operations 

26,670 

35,989 

38,748 

(12,184) 

Equity in net income from unconsolidated joint venture 

1,109 

838 

1,249 

8 

Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

3,519 

16,569 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

31,298 

53,396 

39,997 

(12,176) 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

(42) 
 
 1,952 

2,457 

3,018 

Loss on sale of real estate from discontinued operations 

(534) 

Net income (loss) 

31,256 

54,814 

42,454 

(9,158) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in other partnerships 

(13,380) 
 
 (16,687) 
 
 (9,864) 
 
 (2,173) 

Net income (loss) attributable to ROP common unitholders 

17,876 

38,127 

32,590 

(11,331) 

Amounts attributable to ROP common unitholders: 

Income from continuing operations 

17,918 

37,483 

31,272 

(13,846) 

Discontinued operations 

(42) 
 
 644 

1,318 

2,515 

Net income 

17,876 

38,127 

32,590 

(11,331) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 41 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Consolidated Statements of Capital 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

General Partners' Capital 

Limited Partners' Capital 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 
 Noncontrolling 
Interests 
In Other 
Partnerships 

Preferred 
Capital 
 
 Class A 
Common 
Units 
 
 Class A 
Common 
Units 
 
 Total 
Capital 
 
 Comprehensive 
Income 

Balance at December 31, 2006 

1,200 

1,242,248 

16,513 

1,816 

259,737 

1,521,514 

56,513 

Net loss 

(11,040) 
 
 (291) 

2,173 

(9,158) 
 
 (9,158) 

Contributions 

200 

200 

Distributions 

(1,489,422) 

(3,119) 
 
 (1,492,541) 

Fair Value adjustment due to merger 

(1,200) 
 
 2,016,668 

(16,222) 
 
 (1,816) 
 
 266,594 

2,264,024 

(1,816) 

Balance at January 25, 2007 

1,758,454 

525,585 

2,284,039 

(10,974) 

Contributions 

2,491,090 

2,491,090 

Distributions 

(2,266,862) 

(8,918) 
 
 (2,275,780) 

Net income 

32,590 

9,864 

42,454 

42,454 

Balance at December 31, 2007 

2,015,272 

526,531 

2,541,803 

31,480 

Contributions 

436,561 

436,561 

Distributions 

(432,848) 

(40,741) 
 
 (473,589) 

Net income 

38,127 

16,687 

54,814 

54,814 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

2,057,112 

502,477 

2,559,589 

54,814 

Contributions 

547,522 

547,522 

Distributions 

(364,121) 

(19,059) 
 
 (383,180) 

Net income 

17,876 

13,380 

31,256 

31,256 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

2,258,389 

496,798 

2,755,187 

31,256 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 42 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
 Period 
January 26 to 
December 31, 
 
 Period 
January 1 to 
January 25, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2007 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

31,256 

54,814 

42,454 

(9,158) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

99,792 

91,549 

73,626 

8,835 

Gain (loss) on sale of real estate 

534 

Equity in net income from unconsolidated joint venture 

(1,109) 
 
 (838) 
 
 (1,249) 
 
 (8) 

Distributions of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint venture 

1,109 

838 

1,249 

8 

Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

(3,519) 
 
 (16,569) 

Loan loss reserves 

24,907 

10,550 

Deferred rents receivable 

(10,984) 
 
 (13,687) 
 
 (17,682) 
 
 (695) 

Other non-cash adjustments 

(18,543) 
 
 (14,124) 
 
 4,427 

228 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Restricted cash operations 

(1,901) 
 
 1,105 

3,989 

7,544 

Tenant and other receivables 

301 

(5,105) 
 
 4,732 

746 

Deferred lease costs 

(4,661) 
 
 (12,012) 
 
 (4,308) 

Other assets 

1,554 

(2,615) 
 
 28,750 

(27,408) 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

(3,568) 
 
 (11,744) 
 
 (87,819) 
 
 (15,060) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

114,634 

82,696 

48,169 

(34,968) 

Investing Activities 

Additions to land, buildings and improvements 

(31,576) 
 
 (21,599) 
 
 (17,250) 
 
 (19,631) 

Restricted cash capital improvements 

(14) 
 
 79 

Distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

4,978 

5,086 

4,144 

5,141 

Proceeds from disposition of real estate/ partial interest in property 

47,725 

Proceeds from the Asset Sale 

1,978,764 

Structured finance and other investments net of repayments/participations 

40,822 

17,475 

41,725 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

14,210 

48,766 

28,619 

1,964,274 

Financing Activities 

Repayments of mortgage notes payable 

(3,942) 
 
 (3,634) 
 
 (16,066) 
 
 (170,867) 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility, term loans and unsecured notes 

12,000 

Repayments of revolving credit facility, term loans and unsecured notes 

(290,328) 
 
 (84,148) 
 
 (200,000) 
 
 (281,000) 

Contributions from common unitholders 

547,522 

363,484 

325,487 

Noncontrolling interest in other partnerships distributions 

(19,059) 
 
 (40,741) 
 
 (8,918) 
 
 (3,119) 

Distributions to common unitholders 

(364,121) 
 
 (359,772) 
 
 (172,079) 
 
 (1,526,261) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(129,928) 
 
 (124,811) 
 
 (71,576) 
 
 (1,969,247) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(1,084) 
 
 6,651 

5,212 

(39,941) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

23,114 

16,463 

11,251 

51,192 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

22,030 

23,114 

16,463 

11,251 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure 

Interest paid 

50,486 

68,828 

87,016 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 43 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2009 

 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P., or ROP, commenced operations on June 2, 1995. Reckson Associates Realty Corp., or RARC, served as the sole general partner until
November 15, 2007, at which time RARC withdrew, and
Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, or WAGP, succeeded it, as the sole general partner of ROP. WAGP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., or the operating
partnership. The sole limited partner of ROP is the operating partnership. 

 ROP
is engaged in the ownership, management, operation and development of commercial real estate properties, principally office properties and also owns land for future development
located in New York City, Westchester and Connecticut, which collectively is also known as the New York Metro Area. At December 31, 2009, our inventory of development parcels aggregated
approximately 81 acres of land in four separate parcels on which we can, based on estimates at December 31, 2009, develop approximately 1.1 million square feet of office space and in
which we had invested approximately 65.1 million. In addition, as of December 31, 2009 ROP also held approximately 27.0 million of structured finance investments. 

 SL
Green Realty Corp., or SL Green, and the operating partnership were formed in June 1997. SL Green has qualified, and expects to qualify in the current fiscal year as a real estate
investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and operates as a self-administered, self-managed REIT. A REIT is a legal entity
that holds real estate interests and, through payments of dividends to stockholders, is permitted to reduce or avoid the payment of Federal income taxes at the corporate level. Unless the context
requires otherwise, all references to "we," "our" and "us" means ROP and all entities owned or controlled by ROP. 

On
January 25, 2007, SL Green completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of RARC pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of August 3, 2006, as amended, the Merger Agreement, among SL Green, Wyoming Acquisition Corp., or Wyoming, Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, Wyoming Acquisition Partnership LP, RARC
and ROP. We paid approximately 6.0 billion, inclusive of transaction costs, for Reckson. This transaction is referred to herein as the Merger. 

 On
January 25, 2007, SL Green completed the sale, or Asset Sale, of certain assets of ROP to an investment group led by certain of RARC's former executive management for a total
consideration of approximately 2.0 billion. 

 As
a result of the substantial change in ownership from the Merger, SL Green has recorded the Merger in accordance with the provisions of "Push-Down Accounting." The
application of "push-down accounting" resulting in the adjustment of the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of ROP to fair value in the same manner as ROP's assets and
liabilities were recorded by SL Green subsequent to the Merger. The net impact of such adjustments was approximately 3.0 billion, related primarily to increases to the carrying value of real
estate assets and lease related intangibles. 

As
of December 31, 2009, we owned the following interests in commercial office properties in the New York Metro area, primarily in midtown Manhattan, a borough of New York City,
or Manhattan. Our investments in the 

 44 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation (Continued) 

New
York Metro area also include investments in Queens, Westchester County and Connecticut, which are collectively known as the Suburban assets: 

Location

Ownership 
 
 Number of 
Properties 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 Weighted Average 
Occupancy (1) 

Manhattan 
 
 Consolidated properties 

4 

3,770,000 

96.0 

Suburban 
 
 Consolidated properties 

16 

2,642,100 

87.2 

Unconsolidated properties 

1 

1,402,000 

100.0 

21 

7,814,100 

93.7 

(1) The
weighted average occupancy represents the total leased square feet divided by total available rentable square feet. 

We also own one development property encompassing approximately 36,800 square feet. 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies 

In June 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued guidance regarding the Accounting Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. This
guidance establishes the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, or the Codification, as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental
entities in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, and states that all guidance contained in the Codification carries equal level of authority. Rules and interpretive
releases of the Securities and Exchange Commissions, or SEC, under federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants. The Codification does not change GAAP, however it
does change the way in which it is to be researched and referenced. This guidance is effective for financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ended September 15, 2009. We have
implemented the Codification in this annual report. 

 Principles of Consolidation 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the consolidated financial position of ROP and the Service Companies (as
defined below) at December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), the consolidated results of their operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the periods January 26, 2007
to December 31, 2007 (Successor), and January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) and their cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the periods
January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor), and January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor). ROP's investments in majority-owned and controlled real estate
joint ventures are reflected in the accompanying financial statements on a consolidated basis with a reduction for the minority partners' interests. ROP's investments in real estate joint ventures,
where it owns less than a controlling interest, are reflected in the accompanying financial statements on the equity method of accounting. The Service Companies, which provide management, development
and construction services to ROP and to third parties, include Reckson Management Group, Inc., RANY Management Group, Inc., Reckson Construction Development LLC and
Reckson Construction Group New York, Inc. (collectively, the "Service Companies"). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial
statements. 

 The
consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries, which are wholly-owned or controlled by us or entities which are variable interest entities, or
VIEs in which we are the primary 

 45 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

beneficiary.
Entities which we do not control and entities which are VIEs, but where we are not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. The interest that we do not own is
included in "Noncontrolling Interests in Other Partnerships" on the balance sheet. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

 When
accounting for our joint venture investments we apply the accounting standards which note that the general partner in a limited partnership is presumed to control that limited
partnership. The presumption may be overcome if the limited partners have either (1) the substantive ability to dissolve the limited partnership or otherwise remove the general partner without
cause or (2) substantive participating rights, which provide the limited partners with the ability to effectively participate in significant decisions that would be expected to be made in the
ordinary course of the limited partnership's business and thereby preclude the general partner from exercising unilateral control over the partnership. 

The
results of operations for the period from January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) have been recorded based on the historical values of the assets and
liabilities of ROP prior to the Merger. The financial position as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor) and the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
and the period from January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) have been recorded based on the fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities of ROP in connection with the
Merger. As such, the information presented may not be comparable. 

 Effective
January 1, 2009, we revised the presentation of noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial statements. A non-controlling interest in a
consolidated subsidiary is defined as "the portion of the equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent". Noncontrolling interests are required to be
presented as a separate component of equity in the consolidated balance sheet. In addition, the presentation of net income was modified by requiring earnings and other comprehensive income to be
attributed to controlling and noncontrolling interests. Below are the steps we have taken as a result of the implementation of this standard: 

We have reclassified the noncontrolling interests of other consolidated partnerships from the mezzanine section of our
balance sheets to equity. This reclassification totaled approximately 502.5 million as of December 31, 2008. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of other consolidated partnerships is no longer included in the
determination of net income. We reclassified prior year amounts to reflect this requirement. 

Investment in Commercial Real Estate Properties 

 Rental properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Costs directly related to the acquisition and
redevelopments of rental properties are capitalized. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; major replacements and betterments, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are
capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. 

 A
property to be disposed of is reported at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair value, less its cost to sell. Once an asset is held for sale, depreciation expense is
no longer recorded and the historic results are reclassified as discontinued operations. See Note 4. 

 46 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Properties
are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 

Category

Term 

Building (fee ownership) 
 
 40 years 

Building improvements 
 
 shorter of remaining life of the building or useful life 

Building (leasehold interest) 
 
 lesser of 40 years or remaining term of the lease 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 four to seven years 

Tenant improvements 
 
 shorter of remaining term of the lease or useful life 

Depreciation expense amounted to approximately, 97.8 million, 89.5 million, 78.9 million, (including approximately
 5.3 million related to the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007) for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

 On
a periodic basis, we assess whether there are any indicators that the value of our real estate properties may be impaired or that their carrying values may not be recoverable. A
property's value is considered impaired if management's estimate of the aggregate future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges for consolidated properties and discounted for
unconsolidated properties) to be generated by the property are less than the carrying value of the property. To the extent impairment has occurred and is considered to be other than temporary, the
loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the property over the calculated fair value of the property. We do not believe that the value of any of our consolidated real estate
properties or equity investment in rental property was impaired at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

 A
variety of costs are incurred in the acquisition, development and leasing of our properties. After determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component
of a project that is benefited. Determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. The costs of land and building under
development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction
costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. We consider a construction project as substantially completed and held
available for occupancy upon the completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major
construction activity. We cease capitalization on the portions substantially completed and occupied or held available for occupancy, and capitalize only those costs associated with the portions under
construction. 

 Results
of operations of properties acquired are included in the Statement of Operations from the date of acquisition. 

 We
allocate the purchase price of real estate to land and building and, if determined to be material, intangibles, such as the value of above-, below- and at-market leases
and origination costs associated with the in-place leases. We depreciate the amount allocated to building and other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which generally
range from three to 40 years and from one to 40 years, respectively. The values of the above- and below-market leases are amortized and recorded as either an increase (in the case of
below-market leases) or a decrease (in the case of above-market leases) to rental income over the remaining term of the associated lease, which range from one to 14 years. The value associated
with in-place leases and tenant relationships are amortized over the expected term of the related lease, which range from one to 14 years. If a tenant vacates its space prior to the
contractual termination of the lease and no rental payments are being made 

 47 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

on
the lease, any unamortized balance of the related intangible will be written off. The tenant improvements and origination costs are amortized as an expense over the remaining life of the lease (or
charged against earnings if the lease is terminated prior to its contractual expiration date). We assess fair value of the leases based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate
discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known trends, and
market/economic conditions that may affect the property. 

 We
recognized an increase of approximately 21.8 million, 18.3 million, 1.5 million, including none related to the period January 1, 2007 to
January 25, 2007, in rental revenue for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, for the amortization of aggregate below-market rents in excess of above-market
leases and a reduction in lease origination costs, resulting from the reallocation of the purchase price of the applicable properties. We recognized a reduction in interest expense for the
amortization of above-market rate mortgages of approximately 2.7 million, 6.9 million, 6.1 million, including none related to the period January 1, 2007 to
January 25, 2007, for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

The
following summarizes our identified intangible assets (acquired above-market leases and in-place leases) and intangible liabilities (acquired below-market leases) as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008. Amounts in thousands: 

December 31, 
2009 
 
 December 31, 
2008 

Identified intangible assets (included in other assets): 

Gross amount 

167,078 

167,078 

Accumulated amortization 

(62,813) 
 
 (35,343) 

Net 

104,265 

131,735 

Identified intangible liabilities (included in deferred revenue): 

Gross amount 

373,950 

373,950 

Accumulated amortization 

(106,627) 
 
 (57,380) 

Net 

267,323 

316,570 

The estimated annual amortization of acquired below-market leases, net of acquired above-market leases (a component of rental revenue), for each
of the five succeeding years is as follows (in thousands): 

2010 

15,465 

2011 

15,644 

2012 

14,309 

2013 

12,348 

2014 

8,913 

48 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

The estimated annual amortization of all other identifiable assets (a component of depreciation and amortization expense) including acquired
in-place leases for each of the five succeeding years is as follows (in thousands): 

2010 

5,601 

2011 

4,890 

2012 

4,450 

2013 

3,907 

2014 

3,398 

Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 We account for our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture under the equity method of accounting as we exercise significant
influence, but do not control the entity and are not considered to be the primary beneficiary. We consolidate those joint ventures which are VIEs and where we are considered to be the primary
beneficiary, even though we do not control the entity. In all the joint ventures, the rights of the minority investor are both protective as well as participating. Unless the joint venture is
determined to be a VIE and we are the primary beneficiary, these rights preclude us from consolidating these investments. These investments are recorded initially at cost, as investments in
unconsolidated joint ventures, and subsequently adjusted for equity in net income (loss) and cash contributions and distributions. Any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on
our balance sheet and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures over the lesser of the joint venture term or
10 years. Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures is allocated based on our ownership interest in each joint venture. When a capital event (as defined in each joint venture
agreement) such as a refinancing occurs, if return thresholds are met, future equity income will be allocated at our increased economic percentage. We recognize incentive income from unconsolidated
real estate joint ventures as income to the extent it is earned and not subject to a clawback feature. Distributions we receive from unconsolidated real estate joint ventures in excess of our basis in
the investment are recorded as offsets to our investment balance if we remain liable for future obligations of the joint venture or may otherwise be committed to provide future additional financial
support. None of the joint venture debt is recourse to us. See Note 6. 

 Finite Life Joint Venture Agreements 

 One of our consolidated joint ventures in 2009 and 2008 is subject to a finite life joint venture agreement. We have estimated the
settlement value of these non-controlling interests at December 31, 2009 and 2008 to be approximately 70.7 million and 70.7 million, respectively. The carrying value
of this noncontrolling interest, which is included in noncontrolling interests in other partnerships on our consolidated balance sheets, was approximately 74.9 million and 76.5 million
at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 We consider all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Restricted Cash 

 Restricted cash primarily consists of security deposits held on behalf of our tenants as well as capital improvement and real estate
tax escrows required under certain loan agreements. 

 49 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Deferred Lease Costs 

 Deferred lease costs consist of fees and direct costs incurred to initiate and renew operating leases and are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the related lease term. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The excess of rents recognized over
amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases are included in deferred rents receivable on the accompanying balance sheets. We establish, on a current basis, an allowance for future
potential tenant credit losses, which may occur against this account. The balance reflected on the balance sheet is net of such allowance. 

 In
addition to base rent, our tenants also generally will pay their pro rata share of increases in real estate taxes and operating expenses for the building over a base year. In some
leases, in lieu of paying additional rent based upon increases in building operating expenses, the tenant will pay additional rent based upon increases in the wage rate paid to porters over the
porters' wage rate in effect during a base year or increases in the consumer price index over the index value in effect during a base year. In addition, many of our leases contain fixed percentage
increases over the base rent to cover escalations. 

 Electricity
is most often supplied by the landlord either on a sub-metered basis, or rent inclusion basis (i.e., a fixed fee is included in the rent for electricity,
which amount may increase based upon increases in electricity rates or increases in electrical usage by the tenant). Base building services other than electricity (such as heat, air conditioning and
freight elevator service during business hours, and base building cleaning) typically are provided at no additional cost, with the tenant paying additional rent only for services which exceed base
building services or for services which are provided outside normal business hours. 

 These
escalations are based on actual expenses incurred in the prior calendar year. If the expenses in the current year are different from those in the prior year, then during the
current year, the escalations will be adjusted to reflect the actual expenses for the current year. 

 We
record a gain on sale of real estate when title is conveyed to the buyer, subject to the buyer's financial commitment being sufficient to provide economic substance to the sale and we
have no substantial economic involvement with the buyer. 

 Interest
income on structured finance investments is recognized over the life of the investment using the effective interest method and recognized on the accrual basis. Fees received in
connection with loan commitments are deferred until the loan is funded and are then recognized over the term of the loan as an adjustment to yield. Anticipated exit fees, whose collection is expected,
are also recognized over the term of the loan as an adjustment to yield. Fees on commitments that expire unused are recognized at expiration. 

Income
recognition is generally suspended for structured finance investments at the earlier of the date at which payments become 90 days past due or when, in the opinion of
management, a full recovery of income and principal becomes doubtful. Income recognition is resumed when the loan becomes contractually current and performance is demonstrated to be resumed. 

 Asset
management fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the asset management agreement. 

 50 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our tenants to make required rent
payments. If the financial condition of a specific tenant were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 

 Reserve for Possible Credit Losses 

 The expense for possible credit losses in connection with structured finance investments is the charge to earnings to increase the
allowance for possible credit losses to the level that we estimate to be adequate considering delinquencies, loss experience and collateral quality. Other factors considered relate to geographic
trends and product diversification, the size of the portfolio and current economic conditions. Based upon these factors, we establish the provision for possible credit losses by category of asset.
When it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts contractually due, the account is considered impaired. 

 Where
impairment is indicated, a valuation allowance is measured based upon the excess of the recorded investment amount over the net fair value of the collateral. Any deficiency between
the carrying amount of an asset and the calculated value of the collateral is charged to expense. We recorded approximately 24.9 million and 10.6 million in loan loss reserves and
charge offs during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, on investments being held to maturity. 

 Rent Expense 

 Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the lease. The excess of the amounts
contractually due pursuant to the underlying lease over the rent expense recognized is included in other assets in the accompanying balance sheets. 

 Income Taxes 

No provision has been made for income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements since such taxes, if any, are the
responsibility of the individual partners. 

 Earnings Per Unit 

 Earnings per unit was not computed in 2009, 2008 or 2007 as there were no outstanding common units at December 31, 2009, 2008 or
2007. 

 Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 51 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Fair Value Measurements 

 The methodologies used for valuing such instruments have been categorized into three broad levels as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted
prices in active markets for identical instruments. 

 Level 2 Valuations
based principally on other observable market parameters, including 

Quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments, 
 Quoted prices in less active or inactive markets for identical or similar instruments, 
 Other observable inputs (such as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit
risks and default rates), and 
 Market corroborated inputs (derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data). 

Level 3 Valuations
based significantly on unobservable inputs. 

Level 3A Valuations based on third party indications (broker quotes or counterparty quotes) which were,
in turn, based significantly on unobservable inputs or were otherwise not supportable as Level 2 valuations. 
 Level 3B Valuations based on internal models with significant unobservable inputs. 

These
levels form a hierarchy. We follow this hierarchy for our financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The classifications are based on the lowest
level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash investments, structured
finance investments and accounts receivable. We place our cash investments in excess of insured amounts with high quality financial institutions. The collateral securing our structured finance
investments is primarily located in the Greater New York Area. See Note 4. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our tenants and require certain tenants to provide security deposits or
letters of credit. Though these security deposits and letters of credit are insufficient to meet the total value of a tenant's lease obligation, they are a measure of good faith and a source of funds
to offset the economic costs associated with lost rent and the costs associated with re-tenanting the space. Although the properties in our real estate portfolio are primarily located in
Manhattan, we also have Suburban properties located in Westchester County, Connecticut and Long Island City. The tenants located in our buildings operate in various industries. Other than two tenants
who contributed approximately 6.6 and 7.1 of our annualized rent, no other tenant in the portfolio contributed more than 4.2 of our annualized rent, including our share of joint venture annualized
rent, at December 31, 2009. Approximately 15 , 16 , 27 and 11 of our annualized rent, including our share of joint venture annualized revenue, was attributable to 810 Seventh Avenue, 919
Third Avenue, 1185 Avenue of the Americas and 1350 Avenue of the Americas, respectively, for the quarter ended December 31, 2009. One borrower accounted for more than 10.0 of the revenue
earned on structured finance investments during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 52 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Accounting Standards Updates 

 In December 2007, the FASB amended the accounting for acquisitions specifically eliminating the step acquisition model, changing the
recognition of contingent consideration from being recognized when it is probable to being recognized at the time of acquisition, disallowing the capitalization of transaction costs and delays when
restructurings related to acquisitions can be recognized. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 and will only impact the accounting for acquisitions we
make after our adoption of this standard. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2009. 

 In
May 2008, the FASB clarified its guidance on accounting for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The issuer of certain convertible debt
instruments that may be settled in cash (or other assets) on conversion is required to separately account for the liability (debt) and equity (conversion option) components of the instrument in a
manner that reflects the issuer's nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. The resulting debt discount will be amortized over the period during which the debt is expected to be outstanding
(i.e., through the first optional
redemption date) as additional non-cash interest expense. This amount (before netting) will increase in subsequent reporting periods through the first optional redemption date as the debt
accretes to its par value over the same period. This amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption was
not permitted. Upon adoption, companies are required to retrospectively apply the requirements of the pronouncement to all periods presented. Adoption of this amendment had the following impact on our
consolidated financial statements (in thousands): 

December 31, 2008 
As Reported 
 
 December 31, 2008 
As Restated 

Senior unsecured notes 

956,540 

954,315 

Total liabilities 

1,564,684 

1,562,458 

Total capital 

2,054,886 

2,057,112 

December 31, 2007 
As Reported 
 
 December 31, 2007 
As Restated 

Senior unsecured notes 

1,056,900 

1,048,193 

Total liabilities 

1,733,773 

1,725,066 

Total capital 

2,006,565 

2,015,272 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2008 
As Reported 
(Successor) 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2008 
As Restated 
(Successor) 
 
 Period 
January 25, 2007 to 
December 31, 2007 
As Reported 
(Successor) 
 
 Period 
January 25, 2007 to 
December 31, 2007 
As Restated 
(Successor) 

Interest expense 

69,368 

74,163 

65,435 

69,862 

Net income attributable to ROP common unitholders 

44,607 

38,127 

37,017 

32,590 

Period 
January 1, 2007 to 
January 25, 2007 
As Reported 
(Predecessor) 
 
 Period 
January 1, 2007 to 
January 25, 2007 
As Restated 
(Predecessor) 

Interest expense 

6,728 

6,956 

Net income attributable to ROP common unitholders 

(11,103) 
 
 (11,331) 

53 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 The
FASB provided guidance to address whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions are participating securities prior to vesting and, therefore, need to be included in
the earnings allocation in computing earnings per share, or EPS, under the two-class method. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2009. It did not have any effect on our
consolidated financial statements. 

 In
April 2009, the FASB provided additional guidance on estimating fair value when the volume and level of transaction activity for an asset or liability have significantly decreased in
relation to normal market activity for the asset or liability. This update also provides additional guidance on circumstances that may indicate that a transaction is not orderly. Additional
disclosures about fair value measurements in annual and interim reporting periods are also required. This guidance was effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after June 15,
2009. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2008, the FASB issued guidance which requires entities to provide greater transparency about (a) how and why and entity uses derivative instruments, (b) how
derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted, and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity's financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows. This guidance was effective on January 1, 2009. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

 In
June 2009, the FASB issued guidance on accounting for transfers of financial assets. This guidance amends various components of the existing guidance governing sale accounting,
including the recognition of assets obtained and liabilities assumed as a result of a transfer, and considerations of effective control by a transferor over transferred assets. In addition, this
guidance removes the exemption for qualifying special purpose entities from the consolidation guidance. This guidance is effective January 1, 2010, with early adoption prohibited. While the
amended guidance governing sale accounting is applied on a prospective basis, the removal of the qualifying special purpose entity exception will require us to evaluate certain entities for
consolidation. While we are evaluating the effect of adoption of this guidance, we currently believe that its adoption will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
June 2009, the FASB amended the guidance for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity, or VIE, and requires the performance of a qualitative rather than a
quantitative analysis to determine the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Under this guidance, an entity would be required to consolidate a VIE if it has (i) the power to direct the activities that
most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the
VIE. This guidance is effective for the first annual reporting period that begins after November 15, 2009, with early adoption prohibited. While we are currently evaluating the effect of
adoption of this guidance, we currently believe that its adoption will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

 3. Property Dispositions 

On January 25, 2007, we sold the interests in various properties as part of the Asset Sale for approximately 2.0 billion, excluding closing costs. Due to the application
of "push-down accounting," no gain on sale was recognized. Simultaneous with the Merger, the properties located at 120 West 45 th Street, NY, and Landmark Square
1-6, Connecticut, were distributed by ROP to the operating partnership. 

 In
October 2008, we along with our joint venture partner sold the properties located at 100/120 White Plains Road, Westchester, for 48.0 million, which approximated our book
basis in these properties. 

 At
December 31, 2009, discontinued operations included the results of operations of real estate assets sold prior to that date. This included the assets sold as part of the Asset
Sale as well as 100/120 White Plains Road. 

 54 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 3. Property Dispositions (Continued) 

The following table summarizes income from discontinued operations and the related realized loss on sale of
discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the period January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor), and the period January 1, 2007 to
January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) (in thousands). 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
 Period 
January 26 to 
December 31 
 
 Period 
January 1 to 
January 25, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2007 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Revenues 

Rental revenue 

4,677 

5,406 

14,707 

Escalation and reimbursement revenues 

(3) 
 
 540 

500 

315 

Investment and other income 

321 

82 

Total revenues 

(3) 
 
 5,538 

5,988 

15,022 

Operating expenses 

39 

1,515 

1,444 

3,882 

Real estate taxes 

1,019 

1,153 

2,743 

Ground rent 

134 

Interest 

465 

Marketing, general and administrative 

1,150 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,052 

934 

3,630 

Total expenses 

39 

3,586 

3,531 

12,004 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

(42) 
 
 1,952 

2,457 

3,018 

Loss on disposition of discontinued operations 

(283) 

Noncontrolling interest in other partnerships 

(1,025) 
 
 (1,139) 
 
 (503) 

Income (loss) and gain from discontinued operations, net of noncontrolling interest 

(42) 
 
 644 

1,318 

2,515 

55 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

4. Structured Finance Investments 

As of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), we held the following structured finance investments, with an aggregate weighted average current yield of approximately 12.1 (in
thousands): 

Loan 
Type

Gross 
Investment 
 
 Senior 
Financing 
 
 2009 
Principal 
Outstanding 
 
 2008 
Principal 
Outstanding 
 
 Initial 
Maturity 
Date 

Mezzanine Loan (1)(2)(7) 

62,164 
 
 December 2020 

Mezzanine Loan (1)(2)(3)(5) 

25,000 

314,319 

26,605 

27,742 
 
 January 2013 

Other Loan (1) 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 
 
 January 2010 

Other Loan (1) 

500 

Junior Participation (1)(4)(5)(6) 

14,189 

9,938 

9,938 
 
 April 2008 

Loan loss reserves (5) 

(10,550) 
 
 (10,550) 

40,189 

314,319 

26,993 

90,794 

(1) This
is a fixed rate loan.
 (2) The
difference between the pay and accrual rates is included as an addition to the principal balance outstanding.
 (3) This
loan had been in default since December 2007. We reached an agreement with the borrower to, amongst other things, extended the maturity date to January
2013.
 (4) This
loan is in default. The lender has begun foreclosure proceedings. Another participant holds a 12.2 million pari-pasu interest in
this loan.
 (5) This
represents specifically allocated loan loss reserves recorded during the year ended December 31, 2008. Our reserves reflect management's
judgment of the probability and severity of losses based on Level 3 data. We cannot be certain that our judgment will prove to be correct and that reserves will be adequate over time to protect
against potential future losses.
 (6) This
loan is on non-accrual status.
 (7) This
loan was sold in June 2009, resulting in a realized loss of approximately 24.9 million. This realized loss is included in loan loss reserves in
our consolidated statement of income. 

At December 31, 2009 and 2008 all loans, other than as noted above, were performing in accordance with the terms of the loan agreements. 

 5. Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

In May 2005, we acquired a 1.4 million square foot, 50-story, Class A office tower located at One Court Square, Long Island City, NY, for approximately
 471.0 million, inclusive of transfer taxes and transactional costs. One Court Square is 100 leased to the seller, Citibank N.A., under a 15-year net lease. The lease contains
partial cancellation options effective during 2011 and 2012 for up to 20 of the leased space and in 2014 and 2015 for up to an additional 20 of the originally leased space, subject to notice and the
payment of early termination penalties. On November 30, 2005, we sold a 70 joint venture interest in One Court Square to certain institutional funds advised by JPMorgan Investment Management,
or the JPM Investors, for approximately 329.7 million, including the assumption of 220.5 million of the property's mortgage debt. The operating agreement of the Court Square JV
requires approvals from members on certain decisions including annual budgets, sale of the property, refinancing of the property's mortgage debt and material renovations to the property. In addition,
after September 20, 2009 the members each have the right to recommend the sale of the property, subject to the terms of the mortgage debt, and to dissolve the Court Square JV. We have evaluated
the 

 56 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

5. Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures (Continued) 

impact
of FIN 46R on our accounting for the Court Square JV and have concluded that the Court Square JV is not a VIE. We account for the Court Square JV under the equity method of accounting.
We have also concluded that the JPM Investors have substantive participating rights in the ordinary course of the Court Square JV's business. 

 6. Mortgage Notes Payable 

The first mortgage notes payable collateralized by the respective properties and assignment of leases at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, were as follows (in thousands): 

Property

Interest 
Rate (1) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 December 31, 
2009 
 
 December 31, 2008 

919 Third Avenue New York, NY (2)(3) 

6.87 

7/2011 

224,104 

228,046 

(1) Effective
interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2009.
 (2) We
own a 51 controlling interest in the joint venture that is the borrower on this loan. This loan is non-recourse to us. We consolidate this
joint venture.
 (3) Held
in a bankruptcy remote special purpose entity. 

At December 31, 2009, the gross book value of the property collateralizing the mortgage note was approximately 1.3 billion. 

Interest
expense, excluding capitalized interest, was comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
 Period 
January 26 
to 
December 31 
 
 Period 
January 1 
to 
January 25, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2007 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Interest expense 

56,444 

74,163 

69,862 

6,956 

Interest income 

(145) 
 
 (1,514) 
 
 (794) 

Interest expense, net 

56,299 

72,649 

69,068 

6,956 

Interest capitalized 

54 

(480) 
 
 5,118 

At December 31, 2009, our unconsolidated joint venture had total indebtedness of approximately 315.0 million with a fixed interest
rate of approximately 4.91 . The mortgage matures in June 2015. Our aggregate pro-rata share of the unconsolidated joint venture debt was approximately 94.5 million. 

 57 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 7. Corporate Indebtedness 

 Senior Unsecured Notes 

 The following table sets forth our senior unsecured notes and other related disclosures by scheduled maturity date as of
December 31, 2009 (in thousands): 

Issuance

Accreted 
Balance 
 
 Coupon Rate (1) 
 
 Term 
(in Years) 
 
 Maturity 

January 22, 2004 (2) 

123,607 

5.15 

7 
 
 January 15, 2011 

August 13, 2004 

150,000 

5.875 

10 
 
 August 15, 2014 

March 31, 2006 

274,727 

6.00 

10 
 
 March 31, 2016 

June 27, 2005 (3) 

114,821 

4.00 

20 
 
 June 15, 2025 

663,155 

(1) Interest
on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually with principal and unpaid interest due on the scheduled maturity dates.
 (2) During
the year ended December 31, 2009, we repurchased approximately 26.4 million of these notes and realized net gains on early
extinguishment of debt of approximately 2.5 million.
 (3) Exchangeable
senior debentures which are callable after June 17, 2010 at 100 of par. In addition, the debentures can be put to us, at the option of
the holder at par plus accrued and unpaid interest, on June 15, 2010, 2015 and 2020 and upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions. As a result of the Merger, the adjusted
exchange rate for the debentures is 7.7461 shares of SL Green common stock per 1,000 of principal amount of debentures and the adjusted reference dividend for the debentures is 1.3491. During the
year ended December 31, 2009, we repurchased approximately 69.1 million of these notes and realized net gains on early extinguishment of debt of approximately 1.0 million. On
the Merger date, 13.1 million was recorded in equity. As of December 31, 2009, approximately 1.2 million remained unamortized. 

ROP and certain of its subsidiaries provide a senior guaranty of operating partnership's obligations under its 2007 unsecured revolving credit
facility. ROP and its subsidiaries' respective obligations to guarantee amounts payable under the senior guaranty of operating partnership's obligations under its 2007 unsecured revolving credit
facility are limited by the Allocable Guaranty Limitation, as defined in the guaranty agreement under the senior guaranty of operating partnership's obligations under its 2007 unsecured revolving
credit facility. ROP's guaranty ranks pari passu in right of payment with its other senior, unsecured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2009, the maximum amount of ROP's guaranty obligation was
 706.7 million. 

 The
Allocable Guaranty Limitation is the product of the Overall Guaranty Limitation times the amount of Pari Passu Indebtedness owing in respect of the senior guaranty of operating
partnership's obligations under its 2007 unsecured revolving credit facility divided by the amount of Pari Passu Indebtedness outstanding at such time, each as defined in the guaranty agreement. The
Overall Guaranty Limitation is the sum of 500 million plus 95 of Reckson's aggregate outstanding unsecured 5.15 notes due 2011, 5.875 notes due 2014, 4.000 exchangeable debentures due 2025
and 6.0 notes due 2016. Pari Passu Indebtedness includes all indebtedness owed by the operating partnership that is not secured, ranks pari passu with indebtedness under the senior guaranty of
operating partnership's obligations under its 2007 unsecured revolving credit facility and is guaranteed by ROP and its subsidiaries on substantially the same terms as their guaranties under the 2007
unsecured revolving credit facility. 

 On
March 16, 2009, the 200.0 million, 7.75 unsecured notes, assumed as part of the Merger, matured and were redeemed at par. 

 58 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 7. Corporate Indebtedness (Continued) 

Restrictive Covenants 

 The terms of the senior unsecured notes include certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other things, the incurrence of
additional indebtedness and liens, and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the minimum amount of debt service coverage, the maximum amount of consolidated unsecured and secured
indebtedness and the minimum amount of unencumbered assets. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 

 Principal Maturities 

Combined aggregate principal maturities of mortgages and notes payable, senior unsecured notes (net of discount) and our share of joint
venture debt as of December 31, 2009, including extension options, were as follows (in thousands): 

Scheduled 
Amortization 
 
 Principal 
Repayments 
 
 Unsecured 
Notes 
 
 Total 
 
 Joint 
Venture 
Debt 

2010 

4,225 

114,821 

119,046 

2011 

3,223 

216,656 

123,607 

343,486 

2012 

2013 

2014 

150,000 

150,000 

Thereafter 

274,727 

274,727 

94,500 

7,448 

216,656 

663,155 

887,259 

94,500 

8. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The following disclosures of estimated fair value were determined by management, using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is
necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we could realize on disposition of the
financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

 Cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash, tenant and other receivables and accrued interest payable and other liabilities, accounts payable and accrued expenses and security deposits,
reasonably approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these items. Mortgage notes payable and the senior unsecured notes have an estimated fair value based on discounted cash flow
models, based on Level 3 inputs, of approximately 846.9 million, compared to the book value of the related fixed rate debt of approximately 887.3 million. Our structured finance
investments had an estimated fair value ranging between 16.2 million and 24.3 million, compared to the book value of the related investments of approximately 27.0 million at
December 31, 2009. 

 Disclosure
about fair value of financial instruments is based on pertinent information available to us as of December 31, 2009. Although we are not aware of any factors that would
significantly affect the reasonable fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these financial statements since that date and current estimates of fair
value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 

 59 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

9. Rental Income 

We are the lessor and the sublessor to tenants under operating leases with expiration dates beginning January 1, 2010. The minimum rental amounts due under the leases are
generally either subject to scheduled fixed increases or adjustments. The leases generally also require that the tenants reimburse us for increases in certain operating costs and real estate taxes
above their base year costs. Approximate future minimum rents to be received over the next five years and thereafter for non-cancelable operating leases in effect at December 31,
2009 for the consolidated properties, including consolidated joint venture properties, and our share of unconsolidated joint venture properties are as follows (in thousands): 

Consolidated 
Properties 
 
 Unconsolidated 
Property 

2010 

299,268 

9,527 

2011 

288,344 

7,690 

2012 

276,755 

7,759 

2013 

261,102 

7,829 

2014 

243,801 

5,925 

Thereafter 

1,405,578 

32,502 

2,774,848 

71,232 

10. Related Party Transactions 

 Cleaning/ Security/ Messenger and Restoration Services 

 Through Alliance Building Services, or Alliance, First Quality Maintenance, L.P., or First Quality, provides cleaning,
extermination and related services, Classic Security LLC provides security services, Bright Star Couriers LLC provides messenger services, and Onyx Restoration Works provides restoration
services with respect to certain properties owned by us. Alliance is owned by Gary Green, a son of Stephen L. Green, the chairman of our board of directors. First Quality also provides
additional services directly to tenants on a separately negotiated basis. In addition, First Quality has the non-exclusive opportunity to provide cleaning and related services to
individual tenants at our properties on a basis separately negotiated with any tenant seeking such additional services. An affiliate of ours has entered into an arrangement with Alliance whereby it
will receive a profit participation above a certain threshold for services provided by Alliance to tenants above the base services specified in their lease agreements. The affiliate received
approximately 1.4 million, 1.2 million and 0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. First Quality leases 26,800 square feet of
space at a property owned through March 2007 by SL Green pursuant to a lease that expires on December 31, 2015. SL Green received approximately 75,000 in rent from Alliance in 2007. We paid
Alliance approximately 2.1 million, 2.4 million, 0.6 million (including none for the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007), for three years ended
December 31, 2009 respectively, for these services (excluding services provided directly to tenants). 

Allocated Expenses from SL Green 

 Subsequent to the Merger, property operating expenses include an allocation of salary and other operating costs from SL Green. Such
amount was approximately 3.9 million, 4.1 million and 3.5 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007 (Successor), respectively. 

 60 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 10. Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 Insurance 

 Subsequent to the Merger, we obtain insurance coverage through an insurance program administered by SL Green. In connection with this
program we incurred insurance expense of approximately 2.9 million, 2.6 million and 2.0 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007 (Successor), respectively. 

 11. Partners' Capital 

Prior to the Merger, a Class A common unit of ROP and a share of common stock of Reckson Associates Realty Corp., or RARC, had similar economic characteristics as they effectively
shared equally in the net income or loss and distributions of ROP. Since consummation of the Merger on January 25, 2007, SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., or the operating
partnership, has owned all the economic interests in ROP either by direct ownership or by indirect ownership through its wholly-owned subsidiary Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, or WAGP.
Reckson Associates Realty Corp., or RARC, served as the sole general partner of ROP until November 15, 2007, at which time RARC withdrew and WAGP succeeded it as the sole general partner of
ROP. Since consummation of the Merger, RARC has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of SL Green. 

 As
of December 31, 2006, we had issued and outstanding 1,200 preferred units of limited partnership interest with a liquidation preference value of 1,000 per unit and a stated
distribution rate of 7.0 , or Preferred Units, which was subject to reduction based upon terms of their initial issuance. The terms of the Preferred Units provided for this reduction in distribution
rate in order to address the effect of certain mortgages with above market interest
rates which were assumed by us in connection with properties contributed to us in 1998. As a result of the aforementioned reduction, no distributions were being made on the Preferred Units. In
connection with the Merger, the holder of the Preferred Units transferred the Preferred Units to the operating partnership in exchange for the issuance of 1,200 preferred units of limited partnership
interest in the operating partnership with substantially similar terms as the Preferred Units. 

 Holders
of preferred units of limited and general partnership interest were entitled to distributions based on the stated rates of return (subject to adjustment) for those units. 

Prior
to the Merger, RARC maintained a long term incentive program, or LTIP. With respect to the LTIP units and the restricted equity awards, RARC recorded compensation expense which has
been included in marketing, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2006, RARC had accrued approximately
 33.7 million of compensation expense with respect to the special outperformance pool. These costs were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the balance sheet at
December 31, 2006. During January 2007, in connection with the Merger, RARC paid, in cash, approximately 35.5 million to the participants of the special outperformance pool of which
 1.8 million was expensed during the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor). 

 Intercompany
transactions between SL Green and ROP are generally recorded as contributions and distributions. 

 12. Benefit Plans 

The building employees are covered by multi-employer defined benefit pension plans and post-retirement health and welfare plans. Contributions to these plans amounted to
approximately 3.2 million, 3.1 million and 2.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Separate actuarial 

 61 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

12. Benefit Plans (Continued) 

information
regarding such plans is not made available to the contributing employers by the union administrators or trustees, since the plans do not maintain separate records for each reporting unit. 

 13. Commitments and Contingencies 

We are not presently involved in any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against us or our properties, other than routine litigation arising
in the ordinary course of business. Management believes the costs, if any, incurred by us related to this litigation will not materially affect our financial position, operating results or liquidity. 

The
property located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas operates under a ground lease (approximately 8.5 million in 2010 and approximately 6.9 million annually thereafter)
with a term expiration of 2043. 

 The
following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under noncancellable operating leases with initial terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2009 (in thousands): 

December 31,

Non-cancellable 
operating leases 

2010 

9,992 

2011 

7,724 

2012 

7,594 

2013 

7,594 

2014 

7,594 

Thereafter 

247,237 

Total minimum lease payments 

287,735 

14. Environmental Matters 

Our management believes that the properties are in compliance in all material respects with applicable Federal, state and local ordinances and regulations regarding environmental issues.
Management is not aware of any environmental liability that it believes would have a materially adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management is unaware of
any instances in which it would incur significant environmental cost if any of the properties were sold. 

 15. Segment Information 

We are engaged in owning, managing and leasing commercial office properties in Manhattan, Westchester County, Connecticut and Long Island City and have two reportable segments, real
estate and structured finance investments. We evaluate real estate performance and allocate resources based on earnings contribution to income from continuing operations. 

 Our
real estate portfolio is primarily located in the geographical markets of Manhattan, Westchester County, Connecticut and Long Island City. The primary sources of revenue are
generated from tenant rents and escalations and reimbursement revenue. Real estate property operating expenses consist primarily of security,
maintenance, utility costs, real estate taxes and ground rent expense (at certain applicable properties). See Note 4 for additional details on our structured finance investments. 

 62 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 15. Segment Information (Continued) 

 Selected
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and for the periods January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) and
January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor), and selected asset information as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), regarding our operating segments are as follows (in
thousands): 

Real Estate 
Segment 
 
 Structured 
Finance 
Segment 
 
 Total 
Company 

Total revenues: 

Year ended December 31, 2009 (Successor) 

345,591 

2,715 

348,306 

Year ended December 31, 2008 (Successor) 

339,558 

9,989 

349,547 

January 26 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) 

289,803 

16,554 

306,357 

January 1 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 

25,217 

1,201 

26,418 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before noncontrolling interest, gain on sale and discontinued operations: 

Year ended December 31, 2009 (Successor) 

54,202 

(22,904) 
 
 31,298 

Year ended December 31, 2008 (Successor) 

57,824 

(4,428) 
 
 53,396 

January 26 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) 

27,894 

12,103 

39,997 

January 1 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 

(12,640) 
 
 464 

(12,176) 

Total assets 

As of: 

December 31, 2009 (Successor) 

3,942,897 

26,993 

3,969,890 

December 31, 2008 (Successor) 

4,030,724 

91,323 

4,122,047 

Income from continuing operations represents total revenues less total expenses for the real estate segment and total investment income less
allocated interest expense and provision for loan losses for the structured finance segment. Interest costs for the structured finance segment are imputed assuming 100 leverage at SL Green's
unsecured revolving credit facility borrowing cost. We do not allocate marketing, general and administrative expenses to the structured finance segment, since we base performance on the individual
segments prior to allocating marketing, general and administrative expenses. All other expenses, except interest, relate entirely to the real estate assets. There were no transactions between the
above two segments. 

 The
table below reconciles income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interest to net income available to common unitholders for the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008 and the periods January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) and January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) (in thousands): 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
2009 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
2008 
 
 Period 
January 26 to 
December 31, 
2007 
 
 Period 
January 1 to 
January 25, 
2007 

(Successor) 
 
 (Successor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 
 
 (Predecessor) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

31,298 

53,396 

39,997 

(12,176) 

Net income (loss) and gains from discontinued operations 

(42) 
 
 1,418 

2,457 

3,018 

Net income 

31,256 

54,814 

42,454 

(9,158) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in other partnerships 

(13,380) 
 
 (16,687) 
 
 (9,864) 
 
 (2,173) 

Net income (loss) attributable to ROP common unitholders 

17,876 

38,127 

32,590 

(11,331) 

63 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2009 

 16. Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

We are providing updated summary selected quarterly financial information, which is included below, reflecting the prior period reclassification as discontinued operations of the
properties sold in 2009. 

 Quarterly
data for the last two years is presented in the tables below (in thousands). 

2009 Quarter Ended

December 31 
 
 September 30 
 
 June 30 
 
 March 31 

Total revenues 

89,798 

85,556 

86,983 

85,969 

Income (loss) net of noncontrolling interests and before gain on sale 

17,077 

9,153 

(10,414) 
 
 10,854 

Equity in net income from joint venture property 

272 

269 

287 

281 

Gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt 

(163) 
 
 1,774 

1,908 

Discontinued operations 

(16) 
 
 (26) 

Net income (loss) 

17,349 

9,259 

(8,369) 
 
 13,017 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in other partnerships 

(3,502) 
 
 (2,904) 
 
 (3,647) 
 
 (3,327) 

Income (loss) attributable to ROP common unitholders 

13,847 

6,355 

(12,016) 
 
 9,690 

2008 Quarter Ended

December 31 
 
 September 30 
 
 June 30 
 
 March 31 

Total revenues 

93,020 

87,672 

85,370 

83,487 

Income net of noncontrolling interests and before gain on sale 

9,254 

7,588 

8,223 

10,924 

Equity in net income (loss) from joint venture property 

262 

284 

344 

(52) 

Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

16,569 

Discontinued operations 

(27) 
 
 143 

310 

558 

Net income 

26,058 

8,015 

8,877 

11,430 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in other partnerships 

(3,592) 
 
 (3,753) 
 
 (3,590) 
 
 (5,318) 

Income attributable to ROP common unitholders 

22,466 

4,262 

5,287 

6,112 

17. Subsequent Events 

We have evaluated subsequent events through the time of filing of these consolidated financial statements with the SEC on this Annual Report on Form 10-K on
February 16, 2010. 

 In
February 2010, we repurchased approximately 21.4 million of our 4 exchangeable bonds. 

 64 

Table of Contents 

Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 
Schedule III Real Estate And Accumulated Depreciation 
December 31, 2009 
(Dollars in thousands) 

Column A 
 
 Column B 
 
 Column C 
Initial Cost 
 
 Column D 
Cost Capitalized 
Subsequent 
To Acquisition 
 
 Column E 
Gross Amount at Which Carried at 
Close of Period 
 
 Column F 
 
 Column G 
 
 Column H 
 
 Column I 

Description

Encumbrances 
 
 Land 
 
 Building 
Improvements 
 
 Land 
 
 Building 
Improvements 
 
 Land 
 
 Building 
Improvements 
 
 Total 
 
 Accumulated 
Depreciation 
 
 Date of 
Construction 
 
 Date 
Acquired 
 
 Life on Which 
Depreciation is 
Computed 

810 Seventh Avenue (1) 

114,077 

476,386 

17,190 

114,077 

493,576 

607,653 

37,685 

1970 

1/2007 

Various 

919 Third Avenue (1) (4) 

224,104 

223,529 

1,033,198 

1,568 

223,529 

1,034,766 

1,258,295 

76,706 

1970 

1/2007 

Various 

1185 Avenue of the Americas (1) 

728,213 

17,159 

745,372 

745,372 

62,271 

1969 

1/2007 

Various 

1350 Avenue of the Americas (1) 

91,038 

380,744 

9,287 

91,038 

390,031 

481,069 

30,672 

1966 

1/2007 

Various 

1100 King Street 1-7 International Drive (2) 

49,392 

104,376 

1,093 

2,329 

50,485 

106,705 

157,190 

9,687 

1983/1986 

1/2007 

Various 

520 White Plains Road (2) 

6,324 

26,096 

1,840 

6,324 

27,936 

34,260 

2,491 

1979 

1/2007 

Various 

115-117 Stevens Avenue (2) 

5,933 

23,826 

2,849 

5,933 

26,675 

32,608 

2,726 

1984 

1/2007 

Various 

100 Summit Lake Drive (2) 

10,526 

43,109 

3,647 

10,526 

46,756 

57,282 

4,089 

1988 

1/2007 

Various 

200 Summit Lake Drive (2) 

11,183 

47,906 

327 

11,183 

48,233 

59,416 

4,081 

1990 

1/2007 

Various 

500 Summit Lake Drive (2) 

9,777 

39,048 

1,424 

9,777 

40,472 

50,249 

2,953 

1986 

1/2007 

Various 

140 Grand Street (2) 

6,865 

28,264 

2,207 

6,865 

30,471 

37,336 

2,489 

1991 

1/2007 

Various 

360 Hamilton Avenue (2) 

29,497 

118,250 

1,958 

29,497 

120,208 

149,705 

10,069 

2000 

1/2007 

Various 

7 Landmark Square (3) 

2,088 

7,748 

2,088 

7,748 

9,836 

2007 

1/2007 

Various 

680 Washington Boulevard (3) (4) 

11,696 

45,364 

570 

11,696 

45,934 

57,630 

3,810 

1989 

1/2007 

Various 

750 Washington Boulevard (3) (4) 

16,916 

68,849 

2,198 

16,916 

71,047 

87,963 

5,751 

1989 

1/2007 

Various 

1055 Washington Boulevard (3) 

13,516 

53,228 

782 

13,516 

54,010 

67,526 

4,293 

1987 

1/2007 

Various 

400 Summit Lake Drive (2) 

38,889 

160 

39,049 

39,049 

1/2007 

Various 

Other (5) 

1,128 

40 

4,692 

1,168 

4,692 

5,860 

Various 

224,104 

642,374 

3,224,605 

1,293 

70,027 

643,667 

3,294,632 

3,938,299 

259,773 

(1) Property
located in New York, New York.
 (2) Property
located in Westchester County, New York.
 (3) Property
located in Connecticut.
 (4) We
own a 51 interest in this property.
 (5) Other
includes tenant improvements, capitalized interest and corporate improvements. 

The changes in real estate for the three years ended December 31, 2009 are as follows: 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

Balance at beginning of year 

3,907,982 

3,938,060 

3,649,874 

Property acquisitions 

3,280,949 

Improvements 

31,740 

21,599 

16,853 

Retirements/disposals 

(1,423) 
 
 (51,677) 
 
 (3,009,616) 

Balance at end of year 

3,938,299 

3,907,982 

3,938,060 

The
aggregate cost of land, buildings and improvements, before depreciation, for Federal income tax purposes at December 31, 2009 was approximately 3.2 billion. 

The
changes in accumulated depreciation, exclusive of amounts relating to equipment, autos, and furniture and fixtures, for the three years ended December 31, 2009, are as
follows: 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

Balance at beginning of year 

162,324 

73,506 

634,536 

Depreciation for year 

97,826 

89,499 

78,856 

Retirements/disposals 

(377) 
 
 (681) 
 
 (639,886) 

Balance at end of year 

259,773 

162,324 

73,506 

65 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our President and our Treasurer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of "disclosure controls and procedures" in
Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. Also, we have investments in certain
unconsolidated entities. As we do not control these entities, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entities are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain
with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. 

 As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and our
Treasurer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, our President and
Treasurer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to give reasonable assurances to the timely collection, evaluation and disclosure of information relating to the Company
that would potentially be subject to disclosure under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15 (f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Treasurer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2009. 

 This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was
not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permits the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2009
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reports. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

 66 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEMS 10, 11, 12 AND 13. 

 As discussed in this report, SL Green acquired us on January 25, 2007. WAGP is the sole general partner of ROP and WAGP is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of SL Green. The directors and officers of WAGP also serve as officers of SL Green. As a result, you should read SL Green's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, on or prior to April 30, 2010, for the information required by Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 with
respect to SL Green and which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 

 Ernst Young LLP has served as ROP's independent registered public accounting firm since ROP's formation in September
1994 and is considered by management of ROP to be well qualified. ROP has been advised by that firm that neither it nor any member thereof has any financial interest, direct or indirect, in ROP or any
of its subsidiaries in any capacity. 

 Ernst 
Young LLP's fees for providing services to ROP in 2009 and 2008 were as follows: 

 Audit Fees. The aggregate fees billed by Ernst Young LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of ROP's
annual financial
statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and for the reviews of the financial statements included in ROP's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 were approximately 200,000 and 200,000, respectively. 

Audit Related Fees. There were no audit related fees billed by Ernst Young LLP for professional services rendered for
assurance and
related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of ROP's financial statements, other than the services described under "Audit Fees," including employee benefit
plan audits, due diligence and accounting assistance relating to transactions, joint ventures and other matters, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

 Tax Fees. There were no tax fees billed by Ernst Young LLP for professional services rendered for tax compliance
(including REIT tax
compliance), tax advice and tax planning for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

 All Other Fees. There were no other fees billed by Ernst Young LLP for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009
and 2008. 

 Following
the SL Green merger, RARC (and now WAGP) is not required to have an audit committee and WAGP in fact does not have an audit committee. Management has the primary responsibility
for the preparation, presentation and integrity of our financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles, internal controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations. 

 Management
has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with ROP's independent auditors, Ernst Young LLP, and discussed the matters required to be
discussed by Statement of Auditing Standard No. 61. Management received the written disclosure and the letter from Ernst Young LLP required by Rule 3526 of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board, as currently in effect, discussed with Ernst Young LLP the auditors' independence and considered the compatibility of Ernst 
Young LLP's provision of non-audit services to our company with their independence. 

Management
recommended to the Board of Directors of our sole general partner (and such Board of Directors has approved) that the audited financial statements be included in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for filing with the SEC. 

 67 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 39 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 (Successor) and December 31, 2008 (Succecessor)

40 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), the period
January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) and the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 
 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Capital for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), the period
January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) and the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 
 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 (Successor), the period
January 26, 2007 to December 31, 2007 (Successor) and the period January 1, 2007 to January 25, 2007 (Predecessor) 
 
 43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 44 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31,
2009 

65 

Schedules other than those listed are omitted as they are not applicable or the required or equivalent information has been included in the
financial statements or notes thereto. 

 (a)(3) In
reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding
their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each
of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: 

should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to
one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable
agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 
 may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other
investors; and 
 were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement
and are subject to more recent developments. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about us may be
found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov . 

 (a)(4) Exhibits

See
Index to Exhibits on following page. 

 68 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

(4) Exhibits:
The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 3, 2006 by and among SL Green Realty Corp., others, the Reckson Associates Realty Corp. and the Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 

2.1 

8/9/06 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant 
 
 S-11 

333-1280 

10.1 

2/12/96 

3.2 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing Series A Preferred Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 8-K 

10.1 

3/1/99 

3.3 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing Series B Preferred Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 8-K 

10.2 

3/1/99 

3.4 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing Series C Preferred Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 8-K 

10.3 

3/1/99 

3.5 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing Series D Preferred Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 8-K 

10.4 

3/1/99 

3.6 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing Series B Common Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 10-K 

10.6 

3/17/00 

3.7 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing Series E Preferred Partnership Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 10-K 

10.7 

3/17/00 

3.8 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing the Series F Junior Participating Preferred Partnership Units 
 
 10-K 

10.8 

3/21/01 

3.9 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing the Series C Common Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 10-Q 

10.4 

8/13/03 

3.10 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing LTIP Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 8-K 

10.4 

12/29/04 

3.11 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant Establishing 2005 LTIP Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 10-K 

10.11 

3/10/06 

3.12 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. Establishing 2006 LTIP Units of Limited Partnership Interest 
 
 10-Q 

3.1 

5/15/06 

3.13 
 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Registrant relating to the succession as a general partner of the Acquisition GP LLC. 
 
 10-K 

3.12 

3/31/08 

4.1 
 
 Form of 7.75 Notes due 2009 of the Registrant 
 
 8-K 

4.2 

3/26/99 

69 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated March 26, 1999, among the Registrant, the Company, and The Bank of New York, as trustee 
 
 8-K 

4.3 

3/26/99 

4.3 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2000, between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes, as Exhibit A thereto, the Form of Articles
Supplementary, as Exhibit B thereto, the Form of Right Certificate, and as Exhibit C thereto, the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Shares 
 
 8-K 

4 

10/17/00 

4.4 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement for the Senior Unsecured Notes due 2007 
 
 10-K 

10.23 

3/26/98 

4.5 
 
 Form of 5.15 Notes due 2011 of the Registrant 
 
 8-K 

4.1 

1/21/04 

4.6 
 
 Form of 5.875 Notes due 2014 of the Registrant 
 
 8-K 

4.1 

8/12/04 

4.7 
 
 4.00 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2025 of the Registrant 
 
 8-K 

4.1 

6/27/05 

4.8 
 
 First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2006, by and between Reckson Associates Realty Corp. and American Stock Transfer Trust Reckson Associates Realty Corp. 
 
 8-K 

4.0 

10/10/06 

4.9 
 
 Form of 6.0 Notes due 2016 of the Reckson Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 
 
 8-K 

4.1 

3/31/06 

10.1 
 
 Ground Leases for certain of the properties 
 
 S-11 

33-84324 

10.17 

2/3/95 

10.2 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2001, between Metropolitan 919 3rd Avenue, LLC, as Borrower, and Secure Financial Corporation, as Lender 
 
 10-Q 

10.2 

8/14/01 

10.3 
 
 Operating Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2000, between Reckson Tri-State Member LLC (together with its permitted successors and assigns) and TIAA Tri-State LLC 
 
 8-K 

10.3 

10/17/00 

10.4 
 
 Consolidated, Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note relating to Metropolitan 810 7th Ave., LLC and 100 Wall Company LLC 
 
 10-K 

10.52 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of 919 JV LLC 
 
 8-K 

10.1 

1/8/02 

10.6 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2005, by and between Citibank, N.A. and Reckson Court Square, LLC 
 
 10-Q 

10.1 

5/9/05 

10.7 
 
 Note, dated as of August 3, 2005, by Reckson Court Square, LLC (Borrower), in favor of German American Capital Corporation (Lender) 
 
 10-Q 

10.3 

8/9/05 

10.8 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2005, between Reckson Court Square, LLC and German American Capital Corporation 
 
 10-Q 

10.4 

8/9/05 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of One Court Square Holdings LLC, dated as of November 30, 2005, by and between One Court Square Member LLC and One Court Square Investor, LLC 
 
 8-K 

10.1 

12/6/05 

70 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

10.10 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 25, 2007, by and among Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P., Reckson Associates Realty Corp., The Bank of New York and SL Green Realty Corp. 
 
 8-K 

10.1 

1/25/07 

10.11 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2007, by and among SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., SL Green Realty Corp., Wachovia Capital Markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole book manager,
Wachovia Bank, National Association, as agent, each of KeyBank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, each of Eurohypo AG, New York Branch and ING Real Estate Finance (USA) LLC, as
co-documentation agents, and each of the lenders party thereto. 
 
 8-K 

10.2 

1/25/07 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2007, by and among SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., SL Green Realty Corp., the lenders party thereto, and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent. 
 
 8-K 

10.3 

1/25/07 

10.13 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2007, by and among SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P., SL Green Realty Corp., the lenders party thereto, and Wachovia Bank, National Association,
 as agent. 
 
 8-K 

10.4 

1/25/07 

12.1 
 
 Statement of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

X 

14.1 
 
 Reckson Associates Realty Corp. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 
 
 10-K 

14.1 

3/9/04 

21.1 
 
 Statement of Subsidiaries 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Marc Holliday President of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Gregory F. Hughes, Treasurer of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Marc Holliday, President of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Gregory F. Hughes, Treasurer of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

X 

Previously
filed as an exhibit to the Company's filing with the SEC and incorporated herein by reference. 

71 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 16, 2010. 

RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. 

BY: WYOMING ACQUISITION GP LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ GREGORY F. HUGHES 

Gregory F. Hughes Treasurer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities indicated on February 16, 2010. 

Signature

Title

/s/ MARC HOLLIDAY 

Marc Holliday 
 
 President of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ GREGORY F. HUGHES 

Gregory F. Hughes 
 
 Treasurer of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ ANDREW S. LEVINE 

Andrew S. Levine 
 
 Director of WAGP, the sole general partner of the Registrant 

72 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 a2196496zex-12_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 12.1 

Reckson Operating Partnership Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

Year 
Ended 
31-Dec-09 
 
 Year 
Ended 
31-Dec-08 
 
 Year 
Ended 
31-Dec-07 
 
 Year 
Ended 
31-Dec-06 
 
 Year 
Ended 
31-Dec-05 

Income from continuing operations before minority interests and fixed charges 

99,057 

137,613 

128,681 

89,774 

101,972 

Interest 

56,498 

73,683 

81,142 

109,546 

108,173 

Rent Expense 

6,482 

6,482 

6,585 

6,367 

5,930 

Amort of debt issue costs 

152 

4,312 

4,166 

62,980 

80,165 

87,879 

120,225 

118,269 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 

1.57 

1.72 

1.46 

0.75 

0.86 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 12.1 
 
 Reckson Operating Partnership Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a2196496zex-21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 21.1 

RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES 

PROPERTY

PROPERTY OWNER

NEW YORK CITY 

1350 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 
 
 1350 LLC (owned directly by ROP) 

1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York (Ground Lease) 
810 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York (Air Rights Lease) 
 
 SLG 1185 Sixth A LLC (SLG 1185 Sixth A LLC is now indirectly wholly-owned by ROP) 
SLG 810 Seventh A LLC (11 
SLG 810 Seventh B LLC (16 
SLG 810 Seventh C LLC (18 
SLG 810 Seventh D LLC (44 
SLG 810 Seventh E LLC (11 
(as Tenants in Common) 

WESTCHESTER 

1100 King Street Bldg 6 6 International Drive, Ryebrook, New York 
 
 Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. ("ROP") 

1100 King Street Bldg 5 5 International Drive, Ryebrook, New York 
 
 ROP 

1100 King Street Bldg 4 4 International Drive, Ryebrook, New York 
 
 ROP 

1100 King Street Bldg 3 3 International Drive, Ryebrook, New York 
 
 ROP 

1100 King Street Bldg 2 2 International Drive, Ryebrook, New York 
 
 ROP 

1100 King Street Bldg 1 1 International Drive, Ryebrook, New York 
 
 ROP 

100 Summit Lake Drive, Valhalla, New York 
 
 ROP 

200 Summit Lake Drive, Valhalla, New York 
 
 ROP 

500 Summit Lake Drive, Valhalla, New York 
 
 ROP 

140 Grand Street, White Plains, New York 
 
 ROP 

520 White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 
 
 520 LLC (520 LLC is owned 40 by ROP and 60 by Reckson 520 Holdins LLC, which is owned 99 by ROP and 1 by Reckson Mezz LLC) 

115-117 Stevens Avenue, Mt. Pleasant, New York 
 
 ROP 

360 Hamilton Avenue, White Plains, New York 
 
 360 Hamilton Plaza LLC (wholly-owned by ROP) 

CONNECTICUT 

1055 Washington Blvd, Stamford, Connecticut 
 
 1055 Washington Blvd. LLC (wholly-owned by ROP) 

In addition, the following land parcels are owned by ROP: 

7 Landmark Square and Landmark Square Parking Structure (Stamford, CT) 
7 International Drive, Ryebrook, NY 
300, 400 and 600 Summit Lake Drive, Valhalla, New York 

ROP also has partial ownership interests in the following properties (through JV interests): 

PROPERTY

PROPERTY OWNER

1 Court Square, Long Island City, New York 
 
 Reckson Court Square LLC (subsidiary of JV with JP Morgan) 

919 Third Avenue, New York, New York 
 
 Metropolitan 919 3rd Avenue LLC (subsidiary of JV with NYSTRS) 

680 Washington Blvd, Stamford, Connecticut 
 
 Reckson/Stamford Towers, LLC (subsidiary of RT Tri-Sate LLC JV with Teachers) 

750 Washington Blvd, Stamford, Connecticut 
 
 Reckson/Stamford Towers, LLC (subsidiary of RT Tri-Sate LLC JV with Teachers) 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 
 
 RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a2196496zex-23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (i) on Form S-3
(Nos. 333-113076, 333-70111, 333-30394, 333-68828, 333-62434, 333-126058, 333-140222, 333-143941
and 333-163914) and in the related Prospectuses; (ii) on Form S-4 (No. 333-137391) and in the related Prospectus; (iii) on
Form S-8 (Nos. 333-61555, 333-87485, 333-89964, 333-127014 and 333-143721) pertaining to the Stock Option and
Incentive Plans of SL Green Realty Corp., and (iv) on Form S-8 (No. 333-148973) pertaining to the 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of our reports dated
February 16, 2010 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

New York, New York 
February 16, 2010 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a2196496zex-31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P. 

 Certification of Marc Holliday, President of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of Registrant, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) 

 I, Marc Holliday, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P.;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and
have:

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;
 b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;
 c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
February 16, 2010 

/s/ MARC HOLLIDAY 

Marc Holliday President of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a2196496zex-31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 Reckson Operating Partnership, L. P 

 Certification of Gregory F. Hughes, Treasurer of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) 

 I, Gregory F. Hughes, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Reckson Operating Partnership, L.P.;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and
15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have:

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;
 b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;
 c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
February 16, 2010 

/s/ GREGORY F. HUGHES 

Gregory F. Hughes Treasurer of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a2196496zex-32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L. P. 

 Certification of Marc Holliday, President of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 1350 of 
Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

 I, Marc Holliday, President of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, the sole general partner of Reckson Operating Partnership, L.
P. (the "Company"), certify pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1) The
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2009 (the "Report") fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and
 2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By 
 
 /s/ MARC HOLLIDAY 

Marc Holliday President of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant 

Dated:
February 16, 2010 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a2196496zex-32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.2 

 RECKSON OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L. P. 

 Certification of Gregory F. Hughes, Treasurer of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 1350 of 
Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

 I, Gregory F.Hughes, Treasurer and of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, the sole general partner of Reckson Operating
Partnership, L. P. (the "Company"), certify pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1) The
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2009 (the "Report") fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and
 2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By 
 
 /s/ GREGORY F. HUGHES 

Gregory F. Hughes Treasurer of Wyoming Acquisition GP LLC, 
the sole general partner of the Registrant 

Dated:
February 16, 2010 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

</EX-32.2>

