<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100401_10-K_edgar_data_1186362_0001193125-10-074386.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>72423358</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>419040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>70536103</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1304709</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-10-074386.hdr.sgml : 20100401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100401083519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-10-074386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		308
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20091231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXOPACK HOLDING CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001186362
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONVERTED PAPER & PAPERBOARD PRODS (NO CONTAINERS/BOXES) [2670]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-136559
		FILM NUMBER:		10721721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3070 SOUTHPORT ROAD
		CITY:			SPARTANBURG
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8645967140

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BnjKnfJI9tivi55ndAi0sQ3MXkc6ru4k/d9QzuNPrMokku/eGVBM7hXKzVFWYF6D
 hBLFTY/Wm1iWQ1XdrHgYvg==

 0001193125-10-074386.txt : 20100401

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K 

x ANNUAL REPORT PUR S UANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to ________ 

Commission file No. 333-136559 
 EXOPACK HOLDING CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware 
 76-0678893 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 of incorporation or organization) 

3070 Southport Road, Spartanburg, SC 
 29302 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (864) 596-7140 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 
 Yes No x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 
 Yes x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 
 
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes No x 

The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports required to be filed by certain companies under Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and has filed all reports that would have been required to be file d by the registrant during the preceding 12 months had it been subject to such filing requirements. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted 
 
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 
 Yes No (Not yet applicable to registrant) 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in 
 
 definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of 
 
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 
 
 Large a ccelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer x Smaller Reporting Co. 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 Yes No x 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates is zero. The registrant is a privately held corporation. 

As of March 31, 2010, one share of the registrant s common stock was outstanding. 

EXOPACK HOLDING CORP. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 FORM 10-K 

PART I 

Page 
 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 1 2 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4 
 [Reserved] 
 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 

Securities 
 
 18 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 18 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 31 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 3 2 
 
 Item 9A (T) 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 32 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 32 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 34 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 46 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 46 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 47 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 F -1 
 i 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report on Form 10-K of Exopack Holding Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2009, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation section in Item 7 of this annual report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance, achievements or events. These forward-looking statements address matters that
involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe that these factors include but are not limited to the
following: intense competition in the flexible packaging markets; the price and availability of polyethylene resin and paper and our ability to pass those prices on to our customers; global economic factors including risks associated with a
recession and our customers access to credit; our customers inability to satisfy their obligations to us; financial difficulties experienced by our vendors, suppliers and other business partners; increases in our pension costs resulting
from equity market fluctuations; increases in energy prices; our ability to adapt to technological advances in the packaging industry; our ability to protect our proprietary technology from infringement; environmental costs and liabilities; our
ability to obtain funding, if needed, in light of the deterioration of the capital and credit markets; risks relating to our international operations; problems in our labor relations; a loss of transportation providers or increases in fuel prices;
equipment failures; the control of our Company by an affiliate of Sun Capital Partners, Inc.; our ability to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; a loss of key individuals involved in our Company; changes in interest rates; various
factors that we cannot control; our substantial indebtedness and our ability to incur additional indebtedness; our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness; and restrictions in the indenture governing our outstanding
notes. You can identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of the words such as
 may, will, could, would, should, expects, plans, anticipates, estimates, intends, potential, projected, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding future events and business performance
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause industry trends or our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include those set forth in the following discussion and within Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this annual report and elsewhere within this annual
report. Although we believe that expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We will not and assume no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report to conform these statements to
actual results or changes in our expectations, except as required by law. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. You should carefully review the risk factors
described in other documents that we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). ii 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS This annual report
contains certain information about our Company. You should read the annual report carefully, including Item 1A entitled Risk Factors and our consolidated financial statements, included as Item 8, together with the accompanying notes.
Except as otherwise indicated, references to we, our, us, and our Company refer to Exopack Holding Corp. and our subsidiaries. Our Company We are a provider of flexible
packaging, film products, and specialty substrates based in North America and Europe. We design, manufacture and supply paper flexible packaging, plastic flexible packaging and film products and coated products to over 1,300 customers in a variety
of industries, including the food, medical, pet food, chemicals, beverages, personal care and hygiene, lawn and garden and building materials industries, among others. We have 17 manufacturing facilities across the United States, Canada and the
United Kingdom. We provide packaging and films products for many of the world s most well known brands. Our primary strategy is to use a technologically advanced manufacturing platform coupled with excellent customer service in order to help
our customers distinguish their brands and improve product shelf life. The many products that we produce can be
divided into four separate segments: (i) pet food and specialty packaging, (ii) food and specialty packaging (iii) performance packaging and (iv) coated products. Typically, customers decide whether to use paper or plastic packaging on the basis of
end-use application, presentation considerations and the demands of particular filling processes. Such decisions may also be influenced by the relative importance of package size, sealability, shelf-appeal, durability, functionality and
printability. Our pet food and specialty packaging segment produces products used in applications such as pet food, lawn and garden, charcoal, and popcorn packaging. The food and specialty packaging segment produces products used in applications
such as beverage, frozen foods, confectionary, breakfast foods, personal care and unprinted films. The performance packaging segment produces products used in applications such as building materials, chemicals, agricultural products and food
ingredient packaging. The coated products segment produces precision coated films and specialty substrates for imaging, electronics, medical and optical
technologies . Our History Transactions Relating to Our Formation A
predecessor company with our same name was formed as a Delaware corporation on July 27, 2001 for the purpose of acquiring substantially all of the assets and assuming certain liabilities of the flexible packaging division of International Paper
Company. This acquisition was completed on August 7, 2001. On September 30, 2003, the predecessor company, Exopack Holding Corp., purchased all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Plassein International of Thomasville, Inc. and Plassein
International of Newmarket, Inc. Cello-Foil Products, Inc. Cello-Foil was founded in 1949 as a
privately-held, family-owned company headquartered in Battle Creek, Michigan. Cello-Foil began as a printing company and, through the years, developed expertise in flexible packaging manufacturing, laminating and printing. In 1990, Cello-Foil
expanded its production capacity and built a second plant in Albany, Georgia. Cello-Foil s relationship with our company is discussed below. The Packaging Group TPG was founded in Canada in 1990. Between 1990 and 2003, TPG grew through the acquisition of several companies in the flexible packaging industry,
including PackageMasters and Plicon Canada (subsequently renamed Condor Co-Extrusions), Barrier Packaging, Inc., Golden State Equipment and Alcoa US. In 2005, after experiencing financial difficulties, TPG was placed under receivership in Canada.
TPG s relationship with our Company is discussed below. Between July and October of 2005, Sun Capital
Partners, Inc. Sun Capital ), through an affiliate, sponsored a series of transactions involving Cello-Foil, TPG and Exopack, LLC Exopack that resulted in the ultimate formation of our company. Specifically, Cello-Foil
Holding Corp., an affiliate of Sun Capital, acquired Cello-Foil and certain assets of TPG on July 14, 2005 and September 7, 2005, respectively. On October 13, 2005, in accordance with the terms of a merger agreement entered into on October 5, 2005,
an affiliate of Sun Capital acquired Exopack, which became our wholly-owned subsidiary. Concurrently with our acquisition of Exopack, Cello-Foil Holding Corp. became our wholly-owned subsidiary, and we refinanced the then outstanding indebtedness of
Exopack, Cello-Foil and TPG. We refer to our acquisitions of Exopack, Cello-Foil and TPG as the Consolidation. The net cost of the Consolidation and related transactions, including the refinancing of Exopack, Cello-Foil and TPG debt and
the payment of related fees, commissions and expenses, was approximately 312.6 million, net of cash acquired. 1 
 2007 Acquisitions During 2007, we completed two acquisitions, as described below and referred to in this annual report as the 2007 Acquisitions. On August 6, 2007, we acquired 100 of the
membership interests of Intelicoat Technologies Image Products Matthews, LLC and 100 of the outstanding shares of its affiliate, Intelicoat Technologies EF Holdco, Ltd.
(collectively, the Electronic and Engineered Films Business, or EEF ), and also acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of other EEF entities (the EEF Acquisition ). We financed the EEF Acquisition
primarily through borrowings under our senior revolving credit facility (referred to in this annual report as our Senior Credit Facility and further described in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
annual report). EEF, through its parent companies prior to the EEF Acquisition, was previously controlled by an affiliate of Sun Capital. We subsequently renamed the acquired EEF business Exopack Advanced Coatings EAC ). EAC is engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling
precision coated films and specialty substrates for imaging, electronics, medical and optical technologies. EAC conducts its operations from our locations in the state of North Carolina and in North Wales, United Kingdom. On November 28, 2007, we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of DuPont Liquid Packaging System s
performance films business segment Liqui-Box ), including its Whitby, Ontario, Canada operating facility (the EPF Acquisition ). There was no material relationship between our Company and Liqui-Box prior to the commencement of
matters relating to the EPF Acquisition. We subsequently renamed the acquired Liqui-Box business Exopack
Performance Films EPF ). EPF is engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling value-added films used primarily in the food and industrial markets. Our Corporate Structure CPG Finance, Inc. is
a subsidiary of an affiliate of Sun Capital. Exopack Key Holdings, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CPG Finance, Inc., and is the parent company of Exopack Holding Corp. Exopack Holding Corp. is a holding company that conducts substantially all
of its operations through Exopack, LLC, Cello-Foil Holding Corp. and their respective subsidiaries. The current ownership structure of our parent companies and subsidiaries is set forth in the diagram below. 
 Sun Capital We and our parent companies are controlled by an affiliate of Sun Capital. Sun Capital is a private investment firm focused on leveraged buyouts, equity, debt and other investments in
market-leading companies that can benefit from Sun Capital s in-house operating professionals and experience. Affiliates of Sun Capital have invested in and managed more than 200 companies worldwide with consolidated annual sales in excess of
 40.0 billion since Sun Capital s inception in 1995. Sun Capital has offices in Boca Raton, Los Angeles and New York and affiliates with offices in London, Paris, Frankfurt, Shanghai and Shenzhen, China, focused on identifying opportunities
that will provide operating synergies for Sun Capital s affiliated portfolio companies. 2 
 Our Strategy We have developed a business strategy targeted at increasing future revenue, earnings and cash flow performance. The key components of this strategy are: Leveraging Our Customer Relationships . We
enjoy long-standing relationships with many of our customers. One of our top priorities has been to integrate our product offerings into our customers operations by providing high quality, cost-effective products that are tailored to our
customers specific needs. We seek to offer enhanced service and support, anticipating customer needs and providing value-added solutions to customer problems. We have undertaken joint product development efforts with many of our customers,
allowing us to manage our research and development expenditures and increase incentives for customers to remain loyal to us over the long term. The Consolidation and subsequent acquisitions have provided us with additional opportunities to cross-sell our products to our customer base. We offer our diverse array of paper and plastic
products, including multi-wall bags, printed and laminated roll stock, stand-up pouches and coated films, in the following end markets, among others: Food Medical Pet Food Personal Care and Hygiene Chemicals Beverages Lawn Garden Products Building Materials Electronics Efficiently Managing Our Raw Material Supply. We have multiple supply sources for paper, plastics and films and have maintained the majority of those relationships for over a decade. As one of the largest flexible packaging converters in the United States, we believe we are often able to
use our increased size to secure volume pricing from our suppliers and expand our procurement reach. We are
currently focusing on efficiently managing the costs of raw materials, packaging and freight. To further these objectives, we are working to develop best-in-class procurement functions and innovative approaches to raw materials sourcing, such as
internal and global sourcing arrangements. We continue to leverage purchasing across our organization and standardize the use of raw materials across facilities. Continuing to Focus on Enhancing Our Product Mix Through State-of-the-Art Technology. Our production
facilities have allowed us to improve our production flexibility and dependability. We use high-performance machinery and a broad range of state-of-the-art technologies. Recent investments include printing presses that can print up to ten colors,
high efficiency pasted valve machines, co-extruded blown film extruders, heat sealable paper bag line and stand-up re-sealable pouch machines. We believe that a key factor that differentiates our services from those of our competitors is the
state-of-the-art graphics and technical capabilities of our Customer Resource Center, located at our Spartanburg, South Carolina headquarters. In addition, to enhance the convenience that we strive to provide to our customers, we have continued to
add features such as handles and sophisticated package re-closure systems. We view our array of facilities and
ongoing commitment to state-of-the-art technology as key drivers in our ability to provide an exceptional combination of service, performance and value. Strategically, we plan to grow our revenue base by providing customized packaging solutions and
benefiting from an overall trend toward flexible, rather than rigid, packaging. Realizing Operational
Efficiencies and Synergies. We strive to cultivate safe, efficient manufacturing by focusing on quality and operational practices. Our efficiency initiatives include
establishing common operating and reporting procedures, streamlining production, optimizing asset utilization, rationalizing product mix and making strategic capital expenditures. Our Strengths We believe we have the following competitive
strengths: Established Relationships with Blue Chip Customers. We maintain strong relationships with a diverse base of customers in a wide array of businesses. We have approximately 1,300 customers, and even with recent market consolidations, most of
our customers individually represent less than 5 of our net sales. Only one customer exceeded 10 of our net sales for 2009. 3 
 Cost Savings Opportunities. Part of our strategy consists of combining the functions shared by our acquired businesses and extracting synergies. We believe that we can achieve cost savings by in-sourcing
manufacturing, improving procurement (through increased purchasing volume and efficiencies of scale in freight) and eliminating operational redundancies (through reducing headcount, restructuring certain facilities and consolidating information
technology programs). For example, in 2008, we completed the movement of the EAC business out of Intelicoat s South Hadley, Massachusetts facility and into the EAC facility we acquired in Matthews, North Carolina, and the integration of the
Whitby, Canada plant purchased from DuPont into the Exopack business. The integration of the Whitby facility
resulted in significant synergies. Historically, we have relied on third party manufacturers of certain films for flexible packaging operations which are now being provided by the Whitby facility. Additionally, the EPF business historically relied
on third party capabilities for certain print jobs that are now being printed by another Exopack facility. Attractive Industry Dynamics. According to the Flexible Packaging Association FPA ), the size of the domestic flexible packaging industry was estimated
to be approximately 25.7 billion in annual sales in 2009, of which value-added products accounted for an estimated 20.0 billion in sales. The value-added segment does not include retail shopping bags, consumer storage bags
and wraps, or trash bags. The flexible packaging market is fragmented, with an estimated 414 manufacturers
operating in North America. A significant number of these manufacturers are relatively small, with the average converter generating annual sales of approximately 60.0 million to 65.0 million, according to the FPA. We believe that as a result of
customer consolidation, certain sectors remain underserved by mid-sized companies and that our Company can take advantage of this market opportunity in these growth segments. We believe key drivers in the industry include the growing importance of convenience, functionality and shelf-appeal, technological developments, a trend toward flexible rather than rigid
packaging, globalization, raw material cost volatility, impact of sustainable packaging, and pressures to consolidate. We believe that our broad product mix, customer service, award winning printing technology, global presence supported by Global
Packaging Linx and technologically advanced manufacturing capabilities will allow us to capitalize on these favorable industry dynamics. Global Packaging Linx GPL is a strategic initiative we developed to leverage relationships with
global packaging manufacturers. We believe GPL is a unique initiative in our industry. The goal of GPL is to procure flexible packaging solutions from a select network of global packaging manufacturers when it provides value to our customers or
potential customers. We aim to take advantage of GPL while maintaining Exopack's value commitments for quality, service, and innovation. Through GPL, we believe we will be able to identify opportunities within our multinational customer base that
will allow us to provide value through our own mix of domestic converted packaging solutions, as well as through offshore packaging technologies provided by our global alliance partners. To further this goal, Exopack signed a joint venture agreement with Lebanon-based packaging manufacturer INDEVCO Group (INDEVCO)
to manufacture co-extruded polyethylene film in the Middle East under the name CEDEX Plastics Flexible Packaging. Exopack and INDEVCO have shared a long-term relationship through GPL and the two companies share common competencies in
film production and flexible packaging manufacture to support customers from a global sourcing and innovation perspective. This joint venture represents the strengthening of this relationship and will bring the first cost-effective films from
the Middle East to customers in North America. This joint venture is the initial phase of a longer-term strategy to continue to build multiple film production sites in the Middle East. This will allow Exopack and INDEVCO to take advantage of the new
polymer manufacturing capacity coming on line in the Middle East due to the increased economic advantage of ethylene production in this region of the world. The CEDEX film will be distributed by Exopack as part of the Company s family of film
products. Highly Experienced Management Team. We have an experienced management team with an average of more than 20 years of industry experience. Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jack Knott, has over 30 years of experience in
the packaging industry, during which he served as Chief Executive Officer of Pliant Corporation, Chairman of the FPA, President and Chief Operating Officer of Huntsman Packaging Corporation (the predecessor to Pliant Corporation) and President of
Rexene Products (a petrochemical and polymer manufacturer). We also benefit from highly-motivated and experienced managers in key functional areas, including sales and marketing, operations, procurement and accounting and finance. Each of our key
business unit managers has significant experience in the packaging and related industries. Ability to
Pass Through Raw Material Price Increases. Although most of our customers have contracts that prevent us from passing through raw material price increases immediately,
historically, we have been able to pass through raw material price increases to our customers within a relatively short period of time, maintaining a relatively stable spread between selling price and raw material purchase price. More than 75 of
our sales volume generated is under contracts that typically allow us to pass through raw material price increases/decreases every 30 to 90 days to customers that purchase plastic based packaging products and every 90 to 180 days to customers that
purchase paper based packaging products. The remainder of our business is transactional, which permits us to pass through price increases/decreases to customers on an order-by-order basis. Diversified Raw Material Supplier Base. We have relationships with multiple vendors in our paper packaging, plastic packaging and films and coated products se ctors . We currently purchase our raw materials from more than ten paper
suppliers, more than twelve plastics suppliers, and more than fifteen coated products suppliers . Since we are generally able to switch suppliers without sacrificing quality, we believe that we do not depend
on any single supplier to operate efficiently and profitably. 4 
 Balance Between Paper Packaging, Plastic Packaging and Coated Products.
 We offer a diverse array of paper packaging, plastic packaging and films and coated products. We believe that we are well-positioned to meet customer needs in these three
principal sectors. We believe we offer a high quality and diversified product line. Typically, our flexible packaging products are customized to fit particular customer specifications. We believe the multi-wall construction capabilities of our paper
packaging products are among the best in the industry. Our paper packaging products include a wide range of weights, run volumes and end-use applications, such as pinch bags, two- and three-ply pasted
valve bags, sewn-open-mouth bags, self-opening sacks and specialty bags, among other products. Our plastic packaging and films products consist of a variety of film structures, printing, EB treatments and a number of converting styles. Our plastic
packaging and films products include high-clarity printed shrink films, shipping sacks, side weld bags, stand-up pouches and laminated roll stock with a wide variety of printing options. Our coated products consist of a variety of laminations,
coatings and other treatments. Our coated products include optical films, microfilm, medical products, conductive films and foils, ink jet receptive products and phototool products. We believe we have established a reputation for developing innovative products, improving the shelf-appeal of our
customers products and enhancing product performance. For example, we have developed our RAVE brand of plastic-laminated and converted plastic bags with easy to open and reclose features for the pet food and lawn and garden markets,
specialty packaging for feminine care products, eXpress pv two-ply cement bags for our
cement and packaged concrete customers and paper bags with reclosable zippers for popular pet food brands. We also hold numerous patents, have other patent applications pending, and possess a number of proprietary constructions, compositions and
manufacturing processes. In addition to our expertise in developing innovative products, our in-house graphics center has earned several industry awards for print quality and innovation. Industry Overview General.
 The flexible packaging and coating industry manufactures a broad range of consumer and industrial packaging for use in diverse end markets. Multi-layer flexible
polymer/paper structures and barrier laminates are used for food, medical, agricultural and personal care products, as well as other consumer and industrial uses, and are used in a variety of products that generally include plastic film, paper or a
combination of the two. Plastic films, which account for the largest share of market demand in the industry, have
been increasingly popular in recent years and offer strong barrier performance, re-closeability and outstanding print characteristics. Paper products are versatile and support vibrant graphics and color schemes, while simultaneously offering
durability and freshness retention as necessary. Moreover, paper products are increasingly appealing to consumers who place emphasis on environmental concerns and value the ability to use renewable resources and the option to recycle such products.
 According to the FPA, the domestic flexible packaging market accounted for an estimated 25.7 billion in sales in
2009, with industry growth rates of between 2 and 3 projected annually. The flexible packaging industry is highly fragmented, as demonstrated by the estimated 414 flexible packaging manufacturers in North America. End Markets. With its versatility,
favorable cost profile and considerable shelf-appeal compared to traditional packaging configurations, flexible packaging has made, and continues to make, inroads in a wide variety of consumer and industrial markets. The focus on sustainable
packaging also favors the reduced packaging material weight of flexible packaging. Approximately 85 of end market applications for domestic flexible packaging are consumer and institution oriented, while approximately 8 of the overall flexible
packaging market stems from industrial uses for flexible packaging, particularly in the agricultural, building and chemical industries. Retail and institutional food and beverage markets account for approximately 56 of all flexible packaging
applications. In addition, medical and pharmaceutical markets account for approximately 7 of flexible packaging applications. Various other applications, such as personal care products and retail and institutional non-food products, account for
approximately 29 of the flexible packaging industry. Industry Forecast. Growth in the flexible packaging industry is expected to be driven by a number of trends, including: increasing importance of convenience, portability, functionality and shelf-appeal; technological developments leading to enhancements in packaging product performance capabilities; ongoing industry conversion from rigid to
flexible packaging; impact of sustainable packaging; and globalization. We believe that larger producers are particularly well situated to take advantage
of such trends, given their ability to reliably service larger, national customers by offering large-scale production capacity while simultaneously providing significant product development capabilities, broad product offerings and competitive
pricing. Additionally, larger producers have relatively greater purchasing leverage than smaller producers and can more easily marshal resources to pursue substantial acquisition strategies. We believe that our Consolidation in 2005 and acquisitions
in 2007 provide us with the potential to benefit from such size-related advantages. 5 
 Competition The business of supplying flexible packaging products is extremely competitive, and we face competition from companies that sell similar and substitute packaging products. We compete
principally with a limited number of manufacturers of flexible packaging products who offer a broad range of products and maintain production and marketing facilities domestically and internationally. Our major domestic competition includes Bemis
Company, Inc., Printpack, Inc., Hood Packaging Group, Graphic Packaging Corp., Sonoco Products Company and Coating Excellence International. Our international competitors include Nordenia International AG, Peel Plastic Products Ltd., Mondi Group,
Bischof and Klein and UFlex. Segments Our business is divided into four primary product segments: pet food and specialty packaging, food and specialty packaging, performance packaging and coated products. The overall product
development capabilities and production capacity of these segments allow us to serve as a full-service packaging provider to our customers. Pet Food and Specialty Segment. This market segment includes packaging products we sell to producers of
products such as pet food, lawn and garden, charcoal, microwave popcorn and pet care products. We offer a wide range of packaging styles, graphics, special features and coatings that help our customers maximize product appeal to their target
markets. We offer our customers custom-engineered paper for graphics and proprietary coatings for additional barrier protection, depending on each customer s particular safety requirements and convenience concerns. In addition, our plastic
offering supports both high fidelity graphics for large format packaging as well as barrier materials for more sensitive product needs. Food and Specialty Segment. The Food and Specialty segment includes packaging and films products we sell
to producers of food and frozen food, beverages, coffee, candy, paper towels and tissue, healthcare products and other consumer goods. We offer a wide range of packaging styles, graphics, special features and coatings to suit particular customer
needs and maximize product shelf-appeal. We offer customized packaging solutions to suit particular customer needs for safety, shelf life and convenience. Performance Packaging Segment. For this segment, the primary performance of the package is to protect and
transport goods in a safe, reliable and cost effective manner and graphics are relied upon primarily to communicate product use. We produce industrial-strength paper packaging products used by the agricultural, building products, food ingredient,
diary and processed minerals industries, among others. Our plastic products are additionally used to package chemicals, salt, building materials and agricultural products, among others. Many of these end-use sectors are also marketing products into
big box retailers where product crossover occurs from industrial to consumer. Our amplified printing capabilities can improve the package appeal for products sold through this channel. Coated Products Segment. Our coated
products segment includes coated products we sell to the medical, electronic, optical, security, conductives and printing markets. We offer branded products, proprietary products developed under partnerships and OEM labeled products. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information
regarding our segments. Products We produce a wide variety of value-added, flexible, paper-based and plastic-based packaging and film products, including multi-wall bags, heavy duty shipping sacks and multi-layer laminated
products. Our key paper packaging products include: Pinch Bags . Pinch bags offer presentation and functionality advantages for consumer applications that
require packaging which lies flat or stands upright and is sift resistant. Typically, pinch bags are used by manufacturers and distributors of light products, such as sugar, flour, pet food, livestock feed and smaller lawn and garden products. Due
to their multi-layer constructions, this style of bag is also used for chemical products where specific barriers are required. Pinch bags are left unsealed at one end after production and offer convenient filling and sealing features for our
customers and end users. Pinch bags typically are formed using multiple layers of paper, film and other barrier materials to include laminated film-to-paper composites. Pasted Valve Bags . Pasted valve bags, constructed of heavy-gauge, multi-wall paper, are most often used
in industrial and construction markets. Pasted valve products are extremely durable and strong enough to hold significant weights and volume for such products as cement, clay, chemicals and sand. In general, pasted valve products lay flat for
storage and are easily stackable in mass quantities. The attached valve is designed to work with specific filling equipment. We produce a two-ply line of pasted valve products, which provide what we believe to be efficient, superior performance. We
also offer UN/DOT testing, which is required for all packaging used to carry hazardous materials. Self-Opening Sacks . Self-opening sacks, most commonly used for smaller consumer applications, utilize a variety of multi-wall construction combinations to suit
performance requirements. Paper and plastic layers are often combined to provide outstanding barrier performance for content containment, as well as moisture or oxygen resistance. Moreover, self-opening sacks are easily re- closable by the end consumer and are particularly convenient for smaller pet food, charcoal, animal litter, coffee, sugar and flour packaging products. 6 
 Sewn-Open-Mouth Bags . Sewn-open-mouth bags provide packaging solutions for livestock feed, seed and flour applications. Sewn bags are preferred in many applications because of the ease with which they can be
opened. Sewn closed at one end, the bags are filled with content by the customer and sewn shut with heavy-gauge filament. Sewn-open-mouth bags are constructed to lie flat and are designed to carry heavy loads. We provide a wide variety of printing
and combined substrate choices for sewn-open-mouth bags. In addition to multi-wall, kraft and film, we use woven polypropylene in the construction to enhance the strength of the bag. Multi-Wall and Specialty Bags . We
manufacture technically complex specialty bags capable of providing protection against oil, grease, chemicals and moisture. These bags are used to package pet food, microwave popcorn and charcoal, among other products. Market Print . Market print is primarily
used for building insulation backing, or as wrap for roofing shingles. Constructed from one-ply, unbleached kraft paper, market print is often printed with one or two colors on one side and delivered to customers on large rolls. Our key plastic packaging and films products include: Shipping Sacks. Our shipping sacks are used for difficult packaging applications, such as insulation,
salt, plastic, resin, sand, gravel, soil, seed and other industrial, chemical and agricultural materials and products. Typically constructed of heavy-gauge plastic, our shipping sacks are heat or adhesive-sealed, thereby creating a weld designed to
withstand harsh industrial environments. Rollstock. We manufacture a variety of tubular and single-wound sheet rollstock products tailored to individual customer preferences. Extruded film is available in several varieties, including
mono-layer, co-extrusion or laminated film, and can be delivered plain or with printing. Rollstock is often utilized for resin, food, beverage and lawn and garden wraps. Flexible Overwrap Packaging. Overwrap packaging consists of specially co-extruded film with
high-performance characteristics. Such products are used for tissue products, such as toilet paper, bundle packs of bar soap and pharmaceutical products. We can accommodate orders for thin gauge extensible films, as thin as .5 millimeters and with
as many as 10 colors. Multi-Layer Laminations . Multi-layer lamination products provide complex, customized flexible packaging structures to personal care, food and pet food producers. These products offer strength, machinability,
above-average barrier protection and shelf life characteristics, and are tamper evident. Printed Shrink
Film. Shrink films are used in the personal care, beverage, cereal, convenience foods and canned goods markets, offering product protection and clear graphics at relatively
low prices. Dartek Nylon Cast Films. Cast films can be used as thermoforming films
that require high barrier and excellent optics properties and are also used in pouches and bags. Sclairfilm . Sclair sealant films consist of mono and coex blown polyethylene-based products designed for laminations to other materials. These films feature toughness and durability, barrier
properties, superior tensile and puncture strength and excellent sealability. Stand-Up
Pouches . Pouches provide an alternative to traditional rigid packaging, providing increased versatility and convenience. Pouches also feature a large surface area which
allows for more eye-catching graphics. Additionally, the relatively thin, light nature of flexible pouches facilitates product storage and reduces shipping costs. Our stand-up pouches are suited for a wide range of applications and can be customized
to a variety of specifications. Edge Seam . Edge seam bags are primarily used by seed, fertilizer and chemical manufacturers due to their laminated construction and ability to provide eye catching graphics. These bags are made from
rollstock and are gusseted and sealed on one side. Our management believes that our additional features for edge seam bags (such as handles, 10-color printability and custom-engineered constructions and laminations) distinguish our edge seam bags
from those of our competitors. Quad Style Bags and Pouches. Quad style bags are much like an edge seam bag with all four edges sealed to give a box like appearance to the filled bag. These bags lend themselves to high fidelity graphics, consumer
convenience features and allow for a wide range of substrate choices. This is often the plastic version of the paper pinch-style bag. Our key
coated products include: Coated/Laminated Substrates. Precise manufacturing methods and conditions are required for the process of applying complex coatings to these products, which include a variety of films and foils. 7 
 Breathable polyurethane films and foams . These products are used in professional wound dressings, often incorporating antimicrobial silver properties. Coated polyester film. These products
consist of hard-coats, which are used in window-safety film, anti-graffiti material and scratch resistant high gloss furniture foil. Coated and laminate flexible materials . Used in the
electronics market, we manufacture substrates used in the printed circuit, batteries and advanced fuel cells segment. Specialty Coatings. We are able to use our extensive expertise to develop and produce high precision
coatings for a wide variety of critical applications. Operations and Manufacturing We maintain an expansive array of packaging machinery at our various facilities, which collectively produce approximately 240
million pounds of paper packaging and approximately 168 million pounds of plastic packaging and films each year. Our machinery includes numerous presses, tubers, bottomers, sewing lines, self-opening square bottom and two-ply pasted valve bag
machines, multiple extrusion lines, flexo and roto presses, pouch machines, coating machines and laminators. This wide variety of machinery and specialized equipment enables us to increase our product offerings and maintain a high degree of
flexibility in meeting customer demands. Product conformance is continually monitored and maintained by our
supervisors and our key equipment and critical operations are administered by trained, experienced operators. Investments in equipment are driven by industry trends, developing technologies, customer needs and cost containment. Given our diverse customer base our business does not typically experience significant seasonal variation. Due to the high degree of specialization at each of our facilities and the fact that our production is often customer-driven, we
primarily distribute our products directly to our customers. We ship all of our products based on agreements with individual customers, typically using third-party shipping sources to deliver our products. We produce our paper packaging, plastic packaging and films and coated products through three distinct but similar manufacturing
processes. In some cases we may cross between manufacturing platforms to produce composite products which contain both paper and film technologies. Each of the business unit market segments controls or has access to the following manufacturing
platforms. Paper Packaging . The manufacture of paper
packaging involves several processes, including printing, tubing and bottoming. Printing . Flat form paper products are printed using either rotogravure or flexographic print methods. The rotogravure method consists of pressing etched steel plates against flat form paper, using a rotary press to transfer the prints or graphics from the steel plates to the paper.
During this process, the desired image is etched onto a steel cylinder creating small recesses, known as cells, which carry ink. The etched surface of the rotating cylinder is
then dipped into an ink pan which fills the cells with ink. Surplus ink is wiped off the cylinder surface, leaving ink only in the cells. A second rotating cylinder then presses paper onto the cylinder, and the ink is transferred onto the paper. The flexographic print method is similar to the rotogravure method described above but utilizes flexible plates that are drawn through a roller to apply ink and graphics to paper. Once printed, the
paper then undergoes tubing and bottoming processes. Tubing .
Printed paper is converted to tube form by rolling and seaming the paper along one side. Tubing is critical to the production process, as many value-added features are added to
the product at this stage, including the combination of multiple film layers, barriers and laminations. Film layers help provide tubed paper packaging with graphics and
specific end-use features. The tubing process is finalized when the seamed paper is cut by machine into individual bags. Bottoming . Bottoming of the paper packaging completes the manufacturing process. At this stage, a paper
tube is sealed at one end with heat or pressure-applied adhesives. Sewn-open mouth bags are customarily sealed with heavy-gauge filament that is sewn through the packaging. Plastic Packaging and Films . The manufacture of plastic packaging and films also involves several
processes, including extrusion, printing, lamination, slitting and pouching. Extrusion . Extrusion results in the creation of plastic film, the basis of flexible plastic packaging products. Appropriate machinery and technical knowledge are required to create a consistently high quality product. To begin, plastic resins with various properties are blended with additives
to create a specified performance compound, the nature of which is primarily dependent on end-market use and customer preference. Blended resin compounds are then shaped under
heat and pressure to create a thin plastic film. Many manufacturing dynamics, including the combination of resin and extrusion methods, produce variations in color, clarity, tensile strength, toughness, thickness, shrinkability, surface friction, transparency, sealability and permeability. Extruded plastic film can be used in a wide range of applications. We do not, however, extrude all of our plastic films, such as PET and OPP films. Extruded product may result in sheet or tubular form. 8 
 Printing . Extruded plastic
film can be printed. Exopack utilizes either a rotogravure or flexographic printing process, similar to the ones used to print paper packaging. Lamination. In many circumstances, a product needs the protection of more than a
single plastic film. In these instances, additional layers are bonded to the plastic film, with the added layers consisting of materials, such as oriented polyester or 
 oriented polypropylene, which are stiffer and harder to tear. The film layers are brought together by applying an adhesive to one and bringing it into contact with the other, binding the two film layers into one. The lamination process allows us to meet the protection requirements for a variety of different end uses. Slitting
 . Finished plastic film can be placed in razor and shear-cut slitting machines that tailor the film to sizes and widths specified by the customer. Several of our machines are able to store key machine settings for specific products, which results in a high level of consistency and manufacturing efficiency. Pouch/bag converting. Printed and/or laminated films can be converted into a variety of styles with re-closable features, handles or other
required package element. Coated Products . The
manufacture of coated products also involves several processes, including coating and lamination. Coating. Extruded plastic film, foil, and paper can be coated using slot die, direct gravure, reverse gravure and proprietary coating methods, using liquid crystal, exotic filled ceramics and polyamides. Energy cured coatings can be used over printed products for gloss, print protection or
surface dynamic control. In order to optimize these processes and increase efficiencies, we share
production-related best practices among our facilities and closely monitor numerous quality control and production analysis metrics. As a result of such practices, we believe that we have considerably improved our efficiency and quality. Numerous
other efficiency and productivity initiatives are underway in order to optimize processes and productive capacity, including: establishing
company-wide operating and reporting procedures; further streamlining production to focus each facility s core equipment and manufacturing
strengths; optimizing asset utilization at each plant; and strategically making capital expenditures to enhance efficiencies. Management believes that these initiatives should enable us
to improve our overall efficiency and enhance profitability. Materials We use polyethylene resin and barrier films, paper, inks, adhesives and chemicals, including coated and un-coated woven
polypropylene, polyester and nylon films in the manufacture of our products. We purchase our raw materials from a variety of suppliers and do not depend on any one supplier for our raw material needs. We also purchase finished goods through GPL.
 We negotiate pricing and contract terms with each supplier. We attempt to purchase raw materials with the best
possible terms and pricing, and we believe that we have good relationships with each of our suppliers, several of which have supplied raw materials to us for decades. We are currently focusing on increasing the efficiency of our raw materials procurement process. To this end, we are working to develop best-in-class procurement methods and have adopted
innovative approaches to raw materials sourcing, such as developing additional global and internal sourcing arrangements. In addition, we have programs in place to leverage raw materials procurement and standardize raw material usage across our
Company. Technology and Research and Development Our technology development is primarily focused on providing paper, plastic and coatings expertise to suit our customers development requirements. We are able to use our broad product offerings and state-of-the-art technology to transfer technological innovations from one
market to another. For example, our expertise in producing zippered stand-up pouches for the food industry has helped us to develop and commercialize a new patented re-closeable feature on multi-wall bags for pet food. We have also successfully
developed our RAVE TM composite line of premade bags. Through unique substrate combinations
these robust bags offer less damage to the retailer and lower overall cost for the packaged goods company. Many of
our customers work with our technical representatives to deliver more competitive products. We have enhanced our relationships with such customers by providing the technical service required to support the commercialization of new products and by
 helping such customers improve operational efficiency and quality throughout the life cycle of their products. In order to ensure product quality and consistency for their own
customers, our customers do not change suppliers often, as supplier changes can be risky, expensive and time-consuming. 9 
 For additional information related to our research and development costs, please
see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. Sales and Marketing Overview. Our overall sales and marketing
strategy is to deliver levels of quality, consistency, innovation, reliability and customer service that are competitive in the industry and to leverage our resources to position us as a trusted partner and leading solutions provider in value-added
market segments. In addition to the ability to provide innovative and customized products to customers regardless of whether they require paper or plastic configurations, our critical differentiators include strong technical resources, customer
service and support capabilities, broad geographic reach and large-scale production resources. We believe that our full service, one-stop resources enable us to provide industry-leading services and products to a wide range of customers,
including national blue chip companies and smaller, regional accounts. We strive to maintain close relationships
with our customers, collaborating on technological advancements and demand planning. Our sales representatives are trained to focus on specific product categories, while maintaining a general familiarity with all of our products in order to take
advantage of cross-selling opportunities. As a result, we believe that our sales personnel have developed a deep understanding of our product lines, in addition to the specific operations and needs of the individual customers that each
representative services. We believe that this expertise enables us to cultivate new business, develop highly-effective partnering initiatives with key customers, meet or exceed customer needs and expectations as to product quality and innovation,
and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. Sales Organization. Approximately 40 sales personnel are organized around our business segments. Within each segment, sales representatives are divided between regional and national accounts. Regional
representatives target smaller accounts, while national representatives focus on customers requiring service from multiple facilities. Typically, we maintain a single sales personnel and customer service contact with each customer, which we believe
facilitates clear communication and fosters close personal relationships. In addition to a base salary, our sales
personnel have an incentive plan according to the profitability of the products they sell or to the amount of cash their sales generate. Accordingly, our sales representatives have an incentive to sell high-value products. We devote significant
resources on an ongoing basis to product and sales technique training programs, which inform sales representatives about each of our products, their functionality, potential applications and value-added selling techniques. We believe that these
efforts have resulted in a highly knowledgeable and motivated sales force, capable of specifically addressing a broad range of customer requirements. Marketing Initiatives. We actively seek to identify and pursue developing opportunities with customers,
leveraging our technical expertise to meet customer needs, regardless of segment or packaging configuration. We believe these efforts enhance our ability to pursue cross-selling opportunities with existing and potential customers. Market and
product-focused professionals have reinforced our business with our major customers by developing expertise and enhancing recognition of Exopack products and services. In addition, there has been a renewed focus on branded products to enhance
customer experience. We believe that brands such as AquaCrystal , eXpress plv , Sclairfilm
 , Dartek , StratFX , Reflex ,
RAVE TM , Duratool , Inspire TM , and ShurSeal TM have become
 trusted names in our product portfolio. Customer
Service We believe our commitment to customer service and support is reflected in our long-term customer
relationships and new customer retention. Customer service is critical to our ability to differentiate our C ompany from our competition and reinforce our market position. Accordingly, we maintain a strong
focus on our customers by emphasizing an attentive approach to customer needs and by providing value-added services that complement products designed and printed to customer specifications. Our approach to service emphasizes four primary objectives: delivering quality
products on-time; responding to customer questions, concerns and problems, and closely collaborating with customers to promptly address any such questions, concerns or problems; customizing and designing innovative products
that conform to our customers exact specifications; and using specialized manufacturing and information technology to provide customers with
rapid processing and service alternatives. 10 
 In addition, we actively promote our broad network of production facilities in
order to attract and maintain customers that require production from multiple locations. Customers and Order Backlog We have a diversified customer base of more than 1,300 customers. Our customers range in size from Fortune 100 companies to
smaller regional businesses, and come from a variety of industries, including food, chemical, medical, pet food, building materials, beverages, electronics, lawn and garden and personal care and hygiene products. Sales arrangements with our customers vary by customer and product supplied, and may be through purchase order arrangements or
long-term contracts. Contractual terms typically stipulate product prices, potential raw material price increase/decrease pass-through, on-hand inventory or production availability and payment and freight terms. Contractual terms range in length
from one-time sales to three or more years and typically contain cost pass-through provisions. The time between
receipt of orders and shipment generally averages between four to six weeks, and, as a result, backlog is not significant. For information regarding a summary of our significant accounting policies for revenue recognition, please see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
annual report. Employees At December 31, 2009, we had 2,422 employees, of which 322 were covered by three separate collective bargaining agreements. At our Battle Creek, Michigan facility, 139 employees, including
production and maintenance employees, quality control inspectors and drivers, are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires on February 1, 2011. In our Tomah, Wisconsin facility, 113 employees are covered by a collective bargaining
agreement that expires on February 28, 2012. In our Matthews, North Carolina facility, 70 employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires on June 27, 2012. Patents and Trademarks We have proprietary
rights to a number of trademarks important to our business, including, but not limited to, Exopack , eXpress plv , Sclairfilm
 , Dartek , AquaCrystal and Shur Seal . We also
hold approximately 50 U.S and foreign patents relating to our products, manufacturing processes and equipment and approximately 20 patent applications are currently pending in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Regulatory Matters Our business is subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment. These domestic environmental laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean
Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and relate to such things as the storage, release and remediation of hazardous substances. In addition, we are subject
to similar state laws. Exopack s North Wales facility is subject to European Union and UK legislation
covering similar areas of human health and environmental protection. These include the Clean Air Act 1993, the Pollution Prevention and Control (England and Wales) regulations 2000, the Water Resources Act 1991, the Water Protection Zone (River Dee
Catchment) Regulations 1999, the Environmental Protection Duty of Care Regulations 1991, the Hazardous Waste Regulations 2005, the Producer Responsibility Obligations (Packaging Waste) Regulations 2005 and the Landfill Regulations 2002. 
 Exopack s Canadian facilities are subject to Canadian legislation covering similar areas of human health and
environmental protections. Our facilities are subject to one or more of the following regulations: the Canadian Environmental Protection Act (CEPA) which includes the National Pollutant Reporting Inventory regulation, the Kyoto Protocol, the
Fisheries Act, the New Substance Notification Regulations, Transportation of Dangerous Goods, the Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System, the Ontario Environmental Protection Act, Ontario Air Regulations 419 127, Ontario Waste
Regulation 347, 3Rs Regulations, the Ontario Water Resources Act, municipal water by-laws and Municipal-Industrial Strategy for Abatement laws and the Ontario Regulation 63/95 for Effluent Monitoring and Effluent Limits - Organic
Chemical Manufacturing Sector law. These laws are constantly evolving, with a trend towards increasing stringency.
The ultimate impact of complying with existing laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable, because certain implementing regulations for some of the laws described above have not yet been promulgated or in certain instances are
undergoing revisions. These environmental laws and regulations could result in increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 11 
 Geographic Areas For a discussion of our consolidated net sales and long-lived assets based on geographic area please see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual
report. Available Information We maintain an Internet website at http://www.exopack.com. The information on our website does not constitute a part of this annual report and the reference to our website is intended as an
inactive textual reference only. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we
file this material with the SEC. We will also provide electronic or paper copies of our SEC filings free of charge upon request. 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS Our business operations and the implementation of our business strategy are subject to significant risks inherent in our business, including, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties described below. The occurrence of any one or more
of the risks or uncertainties described below could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are
not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, operations, industry, financial position and financial performance in the future. Because of the following risks and uncertainties, as well as other variables affecting
our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Our consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto and the other information contained in this annual report should be read in connection with the risk factors discussed below. Intense competition in the flexible packaging markets may adversely affect our operating results. The business of supplying flexible packaging products is extremely competitive. We face intense competition from many domestic and international competitors, some of which have extensive
production facilities, well developed sales and marketing staffs and greater financial resources than we have. Competitive products are also available from a number of local manufacturers specializing in the production of a limited group of
products, which they market nationally. This results in competition that is extremely price sensitive. We also compete on the basis of quality, service, timely delivery and differentiation of our products. This competition could result in additional
pricing pressures, reduced sales and lower margins. An increase in competition could result in material selling price reductions or loss of market share, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The profitability of our business depends on the price and availability of polyethylene resin and paper, two of our principal raw materials, and our
ability to pass on polyethylene resin and paper price increases to customers. The principal raw materials that
we use in the production of our products are polyethylene resin and paper. Our ability to operate profitably depends, in large part, on the price and availability for these raw materials. The price for polyethylene resin fluctuates substantially as
a result of changes in petroleum and natural gas prices, demand and the capacities of the companies that produce polyethylene resin to meet market needs. Prices for paper depend on the industry s capacity utilization and the costs of raw
materials. Historically, we have been able to relatively quickly pass through to our customers substantially all
increases and decreases in the cost of polyethylene resin and paper through contractual provisions and standard industry practice. If we are not able to promptly pass cost increases through in the future and there are substantial increases in
polyethylene resin or paper prices, our operating margins could be affected adversely. Furthermore, natural disasters such as hurricanes, in addition to terrorist activity and governmental regulation of environmental emissions, or a substantial
increase in oil or natural gas prices, may negatively impact the production or delivery capacity of our raw materials suppliers in the chemical and paper industries. This could result in increased raw material costs or supply shortages, which may
have a negative impact on our profitability if we are unable to pass along the increased costs in our selling prices or, in the case of a shortage, secure raw materials from alternative sources. Our business is affected by global economic factors including risks associated with a recession and our customers' access to credit. Our financial results are substantially dependent upon the overall economic conditions globally and in the locations where we do
business, including in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada. A recession in any of these locations or globally or public perceptions that result in declining economic conditions could substantially decrease the demand for our
products and adversely affect our business. Indeed, as a result of the economic downturn that commenced in late 2008 and continues through the date of this annual report, we have experienced decreased demand for some of our products. Moreover, many
of our customers rely on access to credit to fund their operations. The inability of our customers to access credit facilities may adversely affect our business by reducing our
sales, increasing our exposure to accounts receivable bad debts and reducing our profitability. 12 
 The current negative worldwide economic conditions and market instability also makes
it increasingly difficult for us, our customers and our suppliers to forecast demand trends. A continued decline in demand could place further financial pressure on our results of operations. The timing and extent of any changes to currently
prevailing market conditions is uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. As a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of business cycles or their effect on our financial condition or results of
operations, and can give no assurances as to the timing, extent or duration of the current or future business cycles. We are subject to
the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers. As a result of the current
economic downturn, some of our customers may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us when they become due and may initiate bankruptcy proceedings. Our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to eliminate customer credit risk. Our
customers may experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcies, restructurings and liquidations. These and other financial problems that may be experienced by our customers, as well as potential financial weakness in our industry and in the
economy generally may increase our risk in extending trade credit to customers. A significant adverse change in a customer relationship or in a customer's financial position could cause us to limit or discontinue business with that customer, require
us to assume more credit risk relating to that customer's receivables or limit our ability to collect accounts receivable from that customer, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity. Financial difficulties and related problems at our vendors, suppliers and other business partners could result
in a disruption to our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on numerous
vendors and suppliers and collaborations with other industry participants to provide us with polyethylene resin, paper, packaging materials and other raw materials, along with energy sources and, in certain cases, facilities, that we need to operate
our business. We believe that certain of our business partners may be experiencing or may experience cash flow problems, which could be further aggravated by recessionary industry conditions. Due to the current economic downturn, some of these
companies may be forced to reduce their output, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection. Financial difficulties or solvency problems at companies on which we rely could materially adversely affect their ability to provide us
with the raw materials, energy sources or facilities that we need, which could disrupt our operations, including the production of certain of our products. In addition, it could be difficult to find replacements for certain of our business partners
without incurring significant delays or cost increases. Fluctuations in the equity market will likely adversely affect our pension plan
assets and our future cash flows . In
connection with the Consolidation, we assumed certain pension assets and obligations of pension plans of Exopack, LLC, referred to in this annual report as the pension plans, as described in more detail in Note 5 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this annual report. The disruption in global credit and financial markets are likely to adversely affect the market value of our pension plan assets, which would likely increase our pension costs and cause a
corresponding decrease in our cash flow. Our pension costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income
investments. Accordingly, fluctuations in actual equity market returns as well as changes in general interest rates may result in increased or decreased pension costs in future periods. In addition, changes in assumptions regarding current discount
rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could also increase or decrease pension costs. We expect to make contributions of approximately 1.4 million to one of our pension plans in 2010. However, a decline in our pension plan assets as a
result of volatile equity market returns would significantly increase future minimum required pension contributions in 2011 and future years which would have an adverse impact on our cash flows and our availability under our Senior Credit Facility.
 Energy price increases could adversely affect the results of our operations. Our manufacturing operations require the use of substantial amounts of electricity and natural gas. Energy prices, in particular
prices relating to oil and natural gas, have been extremely volatile in recent years. Increases in oil and natural gas prices have a corresponding effect on our production costs. Higher energy costs may also indirectly affect our costs of operation
by increasing our costs for the raw materials that we use to manufacture our products. We must adapt to technological advances in the
packaging industry. We compete in an industry that requires advanced technology to deliver state-of-the-art
specialty packaging and coating solutions to customers whose packaging needs are constantly evolving. Our success may depend on our ability to adapt to technological changes in the industry. If we are unable to adapt to technological change, timely
develop and introduce new products, or enhance existing products in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements or demands, our business and results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to replace outdated technologies, replace them as quickly as our competitors or develop and market new and better products in the future. 13 
 We may be unable to protect our proprietary technology from infringement. We rely on a combination of patents and trademarks, licensing agreements and unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets
to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with customers, vendors, employees, consultants and potential acquisition candidates as necessary to protect our know-how, trade secrets
and other proprietary information. However, these measures and our patents and trademarks may not afford complete protection of our intellectual property, and it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary
information and technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. Our competitors may also independently develop equivalent or superior know-how, trade secrets or production methods. If we are unable to
maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies, our profit margins could be reduced as competitors imitating our products could compete aggressively against us in the pricing of certain products and our business, results of operations and
financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We are involved in litigation from time to time in the
ordinary course of our business to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, and third parties from time to time may initiate litigation against us asserting that our business infringes or violates their intellectual property rights. Our
intellectual property rights may not have the value that we believe them to have and our products may be found to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Further, we may not prevail in any such litigation and the results or costs
of any such litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business. Any litigation concerning intellectual property is inherently unpredictable, could be protracted and costly and could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations, regardless of its outcome. Our operations could expose us to substantial environmental costs and liabilities.
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, foreign, provincial and local laws and regulations that impose
limitations and prohibitions on the discharge and emission of, and establish standards for the use, disposal and management of, regulated materials and waste. These laws and regulations impose liability for the costs of investigation and clean-up
of, and damage resulting from, present and past spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous substances or materials. These domestic and international environmental laws can be complex and may change often. The compliance expenses can be
significant, and violations may result in substantial fines and penalties. In addition, environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, also known as Superfund, in
the United States, impose strict, and in some cases joint and several, liability on specified responsible parties for the investigation and cleanup of contaminated soil, groundwater and buildings, and liability for damages to natural resources at a
wide range of properties, sometimes without regard to fault. As a result, we may be liable for contamination at properties that we currently own or operate, as well as at our former properties or off-site properties where we may have sent hazardous
substances. As a manufacturer that uses and has used and generated large quantities of hazardous substances, we have an inherent risk of liability under environmental laws, both with respect to ongoing operations and with respect to known and
potential contamination related to our properties or as a result of our operations. We could, in the future, incur a material liability resulting from the costs of complying with environmental laws, environmental permits or any claims concerning
noncompliance, or liability from contamination. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations
will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted or what environmental conditions may be found to exist at our facilities or at third-party sites for which we are liable. Enactment of
stricter laws or regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws and regulations or the requirement to undertake the investigation or remediation of currently unknown environmental contamination at our own or third-party sites may require us
to make additional expenditures, some of which could be material. In addition, a number of governmental
authorities, both in the United States and abroad, have considered, or are expected to consider, legislation aimed at reducing the amount of plastic wastes. Programs have included, for example, mandating certain rates of recycling and/or the use of
recycled materials, imposing deposits or taxes on plastic packaging material and requiring retailers or manufacturers to take back packaging used for their products. Legislation, as well as voluntary initiatives similarly aimed at reducing the level
of plastic wastes, could reduce the demand for certain plastic packaging, result in greater costs for plastic packaging manufacturers or otherwise impact our business. Some consumer products companies, including some of our customers, have responded
to these governmental initiatives and to perceived environmental concerns of consumers by using containers made in whole or in part of recycled plastic. Future legislation and initiatives could adversely affect us in a manner that would be material.
 Although we believe we currently have sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to obtain funding if needed because of the deterioration
of the credit and capital markets. Global financial markets and economic conditions have been, and continue to
be, disrupted and volatile, which has caused a substantial deterioration in the credit and capital markets. In particular, the cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets has increased substantially while the availability of funds from those markets generally has diminished significantly. Also, as a result of concerns about the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of counterparties
specifically, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets generally has increased as many lenders and institutional investors have increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards, refused to refinance existing debt at maturity on
terms that are similar to existing debt, and reduced, or in some cases ceased, to provide funding to borrowers. 14 
 We do not currently believe that we have a need to obtain additional financing
beyond our current financing arrangements described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and
 Capital Resources. However, our need for additional financing may change at any time based on unexpected market conditions, unexpected actions by the lenders under our
Senior Credit Facility, changes to our growth strategy, or other factors. If the capital and credit markets continue to experience volatility and the availability of funds remains limited, our ability to obtain any such additional financing on
favorable terms, if at all, could be severely limited. Our inability to secure additional financing on favorable terms to us, or at all, in the event that we need to seek such financing would constrain our ability to operate or grow our business and
could require us to pursue actions that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are
subject to risks related to our international operations. We have manufacturing and distribution facilities in
Canada and the United Kingdom and a joint venture operation in the Middle East. Our international operations are subject to various risks that could have a material adverse effect on those operations, including, but not limited to, exposure to local
economic conditions over which we have no control and, currency exchange rate fluctuations, political instability and foreign laws, such as environmental and labor laws. We may, from time to time, experience problems in our labor relations. As of December 31, 2009, unions represented 322 of our employees, or approximately 13 of our consolidated workforce. At our Battle Creek, Michigan facility, 139 employees, including
production and maintenance employees, quality control inspectors and drivers, are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires on February 1, 2011. In our Tomah, Wisconsin facility, 113 employees are covered by a collective bargaining
agreement that expires on February 28, 2012. In our Matthews, North Carolina facility, 70 employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires on June 27, 2012. Our failure to renew these agreements on acceptable terms could
result in labor disruptions and increased labor costs, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, we may experience strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns in the future. Any such
events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Loss of third-party
transportation providers upon whom we depend or increases in fuel prices could increase our costs or cause a disruption in our operations. We depend upon third-party transportation providers to deliver our products to our customers. Strikes, slowdowns, transportation disruptions or other conditions in the transportation
industry, such as increases in fuel prices, could increase our costs and disrupt our operations and our ability to meet our customers timing requirements. Unexpected equipment failures may lead to production curtailments or shutdowns. Our manufacturing processes depend on critical pieces of equipment, which may, on occasion, be out of service as a result of unanticipated failures. Interruptions in our production
capabilities will inevitably increase our production costs and reduce our sales and earnings for the affected period. In addition to equipment failures, our facilities are subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events, such as
fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. Moreover, any interruption in production capability may require us to make significant capital expenditures, which could have a negative effect on our profitability and cash flows. We may also sustain
revenue losses in excess of any recoveries we make under any applicable business interruption insurance coverage we may have. In addition to such revenue losses, longer-term business disruption could result in a loss of customers, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. An affiliate of Sun Capital controls us and
may have conflicts of interest with us in the future. An affiliate of Sun Capital indirectly controls our sole
stockholder. Such affiliate of Sun Capital, therefore, has the power to take actions that affect us, including appointing management and approving mergers, a sale of substantially all of our assets and other extraordinary transactions. For example,
such affiliate of Sun Capital could cause us to make acquisitions that increase the amount of our indebtedness or to sell revenue-generating assets, impairing our ability to make payments under our debt agreements. Such affiliate of Sun Capital
could also receive certain fees in connection with such acquisitions and other corporate events under a management services agreement with us. Additionally, such affiliate of Sun Capital is in the business of making investments in companies and may,
from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Such affiliate of Sun Capital may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those
acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. 15 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and there can be no assurance that
we will be able to establish, maintain and apply effective internal control over financial reporting under applicable SEC rules promulgated under Section 404 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 we currently expect that we will have to obtain an annual
attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Our compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense, which may be higher than we
expect, and that we expend significant management efforts. The effectiveness of our controls and procedures may in the future be limited by a
variety of factors, including: faulty human judgment and simple errors, omissions or mistakes; fraudulent action of an individual or collusion of two or more people; inappropriate
management override of procedures; and the possibility that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and
accurate financial information. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be
material weaknesses, we may face restricted access to the capital markets and may be subject to sanctions. Loss of key individuals could
disrupt our operations and harm our business. Our success depends, in part, on the efforts of certain key
individuals and members of our senior management team, including Jack Knott, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or key employees could disrupt our operations and have a material
adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we do not carry key man life insurance coverage for our senior management. We
may be adversely affected by interest rate changes. Our financial position is affected, in part, by
fluctuations in interest rates. Borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility are subject to variable interest rates. Increased interest rates may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows by increasing the amount of interest expense that we are
obligated to pay on borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many
factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. A significant increase in interest rates could have a material adverse affect on our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. Numerous other factors over which we may have limited or no control may affect our
performance and profitability. Other factors that may influence our earnings include: legal and administrative
cases and proceedings (whether civil, such as environmental or product related, or criminal), settlements, judgments, and investigations; developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights and intellectual property
licenses; adoption of new, or changes in, accounting policies or practices and the application of such policies and practices; changes in business mix; customer and supplier business reorganizations or combinations; increase in cost of debt; ability
to retain adequate levels of insurance coverage at acceptable rates; fluctuations in pension and employee benefit costs; loss of significant contracts; risks and uncertainties relating to investment in development activities and new facilities;
timely development and successful market acceptance of new products; pricing of competitive products; disruptions in transportation networks; increased participation in potentially less stable emerging markets; reliability of utility services;
impact of computer viruses; general or specific economic conditions and the ability and willingness of purchasers to substitute other products for the products that we manufacture; financial condition and inventory strategies of customers and
suppliers; credit risks; changes in customer order patterns; employee work stoppages at plants; increased competition; changes in government regulations and the impact of changes in the world political environment, including the ability to estimate
the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on financial results; the impact of epidemiological events on the economy and on our customers and suppliers; and acts of war, terrorism, weather, and other natural disasters. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding Notes.
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2009, we had outstanding indebtedness of
 288.6 million, 220.0 million of which consisted of our outstanding 11.25 Senior Notes due 2014 (the Notes ), 68.6 million of which consisted of borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility, and less than 0.1 million of which consisted
of borrowings under a subordinated term loan. After consideration of 68.6 million of outstanding borrowings and outstanding letters of credit of 3.2 million under our 110.0 million Senior Credit Facility, we had an additional 25.1 million
available to be borrowed under our Senior Credit Facility as of December 31, 2009. 16 
 Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to holders of the Notes. For example, it could:
 limit our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our business and in our industry, which could make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions, including the current economic downturn, and adverse changes in government regulations; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the
Notes; make it more difficult for us to meet all of our obligations to creditors, who could then require us, among other things, to restructure our indebtedness, sell assets or raise additional debt or equity capital; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, which will reduce the availability of our cash flows to
fund acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes; limit our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our growth strategy or general corporate purposes; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have
less debt; and limit our ability to make future acquisitions. One or a combination of these factors could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the Notes. Despite current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the
risks described above. We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the
future. The terms of the indenture governing the Notes do not fully prohibit us or our subsidiaries from doing so. As of December 31, 2009, we had 25.1 million available to be borrowed under our Senior Credit Facility. If new debt is added to our
and our subsidiaries current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital
Resources Capital Resources. To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to
generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our
indebtedness, including the Notes, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and research and development efforts, will depend on our ability to generate cash. A number of factors that affect our ability to generate cash are beyond our control.
These factors include economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, such as changes in packaging designs, adverse weather conditions and acts of God, all of which are beyond our control. The current economic downturn
may present particular challenges in our ability to generate cash due, among other things, to decreased demand for our products. We may not successfully implement our business strategy and may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations to enable us to pay our indebtedness, including the Notes, or to fund our
other liquidity needs. If our future cash flows from operating activities and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to reduce or delay our business activities,
sell assets, obtain additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity. We may not be able to implement any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on
satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, including the Notes, may limit our ability to pursue any of these alternatives. The indenture governing the Notes and our Senior Credit Facility restricts our operations. The indenture governing the Notes restricts our ability to, among other things: sell or transfer assets and issue capital stock of restricted subsidiaries; incur
additional debt, incur liens or issue preferred stock; pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our stock or subordinated
indebtedness; make certain investments or acquisitions; enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and engage in certain transactions with subsidiaries and
affiliates. The indenture and our Senior Credit Facility also require us to comply with certain
covenants and financial conditions. These restrictions may limit our ability to obtain financing and may interfere with our ability to engage in other necessary or desirable business activities. 17 
 If we cannot comply with the requirements of our indenture or our Senior Credit
Facility, we may be required to repay immediately all of the outstanding debt under them. If our debt payments are accelerated, our assets might not be sufficient to fully repay our debt. Our lenders may require us to use all of our available cash
to repay our debt, foreclose upon their collateral or prevent us from making payments to other creditors on certain portions of our outstanding debt. We may not be able to obtain a waiver of these provisions or refinance our debt, if needed. In such a case, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would
suffer. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our corporate headquarters are located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. We operate 17 manufacturing facilities located throughout
the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. We operate four manufacturing facilities in the pet food and specialty packaging segment, all of which are owned properties. We operate five manufacturing facilities in the food and specialty
packaging segment, of which we lease one (our Ontario, Canada facility) and own the remaining four facilities. We operate six manufacturing facilities in the performance packaging segment, of which we lease two and own the remaining four
facilities. We operate two manufacturing facilities in the coated products segment, both of which we lease, including one manufacturing facility in North Wales, United Kingdom. We believe that our plants, which vary in size and age, are suitable for our operations and believe our manufacturing facilities
have sufficient capacity to meet our production needs for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we are party to various disputes and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, none of which are expected to have a material adverse effect on our
Company. ITEM 4. [RESERVED] PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock is privately held and there is no established public trading market for our common stock. As of the date of this filing, we had one share of common stock outstanding, which
is held by Exopack Key Holdings, LLC. On January 31, 2006, we completed an unregistered private offering of 220.0
million aggregate principal amount of 11.25 Senior Notes due 2014. Pursuant to an exchange offer in December 2006, we exchanged all of the 11.25 Senior Notes for 11.25 Senior Notes registered under the Securities Act (the Notes ). The
indenture governing the Notes and our Senior Credit Facility impose restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and we have not paid any dividends to our sole stockholder during either of the years ended December 31, 2009 or December 31, 2008. See
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for a
description of restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following tables set forth selected financial data as of and for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
period from July 15, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005. The selected financial data as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 and for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, have been derived from our
audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in this annual report and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, such audited consolidated financial statements. The selected financial
data as of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and for the year ended December 31, 2006 and for the period from July 15, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005 have been derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements, which are not included in this annual report. The financial data presented herein as of and
for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006, as of December 31, 2005 and for the period from July 15, 2005 to December 31, 2005 (collectively, the Successor period) consists of our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows reflecting Cello-Foil operations subsequent to the acquisition of Cello-Foil on July 14, 2005, TPG operations subsequent to the acquisition of TPG on September 7, 2005 and Exopack operations subsequent to the acquisition of Exopack on
October 13, 2005. The financial data for the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005 (the Predecessor period) consists only of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Cello-Foil for such period. 18 

July 15, 

January 1, 

2005 

2005 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

to 

to 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

July 14, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2005 

(Successor) 

(Predecessor) 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data: 

Net sales 

673,733 

781,732 

676,073 

655,423 

163,385 

37,125 

Cost of sales 

596,764 

699,524 

603,675 

583,346 

149,085 

32,687 

Gross profit 

76,969 

82,208 

72,398 

72,077 

14,300 

4,438 

Operating expenses (1) 

55,894 

57,179 

49,508 

48,024 

12,886 

9,770 

Operating income (loss) 

21,075 

25,029 

22,890 

24,053 

1,414 

(5,332) 
 
 Interest expense (income) 

28,592 

30,991 

28,884 

27,262 

5,833 

(134) 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (2) 

- 

- 

- 

4,002 

- 

- 

Other expense (income), net (3) 

(468) 

1,371 

(1,548) 

27 

(65) 
 
 (19) 
 
 Net other expense (income) 

28,124 

32,362 

27,336 

31,291 

5,768 

(153) 
 
 Loss before income taxes 

(7,049) 

(7,333) 

(4,446) 

(7,238) 

(4,354) 
 
 (5,179) 
 
 Benefit from income taxes 

(1,114) 

(1,215) 

(541) 

(2,347) 

(1,546) 
 
 (1,723) 
 
 Net loss 

(5,935) 

(6,118) 

(3,905) 

(4,891) 

(2,808) 
 
 (3,456) 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities (4) 

25,978 

12,959 

12,809 

9,671 

23,181 

12,377 

Inves ting activities (5) 

(19,740) 

(19,026) 

(71,786) 

(17,481) 

(307,066) 
 
 (509) 
 
 Financing activities (6) 

(6,921) 

5,149 

59,388 

(694) 

292,786 

(10,715) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

26,421 

19,149 

23,244 

17,454 

4,212 

544 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (at period end): 

Cash 

633 

1,712 

1,308 

485 

8,887 

Na 

Working Capital (7) 

1,299 

4,600 

5,923 

51,418 

79,404 

Na 

Property, plant, and equipment 

174,055 

173,757 

186,393 

145,772 

141,141 

Na 

Total assets (8) 

481,464 

498,632 

519,109 

451,129 

444,671 

Na 

Long term debt, less current portion 

220,034 

220,082 

220,130 

220,177 

236,647 

Na 

Total debt 

288,637 

294,574 

291,057 

230,249 

236,656 

Na 

Stockholder's equity 

44,499 

42,732 

65,008 

65,957 

54,060 

Na 

Other Data: 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges (9) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 
 Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2009 included 3.3 million in incentive bonus related to our management incentive program, 3.1
million in severance costs, and approximately 831,000 related to the closure of one of our Canadian facilities. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2008 included 3.4 million in start-up and transition costs related to the EEF and
EPF Acquisitions, 8.5 million in other selling, general and administrative expenses due to a full year of EEF and EPF operations in 2008, 2.0 million in severance costs, and approximately 567,000 related to a lease obligation to consolidate
operations at one of our Canadian facilities. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2007 included 1.3 million of accelerated amortization related to the reduction of the useful life of the Cello-Foil trademark and trade name, 1.3
million (excluding certain severance charges included in severance costs below) related to costs associated with continued efforts to combine and streamline certain operations of our food and specialty packaging Canadian facilities, 2.0 million in
severance costs, 1.5 million in start-up and transition expenses related to the EEF and EPF Acquisitions and 2.6 million in other selling, general and administrative costs related to the EEF and EPF Acquisitions. During the period from January 1,
2005 to July 14, 2005, operating expenses include charges of 6.3 million related to the change in control of Cello-Foil. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents a charge to earnings during the year ended December 31, 2006 to write-off the deferred financing costs related to our former senior credit
facility and subordinated term loans. This debt was refinanced in January 2006. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes primarily 432,000 in exchange gains related to an intercompany note with our United Kingdom operations as a result of the strengthening of
the British pound against the U.S. dollar during the year ended December 31, 2009. Includes primarily 1.7 million in exchange loss related to an intercompany note with our United Kingdom operations as a result of the weakening of the British pound
against the U.S. dollar during the year ended December 31, 2008. Includes primarily 1.8 million in proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2007 from the settlement of a business interruption insurance claim related to the 2005
hurricane season. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes primarily a decrease in receivables and inventory, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for the year
ended December 31, 2009. Includes primarily an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for the period July 15, 2005 through December 31, 2005. Includes primarily 11.3 million of cash provided by the maturities or sales of trading
investment securities during the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes primarily 26.4 million related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment partially offset by 7.1 million in proceeds from sales of
property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2009. Includes primarily 19.1 million related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2008. Includes primarily the acquisition costs of EAC and EPF, totaling 48.9 million and 23.2
million related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2007. Includes primarily the acquisition costs of Cello-Foil, TPG and Exopack, net of cash acquired, totaling 306.2 million during the period from July
15, 2005 to December 31, 2005. During the year ended December 31, 2006, an additional 346,000 of acquisition costs was paid, an additional 6.2 million had been estimated to be payable to the former shareholders of Exopack under tax-related
provisions contained in the Exopack purchase agreement, and the amount estimated to be payable to the former shareholders of Cello-Foil under tax-related provisions contained in the Cello- Foil purchase agreement was reduced by 163,000, resulting
in a total cost of the acquired companies of 312.6 million. 19 

(6) 
 Includes approximately 6.9 million related to repayments under our Senior Credit Facility for the year ended December 31, 2009 (excluding the impact
of foreign currency fluctuations). Includes approximately 5.4 million related to borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility for the year ended December 31, 2008 (excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations). 

Includes approximately 48.9 million related to borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility to fund the 2007 Acquisitions for the year ended December
31, 2007. Includes primarily borrowings of 236.6 million under our former senior credit facility and subordinated term loans and paid in capital of 57.0 million from our parent in connection with the acquisitions during the period from July 15,
2005 to December 31, 2005. Includes payment of 10.7 million of dividends to Cello-Foil s former stockholders during the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005. 
 
 (7) 
 Significant decrease in 2007 primarily the result of borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility to fund the 2007 Acquisitions. 

(8) 
 Total assets decreased in 2009 due to reductions in accounts receivables and inventory, primarily as a result of reduced sales volume. Total assets
of our foreign subsidiaries were reported at lower amounts at December 31, 2008 due to the weakening of the British pound and Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. Total assets increased significantly in 2007 due to the 2007 Acquisitions.

(9) 
 Loss used in computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges consists of loss before income taxes plus fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of
interest expense on debt, the amortization of deferred financing costs, and the portion of rental expense that management believes is representative of the interest component of rental expense. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007,
2006, the period from July 15, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005, our earnings were insufficient to cover our fixed charges by 7.0 million, 7.3 million, 4.4 million, 7.2 million and 4.4 million and 5.2 million, respectively. 

(Na) Not applicable. ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read together with our
consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, included elsewhere in this annual report. We
generate revenues, earnings and cash flows from the sale of flexible packaging and films products primarily in the United States, Canada, and Europe. Management views net sales and operating income as the primary indicators of our financial
performance. Transactions Relating to Our Formation Between July and October of 2005, Sun Capital, through an affiliate, sponsored a series of transactions involving three flexible packaging businesses consisting of Cello-Foil, TPG and
Exopack that resulted in the ultimate formation of our Company. On July 14, 2005, in accordance with a stock purchase agreement entered into on June 10, 2005, Cello-Foil Holding Corp., an affiliate of Sun Capital, acquired all of the outstanding
capital stock of Cello-Foil for 35.5 million, net of cash acquired. On September 7, 2005, in accordance with an asset purchase agreement entered into on August 19, 2005, Cello-Foil Holding Corp. acquired certain assets of TPG for 12.5 million, net
of cash acquired. Pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement, Cello-Foil Holding Corp. purchased all of the Concord, Ontario and Corona, California assets used in the conduct of TPG s flexible packaging business. As a result of these
two transactions, Cello-Foil Holding Corp. became the parent of both Cello-Foil and TPG. On October 13, 2005, in accordance with the terms of a merger agreement entered into on October 5, 2005, an affiliate of Sun Capital acquired Exopack for 264.6
million, net of cash acquired, and Exopack became our wholly-owned subsidiary. Concurrently with our acquisition of Exopack, Cello-Foil Holding Corp. became our wholly-owned subsidiary, and we refinanced the then outstanding indebtedness of Exopack,
Cello-Foil and TPG. We refer to our acquisitions of Exopack, Cello-Foil and TPG as the Consolidation. The net cost of the Consolidation and related transactions, including the refinancing of Exopack, Cello-Foil and TPG debt and the
payment of related fees, commissions and expenses, was approximately 312.6 million, net of cash acquired. 2007
Acquisitions On August 6, 2007, we acquired 100 of the membership interests of Intelicoat Technologies Image
Products Matthews, LLC and 100 of the outstanding shares of its affiliate, Intelicoat Technologies EF Holdco, Ltd. (collectively, the Electronic and Engineered Films Business, or EEF ), and also acquired certain assets and
assumed certain liabilities of other EEF entities (the EEF Acquisition ). We financed the EEF Acquisition primarily through borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility (further described in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report). EEF, through its parent companies prior to the EEF Acquisition, was previously controlled by
an affiliate of Sun Capital. 20 
 We subsequently renamed this acquired EEF business Exopack Advanced Coatings EAC ). EAC is engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling precision coated films and specialty substrates for imaging, electronics, medical and optical technologies. EAC conducts its operations
from our locations in the state of North Carolina and in North Wales, United Kingdom. On November 28, 2007, we
acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of DuPont Liquid Packaging System Inc. s performance films business segment Liqui-Box ), including its Whitby, Ontario, Canada operating facility (the EPF
Acquisition ). There was no material relationship between our Company and Liqui-Box prior to the commencement of matters relating to the EPF Acquisition. We subsequently renamed the acquired Liqui-Box business Exopack Performance Films EPF ). EPF is engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and
selling value-added films used primarily in the food and industrial markets. Reportable Segments Through 2007, we reported in two operating segments; however, as a result of the 2007 acquisitions of EAC and EPF being
integrated during 2008, we began reporting in three segments effective October 1, 2008. Effective July 1, 2009, we implemented an internal organizational change to move from a concentration on product lines to a concentration on markets. As a result
of this change, we reassessed our segment reporting in the third quarter of 2009 and determined that our operations consist of four reportable segments: (i) pet food and specialty packaging, (ii) food and specialty packaging, (iii) performance
packaging and (iv) coated products. The pet food and specialty packaging segment produces products used in applications such as pet food, lawn and garden, charcoal, and popcorn packaging. The food and specialty packaging segment produces products
used in applications such as beverages, personal care, frozen foods, confectionary, breakfast foods, and films. The performance packaging segment produces products used in applications such as building materials, chemicals, agricultural products and
food ingredient packaging. The coated products segment produces precision coated films and specialty substrates for imaging, electronics, medical and optical technologies. We evaluate segment performance based on operating income or loss. Segment
data for prior periods have been restated to conform to this change. Severance Expenses During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we terminated certain employees and eliminated their positions. During the
fourth quarter of 2009 we extended a voluntary early retirement option to certain salaried employees and a voluntary separation option to certain hourly employees at one of our food and specialty packaging segment facilities. In connection with
these terminations we recorded employee termination costs of approximately 3.1 million (excluding severance costs associated with the closure of a facility discussed below) and 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively, which were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this annual report. Of the approximately 873,000 in severance accrued at December 31,
2008 and approximately 3.1 million in costs incurred in 2009, of which approximately 2.3 million was incurred during the fourth quarter of 2009, we paid approximately 2.0 million through December 31, 2009, so that approximately 2.0 million
remained accrued for employee termination benefits at December 31, 2009, which will be paid in 2010. Exit and Disposal
Activities In accordance with FASB guidance related to accounting for costs associated with exit and disposal
activities, we recognize a liability for exit or disposal activities when the related costs are incurred. During
the year ended December 31, 2008, we consolidated the operations of one of our Canadian food and specialty packaging facilities from two buildings to one building. In conjunction with the consolidation and subsequent sublease of the building to a
third party, we recorded a discounted lease obligation of approximately 567,000 during the year ended December 31, 2008. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2008 included elsewhere in this report. There were no exit costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2009 related to this facility. We remain obligated to make payments under a facility lease
through August 2015 and, in April 2009, we began receiving sublease income to help mitigate the cost of the remaining lease obligation. The remaining lease obligation related to this facility of approximately 543,000 is reflected in our
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009 included elsewhere in this annual report. During the year ended
December 31, 2007, we ceased using a significant portion of one of our leased Canadian food and specialty packaging facilities and recorded a charge to pre-tax earnings of approximately 699,000 for the pro-rata portion of the remaining lease
payments to be made through the lease term ending December 2009 for the unused area of the facility. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2007 included elsewhere in this annual report. We did not renew the lease on this facility upon its expiration in December of 2009 and there was no remaining lease
obligation related to this facility as of December 31, 2009. There were no exit costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2008 related to this facility. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded 831,000 in closure costs, of which
 378,000 was recorded in the fourth quarter, including 404,000 in severance costs related to the closure of this facility and this charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2009 included elsewhere in this annual report. The remaining severance liability related to this closed facility of approximately 122,000 is reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2009 included elsewhere in this annual report. 21 
 In August 2006, we ceased production at the pouch production facility of one of our
food and specialty packaging operations and transferred pouch production and certain assets of this facility to other facilities. We remain obligated to make payments under a facility lease through June 2010 and we executed a sublease in August of
2008 to sublet the facility to help mitigate the cost of the remaining lease obligation. During the year ended December 31, 2008 we increased our future lease obligation by approximately 209,000 with a corresponding charge to pre-tax earnings, as a
result of changing the previously estimated sublease income to correspond with the actual sublease. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2008, included elsewhere in this report. There were no exit costs related to this facility as of December 31, 2009. The remaining lease obligation related to this facility of approximately 15 2 ,000 is reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009 included elsewhere in this annual report. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates, including
those related to the estimate of uncollectible accounts receivable, the estimate of reserve for shipments on FOB destination shipping terms, and the estimate of excess and obsolete inventories. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the
following accounting policies and estimates are critical to understanding our results and affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements: Revenue Recognition . We recognize sales
revenue when all of the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, delivery has occurred, our price to the buyer is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Sales and related cost of sales are
principally recognized upon transfer of title to the customer, which generally occurs upon shipment of products. Our stated shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point, unless otherwise noted in the customer contract. Sales to certain customers
are on consignment and revenue is recognized when the customer uses the products. Provisions for estimated returns and allowances and customer rebates are recorded when the related products are sold. Accounts Receivable . Accounts receivable
are stated net of the reserves for uncollectible accounts receivable. The estimated reserve for uncollectible accounts receivable is calculated based upon an analysis of all accounts receivable greater than 90 days past due, consideration of
customers experiencing financial difficulty, historical loss experience and other factors, such as estimated returns and discounts and allowances. Inventories . At December 31, 2009 and 2008, inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with
cost determined on the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Inventories are stated net of the reserve for excess and obsolete inventories. The estimated reserve for excess and obsolete inventories is calculated based on an analysis of all
inventory aged greater than one year and other specifically identified excess or obsolete inventories. Self-Insurance Reserves . The reserves for self-insurance of medical and workers compensation claims are estimated by considering a number of factors, including
historical experience and claims development under third-party claims administration. Pension and
Postretirement Benefit Obligations . We account for our defined benefit pension plans in accordance with FASB guidance related to employer s accounting for pensions,
which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. This FASB guidance requires us to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of the pension plans on our consolidated balance sheet included in
our consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this annual report. The actuarial valuations employ key assumptions, which are particularly important when determining our projected liabilities for pension and other postretirement
benefits. In connection with the Consolidation, we assumed the pension assets and obligations of the Retirement
Plan of Exopack, LLC (the Retirement Plan and the pension obligations of the Exopack, LLC Pension Restoration Plan for Salaried Employees (the Restoration Plan (collectively , the Pension Plans We also assumed
certain obligations for healthcare benefits previously provided by Exopack, LLC, on a restricted basis, to certain employees pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement, which we refer to as the postretirement plan or the postretirement benefit plan. These pension and postretirement plans are described in more detail in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this annual report. 22 
 Key actuarial assumptions used in determining the projected benefit obligation, the
accumulated benefit obligation, and net periodic benefit cost (income) for pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the year ended December 31, 2009 included: a discount rate of 5.9 to determine benefit obligations and a 6.1 rate to
determine net periodic benefit cost (income), an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 8.0 and a health care cost trend rate beginning at 8.5 and grading uniformly to 5.0 over an eight-year period. Actuarial assumptions used for the
year ended December 31, 2008 included: a discount rate of 6.1 to determine benefit obligations and a 6.0 rate to determine net periodic benefit cost (income), an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 8.0 and a health care cost trend
rate beginning at 8.5 and grading uniformly to 5.0 over an eight-year period. We set our discount rate annually
in relationship to movements in published benchmark rates to match the timing of our benefit payments. The expected long-term rate of return assumption is based on our targeted asset allocation percentages, historical plan return performance and
expected future returns. The ultimate health care cost trend rate of 5 represents our best estimate of the long-term average annual health care cost increase over the duration of the plan s liabilities. The allocation, by asset category, of assets of the Retirement Plan at December 31, 2009 was 70 equity securities and 30 fixed
income securities. The allocation of assets at December 31, 2008 was 58 equity securities and 42 fixed income securities. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we had total pension and postretirement expense of 1.2 million, which includes interest expense of 3.2 million at the assumed rate of 6.1 ,
amortization of net actuarial losses of 653,000 and 2.7 million of expected returns on plan assets at the assumed rate of 8.0 . During the year ended December 31, 2008, we had total pension and postretirement income of 527,000, which includes interest expense of 3.1 million, at the assumed rate of 6.0 , and 3.7 million of expected returns on plan assets at the assumed rate of 8.0 . During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we made
contributions of 1.2 million and 1.5 million, respectively, to the Retirement Plan. Other than company contributions to fund benefit payments, no contributions were made to fund the postretirement benefit obligation during the years ended December
31, 2009 and 2008. We expect to make contributions of approximately 1.4 million to the Retirement Plan in 2010. Unrecognized net actuarial losses were approximately 105,000 and 673,000 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and are primarily the result of decreases in the discount rates due
to decreased market interest rates in 2009 and 2008. The amortization period for unrecognized losses/gains is approximately 10 years for the portion outside the 10 corridor at December 31, 2009 as defined by FASB guidance related to employer s
accounting for pensions. The projected liability of these plans will be affected by assumptions regarding
inflation, investment returns, market interest rates, changes in the number of plan participants and changes in the benefit obligations, and laws and regulations pertaining to benefit obligations. We annually reevaluate assumptions used in
projecting the pension and postretirement liabilities and associated expense (income). These judgments, assumptions and estimates may affect the carrying value of pension plan assets and pension plan and postretirement plan liabilities and pension
and postretirement plan expense (income) in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. At December 31, 2009, the fair value of the assets of the Pension Plans was 42.2 million, up from 33.5 million at December 31, 2008. The significant increase was mainly due to the rebound in global stock prices that occurred during 2009.
Our minimum required contributions to our pension plans for fiscal year 2011 and thereafter may increase or decrease depending on volatility with respect to future global stock market valuations. Based on current global stock market valuations, we expect to incur net periodic benefit costs of approximately 580,000 in
2010. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional
information on our pension and postretirement plans. Recovery of Long-Lived Assets. We review long-lived assets (including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
such long-lived assets may not be fully recoverable by undiscounted cash flows. Measurement of the impairment loss, if any, is based on the estimated fair value of the asset, which is generally determined by the discounting of future estimated cash
flows, or in the case of real estate, determining market value. We evaluate the recovery of our long-lived assets by analyzing operating results and considering significant events or changes in the business environment that may have triggered
impairment. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information on our review of long-lived assets. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net
assets acquired in business combinations. Under FASB guidance related to goodwill and other intangible assets, we do not amortize goodwill, but we review our goodwill balance for impairment at least once a year during the fourth quarter, or whenever
events happen or circumstances change that would make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred . This review is conducted using business valuation methods
required by the FASB guidance. These methods include the use of a weighted average cost of capital to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows of our reporting units. We have determined that we consist of four reporting
units for the purpose of the goodwill impairment test under the FASB guidance. Future changes in the cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other factors may cause our goodwill and/or other intangible assets to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash
charge against results of operations to write down these assets for the amount of impairment. If a significant write down is required, the charge would have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net worth. 23 
 Intangible Assets. Contractual or separable intangible assets that have finite useful lives are being amortized against income using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 10 to 15
years. The straight-line method of amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the costs of the intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount of economic benefits obtained by us in each reporting period. We test finite-lived
assets for impairment whenever there is an impairment indicator and indefinite lived assets for impairment on an annual basis. Finite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing anticipated related undiscounted future cash flows
from operations to the carrying value of the asset. Indefinite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the asset utilizing discounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset. 
 Income Taxes . Income taxes are
recorded under the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We do not
currently intend to repatriate earnings, if any, from foreign jurisdictions, and consider these earnings to be permanently invested overseas, and as a result, no deferred tax liability has been recognized associated with these earnings. It is not
currently practicable to estimate the income tax liability that might be incurred if such earnings were repatriated. See Notes 2 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information on our income taxes. 24 
 Results of Operations The following presents an overview of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the year ended December 31, 2008, and for the year ended December 31, 2008
compared to the year ended December 31, 2007. Year Ended December 31, 2009 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2008 

Y e ar Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2009 

December 31, 2008 

of Net Sales 

of Net Sales 

Statement of Operations Data: 
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Net sales 

673,733 

100.0 

781,732 

100.0 

Cost of sales 

596,764 

88.6 

699,524 

89.5 

Selling, general and admin i strative expenses 

55,894 

8.3 

57,179 

7.3 

Interest expense 

28,592 

4.2 

30,991 

4.0 

Other (income) expense, net 

(468) 
 
 -0.1 

1,371 

0.2 

Loss before income taxes 

(7,049) 
 
 -1.0 

(7,333) 
 
 -0.9 

Benefit from income taxes 

(1,114) 
 
 -0.1 

(1,215) 
 
 -0.1 

Net loss 

(5,935) 
 
 -0.9 

(6,118) 
 
 -0.8 
 
 Net Sales. Net sales for the year ended
December 31, 2009 decreased by 108.0 million or approximately 13.8 compared with the same period in 2008. This decrease in net sales from 2008 is largely attributable to a decrease in total sales volume of 12 , primarily related to unfavorable
economic conditions in several markets, especially in the building materials market, lower sales in the pet food market due to pet food customers launching new products and using up existing stock supplies, decreased pricing of 2 primarily driven
by lower resin costs that were passed on to customers (see cost of sales discussion below) and unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. Cost of Sales. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased by 102.8 million, or
approximately 14.7 , over the same period in 2008. Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales decreased to 88.6 of net sales, or 596.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, as compared with 89.5 of net sales, or 699.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2008. This decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to improved material margins due to decreased resin costs as compared to the same period in 2008. Resin prices experienced
significant volatility during 2008 as evidenced by an increase of approximately 0.18/lb during the period from April 2008 through August 2008, followed by a decline of approximately 0.48/lb during the period from September 2008 through December
2008. Resin prices experienced an increase of approximately 0.17/lb during the period from January 2009 through December 2009, though the increase was not as significant and did not occur as quickly as resin prices came down in the latter part of
2008. We typically experience a lag in time before we can pass any raw material increases or decreases on to our customers, and accordingly, at the end of 2008, we had not realized the full benefit of the resin price decreases because higher priced
resins remained in our inventory. During the first quarter of 2009, we were able to fully realize the benefit of these price decreases. Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses. SG A expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2009 decreased 1.3 million, or approximately 2.2 compared to the same period in 2008. The decrease in SG A expense was largely due to a decrease of 3.2 million in startup and transition costs related to EAC and EPF, a decrease of
approximately 675,000 in travel and entertainment expenses, a decrease of approximately 637,000 in bad debt expense, a decrease of approximately 473,000 in loss on sales and dispositions of property, plant and equipment, a decrease of 600,000
related to the consolidation of one of our Canadian facilities from two buildings to one, a decrease in customer commissions of 401,000 due to the reduction in sales, a decrease of 268,000 in amortization related to the write down of two patents
in 2008 and a patent that became fully amortized during 2009, a decrease of 209,000 related exit costs at of one of our domestic pouch facilities, and other lesser decreases totaling 1.0 million across several cost categories. These decreased
expenses were partially offset by an increase in salaries and benefits of 2.5 million, primarily attributable to increased incentive compensation under our management incentive program, an increase of 1.6 million in professional fees, primarily
related to process improvement consulting incurred in the fourth quarter of 2009, an increase of 1.1 million in severance, an increase of 831,000 related to the closure of one of our Canadian facilities, and other lesser increases totaling
approximately 195,000. Interest Expense . Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased 2.4 million or approximately 7.7 compared to the same period in 2008 primarily due to a reduction in average borrowings
during the period as well as a reduction in the average interest rate under our Senior Credit Facility. 25 
 Other (Income) Expense. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2009 increased by approximately 1.8 million compared to the same period in 2008. Other income is comprised primarily of foreign exchange gains
and losses related to our Canadian and United Kingdom operations. The increase in other income is primarily due to an exchange gain recorded on our intercompany note with our United Kingdom operations during the year ended December 31, 2009 as a
result of the overall strengthening of the British pound against the United States dollar compared to an exchange loss on our intercompany note with our United Kingdom operations for the year ended December 31, 2008 as a result of the overall
weakening of the British pound against the United States dollar. Income Tax (Benefit) Expense.
 Income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2009 resulted from a loss before income taxes of 7.0 million. Income tax benefit for the prior year period resulted from
a loss before income taxes of 7.3 million. The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 were 16 and 17 , respectively, and these rates reflect certain foreign losses which we do not believe will result in a tax benefit.
The jurisdictions in which earnings or deductions are realized may differ from our current estimates. Reportable Segments. The pet food and specialty packaging segment had net sales of approximately 233.2 million and 267.5 million, and operating income of
approximately 26.1 million and 27.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decrease in net sales was primarily volume driven as well as due to certain customers in the pet food market launching new products and
working through existing stock inventories. The decrease in operating income was due to the impact from lower volumes, increased incentive compensation under our management incentive program and the decrease in net sales, partially offset by
improved operational efficiencies, such as higher productivity and lower waste. The food and specialty packaging
segment had net sales of approximately 211.1 million and 236.2 million, and operating income of 4.2 million and 2.7 million, for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decrease in net sales was due primarily to a 7 
decrease in average selling price resulting from the contractual pass through of resin price decreases in the first six months of 2009, a 4 decrease in sales volume, and to a lesser extent the impact of unfavorable exchange rates. The increase in
operating income was due to improved material margins due to decreased resin costs as compared to 2008. Resin prices experienced volatility during 2008 as evidenced by an increase of approximately 0.18/lb during the period from April 2008 through
August 2008, followed by a decline of approximately 0.48/lb during the period from September 2008 through December 3008. Resin prices experienced an increase of approximately 0.17/lb during the period from January 2009 through December 2009,
though the increase was not as significant and did not occur as quickly as resin prices came down in the latter part of 2008. We typically experience a lag in time before we can pass any raw material increases or decreases on to our customers, and
accordingly, at the end of 2008, we had not realized the full benefit of the resin price decreases because higher priced resins remained in our inventory. During the first quarter of 2009, we were able to fully realize the benefit of these price
decreases. The increase in operating income period over period was also due, to a lesser extent, to improved operational efficiencies, such as higher productivity and lower waste, partially offset by increases incentive compensation under our
management incentive program. The performance packaging segment had net sales of 163.6 million and 202.2
million, and operating income of 9.9 million and 13.2 million, for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decrease in net sales was largely comprised of a 15 decrease in volume primarily due to unfavorable economic
conditions in the building materials market and to a lesser extent a decrease in selling price of 4 resulting from the contractual pass through of resin price decreases. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to the decrease in sales.
 The coated products segment had net sales of 65.8 million and 75.8 million, and operating income of 5.5
million and 6.0 million, for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decrease in net sales was primarily a result of ongoing unfavorable economic conditions and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates. The decrease in
operating income of approximately 458,000 was primarily due to reduced sales and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by reduced selling, general and administrative expenses. Corporate operating loss, which includes certain unallocated corporate costs, increased to 24.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2009 as compared to 24.1 million for same period in 2008. This increase in corporate operating loss is largely the result of increased incentive compensation under our management incentive program, increased professional services,
primarily related to process improvement consulting and increased severance, partially offset by reduced startup and transition costs related to EAC and EPF, decreased exit activity costs and favorable bad debt expense. See Note 11 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for further discussion of segment data. 26 
 Year Ended December 31, 2008 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2007 

Y e ar Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 200 8 

December 31, 200 7 

of Net Sales 

of Net Sales 

Statement of Operations Data: 
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Net sales 

781,732 

100.0 

676,073 

100.0 

Cost of sales 

699,524 

89.5 

603,675 

89. 3 

Selling, general and adminstrative expenses 

57,179 

7.3 

49,508 

7.3 

Interest expense 

30,991 

4.0 

28,884 

4.3 

Other expense (income), net 

1,371 

- 0.2 

(1,548) 
 
 -0.2 

Loss before income taxes 

(7, 333) 
 
 -0.9 

4,446) 
 
 -0.7 

Benefit from income taxes 

(1,215) 
 
 -0.1 

541) 
 
 -0.1 

Net loss 

6,118) 
 
 -0.8 

3,905) 
 
 -0.6 
 
 Net Sales. Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2008 increased by 105.7 million or approximately
15.6 compared with the same period in 2007. This increase is primarily attributable to net sales related to the 2007 Acquisitions. Excluding the effect of the 2007 Acquisitions from both 2008 and 2007, net sales increased approximately 1.9
million, or 0.3 for the year ended December 31, 2008, due primarily to increases in average selling prices in the pet food and specialty packaging, food and specialty packaging and performance packaging segments, partially offset by decreases in
volume in all three segments as a result of the ongoing unfavorable economic conditions, especially in the building materials market. 
 Cost of Sales. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2008 increased by 95.8 million, or
approximately 15.9 , over the same period in 2007. This increase was primarily due to cost of sales related to the 2007 Acquisitions. Excluding the effect of the 2007 Acquisitions, cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased to 90 of net
sales, or 577.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2008 as compared to 89 of net sales, or 573.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. This increase in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to increased resin
costs as compared to the same period in 2007. Resin prices experienced significant volatility during 2008 as evidenced by an increase of approximately 0.18/lb during the period from April 2008 through August 2008, followed by a decline of
approximately 0.48/lb during the period from September 2008 through December 2008. We typically experience a lag in time before we can pass any raw material increases or decreases on to our customers. Accordingly, we were not able to pass early
increases in resin costs on to our customers until late in 2008. In addition, we did not pass the full amount of the later decreases in resin costs on to our customers before the end of 2008. As of the end of 2008, we had not realized the full
benefit of such resin price decreases because lower priced resins remained in our inventory. Selling,
General and Administrative SG A Expenses. SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2008 increased 7.7 million, or approximately 15.5 compared
to the same period in 2007. Excluding the 7.7 million increase to SG A relating to the 2007 Acquisitions, SG A expenses remained approximately the same as in the prior year. Fluctuations in SG A during the year, which largely offset
each other, were comprised of the following: an increase of 1.1 million related to the consolidation of operations at one of our Canadian facilities 567,000 of which is related to a lease obligation due to the consolidation from two facilities to
one facility), an increase in stock compensation expense of 439,000, an increase in management fees paid to Sun Capital of 338,000, an increase in professional services related to Sarbanes-Oxley compliance of 250,000, an increase in IT
maintenance contract expense of 222,000, and other lesser increases totaling 337,000 across several cost categories. These increases were largely offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization of 1.1 million driven primarily by a decrease
in accelerated amortization related to the reduction of intangible asset useful life, a 699,000 decrease in exit costs at one of our Canadian facilities, a 618,000 decrease in exit costs at one of our domestic pouch facilities and a 334,000
decrease in travel and entertainment costs. Interest Expense . Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2008 increased 2.1 million or approximately 7.3 compared to the same period in 2007. This increase was primarily due to an increase in
the average balance outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility which we drew on to complete the 2007 Acquisitions, and was partially offset by a reduction in the average interest rate on our Senior Credit Facility. Other Expense (Income). Other expense for
the year ended December 31, 2008 increased by approximately 2.9 million compared to the same period in 2007. Other expense for 2008 was comprised primarily of foreign currency exchange losses. The increase in other expense during the year ended
December 31, 2008 was primarily due to the 1.8 million in net insurance proceeds received in the prior year and approximately 1.5 million in increased total exchange losses related to our Canadian and United Kingdom operations, including an
exchange loss on our intercompany note with our United Kingdom operations, as a result of the weakening British pound and Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar, partially offset by an increase in miscellaneous income of 374,000. Income Tax Expense. Income tax benefit
for the year ended December 31, 2008 resulted from a loss before income taxes of 7.3 million. Income tax benefit for the prior year period resulted from a loss before income taxes of 4.4 million. The effective tax rates for the years ended
December 31, 2008 and 2007 were 17 and 12 respectively, and these rates reflect certain foreign losses which we do not believe will result in a tax benefit. 27 
 Reportable Segments. The pet food and specialty packaging segment had net sales of 267.5 million and 267.0 million, and operating income of 27.2 million and 29.6 million for the years ended December 31,
2008 and 2007, respectively. Operating income decreased primarily due to a decrease in the difference between selling prices and raw material prices, as noted in the paragraph above describing Cost of Sales , an increase in depreciation
expense resulting from increased capital expenditures and an increase in amortization due to the adjustment of useful life for a patent. Our food and specialty packaging segment had net sales of 236.2 million and 181.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, operating income of 2.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2008 and operating loss of 819,000 for the year ended December 31, 2007. Excluding the effects of the EPF Acquisition, net sales decreased by approximately 3.4 million while operating income increased by
approximately 900,000. Operating income increased primarily due to a decrease in salaries and related benefits expense as a result of certain employees whose costs were captured in the food and specialty operating segment in 2007 but have been
reflected in corporate costs in 2008 and a decrease in amortization expense of 1.3 million related to the phase-out of a tradename in 2007, partially offset by a decrease in the difference between selling prices and raw material prices, as noted in
the paragraph above describing Cost of Sales , and an increase in depreciation expense due to increased capital expenditures. Our performance packaging segment had net sales of 202.2 million and 197.6 million, and operating income of 13.2 million and 13.8 million, for the years ended December 31, 2008 and
2007, respectively. Net sales increased by approximately 4.6 million due to increased pricing, partially offset by decreased volumes due to unfavorable economic conditions in the building materials market. Our coated products segment had net sales of 75.8 million and 29.7 million, and operating income of 6.0 million and 815,000,
for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. This segment resulted from our acquisition of EEF in August of 2007, and the increase in operating income was attributable to the presentation of a full year of results for the EEF
Acquisition in the year ended December 31, 2008 versus five months of results in the year ended December 31, 2007. Corporate operating loss, which includes certain unallocated corporate costs, increased to 24.1 million from 20.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, due primarily to increased start-up and transition costs
related to the 2007 Acquisitions, increased salaries and related benefits expense as a result of certain employees whose costs were captured in operating segments during 2007 but have been reflected in corporate costs in 2008, partially offset by
decreased exit activity costs in 2008. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for further discussion of segment data. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows for the Year Ended
December 31, 2009 Cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2009 of 26.0
million were primarily due to cash provided by earnings and positive working capital trends. Cash provided by earnings were 17.7 million (net loss of 5.9 million adjusted to exclude the effect of non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization
of 25.5 million less other non-cash items that net to approximately 1.9 million, including stock compensation expense, deferred income tax provision, recovery of bad debts and loss on sales and
disposition of property, plant and equipment). The positive working capital trend was largely attributable to decreases in inventories of 13.4 million and trade accounts receivable of 7.8 million, as a result of the decrease in sales volume in
2009 and lower prices due to the pass through of lower resin prices. These items were partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities of 10.5 million, which were primarily comprised of decreases in accrued
health benefits, accrued incentive benefits, accrued rebates, and accrued workers compensation, as well as other miscellaneous accrued liabilities and to a lesser extent, an increase of 2.6 million in prepaid assets, other receivables and other
assets due to increases in foreign goods and services tax receivables. Cash flows used in investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2009 were 19.7 million, primarily comprised of costs associated with capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from sales of property,
plant and equipment. Cash flows used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2009 were 6.9
million, primarily comprised of net repayments made on our Senior Credit Facility. The effect of exchange rate
changes on assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries used approximately 396,000 in cash for the year ended December 31, 2009. Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2008 Cash flows provided by operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2008 were 13.0 million, primarily due to cash provided from earnings of 18.2 million (net loss of 6.1 million adjusted to exclude the effect of non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization expense of 24.5 million,
and other non-cash items that net to approximately 141,000, including stock compensation expense, deferred income tax provision, recovery of bad debts and loss on sales and disposition of property, plant and equipment). Cash provided from earnings was partially offset by net unfavorable working capital primarily attributable to an increase in trade accounts receivable as a result of the build
up to normal levels from the EPF Acquisition at the end of 2007. 28 
 Cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2008 were 19.0
million, primarily comprised of costs associated with capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment. Cash
flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2008 were 5.1 million, primarily comprised of net borrowings on our Senior Credit Facility to fund operations, capital expenditures and the integration of the 2007 Acquisitions.
 The effect of exchange rate changes on assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries provided 1.3 million
in cash for the year ended December 31, 2008. Capital Resources 11.25 Senior Notes due 2014 On January 31,
2006, we completed an unregistered private offering of 220.0 million aggregate principal amount of 11.25 Senior Notes due 2014. Pursuant to an exchange offer in December 2006, we exchanged all of the 11.25 Senior Notes for 11.25 Senior Notes
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Notes ). The Notes mature on February 1, 2014 and bear interest at 11.25 per annum payable in semi-annual installments on February 1 and August 1 of each year. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all of our existing and future domestic
restricted subsidiaries. The Notes and the guarantees rank senior to all of our and our guarantors future subordinated indebtedness. The Notes and the guarantees are effectively subordinated to all of our and the guarantors secured
indebtedness, including our Senior Credit Facility (see description below), to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. We may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0 of the principal amount, plus a premium declining ratably to par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the
date of redemption. We have no current plans to redeem the Notes at this time. If we experience a change of control, we may be required to offer to purchase the Notes at a purchase price
equal to 101.0 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. The indenture
governing the Notes contains covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: (1) incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock, (2) pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our stock or subordinated
indebtedness, (3) make investments, (4) sell assets and issue capital stock of restricted subsidiaries, (5) incur liens, (6) enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends, (7) enter into transactions with
affiliates and (8) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. Senior Secured Asset-Based Revolving Credit
Facility On January 31, 2006, we entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of
financial institutions. On August 6, 2007, in order to help fund the EEF Acquisition, we amended this facility, which primarily provided for an increase in the maximum credit facility to 75.0 million and we included a Canadian dollar sub-facility
available to our Canadian subsidiaries for up to 15.0 million (or the Canadian dollar equivalent). A reserve is established in the U.S. for the U.S. dollar equivalent of amounts outstanding under the Canadian sub-facility. On October 31, 2007, in
order to help fund the EPF Acquisition, we again amended this facility, which primarily provided for an increase in the maximum credit facility to 110.0 million and amended certain borrowing base limitations (the Senior Credit
Facility ). The Senior Credit Facility also provides our domestic and Canadian subsidiaries with letter of credit sub-facilities. Availability under the Senior Credit Facility is subject to borrowing base limitations for both the U.S. and the
Canadian subsidiaries, as defined in the loan agreement. The Senior Credit Facility matures on January 31, 2011. Under the terms of our lockbox arrangement, remittances automatically reduce the revolving debt outstanding on a daily basis and
therefore our Senior Credit Facility is classified as a current liability at December 31, 2009 and 2008. Our Senior Credit Facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our ability to, among other things, incur
additional indebtedness, grant liens, engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales, declare dividends and distributions, redeem or repurchase equity interests, incur contingent obligations, prepay certain subordinated indebtedness, make loans,
certain payments and investments and enter into transactions with affiliates. Approximately 68.6 million and 74.4 million of our Senior Credit Facility was outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and approximately 25.1 million
and 29.8 million, was available for borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The outstanding amount in 2009 was primarily attributable to borrowings to fund operations and capital
expenditures. Liquidity and Capital Outlook We fund our liquidity needs for capital expenditures, working capital and scheduled interest and principal payments through cash flow from operations and borrowings under our Senior Credit
Facility. In the second half of 2008 and continuing into 2009, global financial markets experienced a liquidity crisis. Despite certain government intervention, capital market financing has become less available and more expensive. Notwithstanding
the recent disruption of the capital and credit markets, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our needs for the foreseeable future, although continued market
disruption may result in increased borrowing costs associated with our Senior Credit Facility. Management continues to monitor events and the financial institutions associated with our Senior Credit Facility, including monitoring credit ratings and
outlooks. In the event that we require additional liquidity beyond our cash flows and borrowings available under our Senior Credit Facility due to market conditions, unexpected actions by our lenders, changes to our growth strategy, or other
factors, our ability to obtain any additional financing on favorable terms, if at all, could be severely limited due to the current liquidity crisis. 29 Based on the terms of the
Notes as described above, we expect to incur approximately 25.9 million in interest expense related to the Notes in 2010, including amortization of related deferred financing costs and fees. In addition,
we currently anticipate that our capital expenditures for 2010 will be approximately 20.0 million. To pay for the interest expense on the Notes and anticipated capital expenditures, we plan to utilize internally generated funds and funds available
under our Senior Credit Facility. Approximately 68.6 million of borrowings were outstanding and 25.1 million was available for borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility as of December 31, 2009. Management believes that, based on current and
anticipated financial performance, cash flows from operations and borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for capital expenditures, working capital and scheduled interest and principal payments
for the coming year. As noted above, both the indenture governing the Notes and the credit agreement governing our
Senior Credit Facility contain certain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to borrow additional money, pay dividends, make investments, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates and sell assets or enter into mergers
with others. The Senior Credit Facility matures on January 31, 2011, and the Notes mature in 2014. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or may not be able to obtain sufficient funding to satisfy all of our obligations, including
those noted above. If we are unable to pay our obligations, we may be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as selling assets, or refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness. Such alternative strategies may not be feasible or
may not be adequate to satisfy our obligations. Although we currently have no specific acquisitions planned, one
of our potential growth strategies is growth through acquisitions. Although we currently have no intent to obtain additional financing, we may require additional financing in order to pursue our growth strategy. Although we believe that we can
borrow additional funds beyond our current credit lines, there can be no assurance that such financing would be available or, if so, on terms that are acceptable to us. We may not be able to secure financing on terms that are favorable to us to
replace the Senior Credit Facility which matures on January 31, 2011. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to
the terms of the indenture governing the Notes, the terms of our Senior Credit Facility, and the discretion of our Board of Directors. We currently have no plans to pay dividends. Contractual Obligations The following table
summarizes the scheduled payments and obligations under our contractual and other commitments at December 31, 2009. 

Payments Due by Period 
 
 Contractual Obligations 

Total 

2010 

2011-2012 

2013 -2014 

Beyond 2014 

(dollar amounts in thousands 
 
 Long-term Debt obligations: 

Senior Notes due 2014 

220,000 

- 

- 

220,000 

- 
 
 Senior Revolving Credit Facility (1) 

68,555 

68,555 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Term Loan 

82 

48 

34 

- 

- 
 
 Total debt obligations 

288,637 

68,603 

34 

220,000 

- 
 
 Pension funding obligations (2) 

12,604 

1,407 

5,900 

4,519 

778 
 
 Operating lease obligations 

48,870 

9,283 

15,862 

12,609 

11,116 
 
 Interest payments 3 

111,375 

24,750 

49,500 

37,125 

- 
 
 Total contractual obligations 

461,486 

104,043 

71,296 

274,253 

11,894 

(1) 
 Under the terms of the lockbox arrangement, remittances automatically reduce the revolving debt outstanding on a daily basis and therefore the entire
amount outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility is classified as a current liability. As a result, the entire amount is presented as a payment due in 2010, even though the Senior Credit Facility does not mature until January 31, 2011. 

(2) 
 Represents currently estimated amounts. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes payments on outstanding fixed-rate, long-term debt obligations. 30 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements During the year ended December 31, 2009, we entered into a joint venture agreement with a third party. We determined that the
joint venture is a variable interest entity VIE under FASB guidance related to accounting for variable interest entities and that we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The VIE consists of a manufacturing operation, located
within an existing manufacturing facility owned by the joint venture partner in Lebanon, used to co-extrude polyethylene film for use in flexible packaging. The VIE is in the process of purchasing and installing the necessary extrusion equipment and
currently anticipates production to commence in the second quarter of 2010. Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with the unconsolidated VIE is limited to our recorded investment in this VIE, which was approximately 400,000
at December 31, 2009. Subsequent to December 31, 2009, we invested an additional 250,000 in the VIE. We may be subject to additional losses to the extent of any financial support that we provide in the future. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to various market risks as described below. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates. We do not enter into derivative or
other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Interest Rates. We are exposed to market risk in the form of interest rate risk relating to borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility. Borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility accrue interest at a
floating rate per annum equal to the U.S. Index Rate (the higher of either the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal or the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points per annum as determined in accordance with the credit agreement) plus 0.5 , or, upon our prior notice, at a per annum rate equal to LIBOR plus
1.5 for loans under the U.S. portion of our Senior Credit Facility. Interest accrues on amounts outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility s Canadian sub-facility at a floating rate per annum equal to the Canadian Index Rate (the higher of
either the reference rate used for Canadian Dollar denominated commercial loans made by commercial banks in Canada or the BA Rate as determined in accordance with the credit agreement) plus 0.5 , or, upon our prior notice, at a per annum rate equal
to the BA Rate (the average Canadian interbank bid rate as determined in accordance with the credit agreement) plus 1.5 . Because these rates may increase or decrease at any time, we are subject to the risk that they may increase, thereby increasing
the interest rates applicable to our borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility. Increases in the applicable interest rates would increase our interest expense and reduce our net income or increase our net loss. We do not currently have any
instruments in place, such as interest rate swaps or caps, which would mitigate our exposure to interest rate risk related to these borrowings. As of December 31, 2009, 68.6 million was outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility and accruing
interest at a weighted average rate of approximately 1.8 per annum. Based on this amount of borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility, the effect of a hypothetical one percent increase in interest rates would increase our annual interest expense
by approximately 686,000. Commodity Prices. We purchase commodities, such as paper, resin, films, energy, and various fuels which are subject to price fluctuations. We do not currently engage in the hedging of commodities.
Commodities are generally purchased at market or fixed prices that are established by the vendor as part of the purchase process for quantities expected to be consumed in the ordinary course of business. Although the average selling prices of
resin-based products in our food and specialty packaging and performance packaging segments generally increase or decrease as the cost of resins increases or decreases, the impact of a change in resin prices is more immediately reflected in our raw
material costs than in our selling prices. We monitor the correlation between commodity prices and our selling prices and will continue to consider hedging alternatives in the future to reduce the effect of price fluctuations. Currency and Exchange Rates. The majority
of our revenues, operating expenses and significant capital expenditures are denominated in U.S. dollars; however we do have some exposure to foreign currency risk related to our operations in the United Kingdom and Canada, our Canadian sub-facility
and interactions with our foreign subsidiaries. Transactions in other currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the rates in effect as of the date of such transactions. We have not entered into any foreign currency forward contracts or
similar arrangements to limit our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, but we may consider such arrangements in the future. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our consolidated financial statements required by
this item are included on the pages immediately following the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on page F-1. ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 31 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Not applicable. ITEM 9A (T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures The Company s management has established disclosure controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Such disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on management s evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
for the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only with proper authorizations; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 based on the criteria and framework for effective control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2009. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company
to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
December 31, 2009 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and bylaws provide that our business is to be managed by, or under the direction of, our Board of Directors. Our bylaws provide that directors are elected at our annual meeting to serve until the subsequent annual meeting of our
stockholders or until their earlier resignation or removal. There are currently four vacancies on our Board of Directors. Pursuant to our bylaws, the Board of Directors may fill these vacancies or, alternatively, may reduce the size of the board to
eliminate these vacancies. As of the date of this annual report, the Board of Directors has not taken any action with respect to these vacancies. Our officers serve at the pleasure of our Board of Directors. 32 
 The names of the persons, who now serve as our directors and executive officers,
as well as other key employees, are set forth below: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers 

Jack E. Knott 
 55 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 
 
 Tom Vale 
 48 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jonathan D. Heard 
 40 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Assistant Secretary and Senior Vice President 

Other Key Employees 

Robert H. Arvanites 
 44 
 Senior Vice President and General Manager 
 
 Jeffrey S. Ross 
 52 
 Senior Vice President and General Manager 

Other Directors 

Michael E. Alger 
 53 
 Director 
 
 Clarence E. Terry 
 63 
 Director 
 
 Mark Brody 
 48 
 Director 
 Presented below is information with respect to each of our executive officers, key employees and directors. The information presented for each director includes the specific experience,
qualifications, attributes and skills that led us to the conclusion that such director should serve on our Board of Directors in light of our business and structure. Jack E. Knott was named the Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer in October
2005. From August 2003 until joining us, Mr. Knott served as a Manager of Ronin Partners, LLC. From 1997 to August 2003, Mr. Knott served in various executive positions at Huntsman Packaging Corp. and as the Chief Executive Officer of Pliant
Corporation, its successor. Mr. Knott has over 30 years of experience in the packaging industry, including serving in numerous senior management positions, including Chairman of the Flexible Packaging Association, President of Rexene Products and
President of CT Films, among other positions. We believe Mr. Knott s important role in the history and management of our Company and its affiliates and his extensive
knowledge about the flexible packaging industry and business and leadership skills, including his current position as our Chief Executive Officer, support the conclusion that he should serve as one of our directors. Tom Vale was named our Chief Operating
Officer on February 15, 2008. Prior to joining us, Mr. Vale served as a manager for TMV Consulting, LLC TMV ), a private consulting services firm, from June 2007 to February 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Vale was employed by DeLuxe Media
Services, a manufacturer and distributor of entertainment products for film, music and game companies and a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Rank Group, from March 2000 to May 2007. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of DeLuxe Media
Services from August 2004 to May 2007. Jonathan D. Heard was named our Chief Financial Officer on December 13, 2006. Mr. Heard joined our Company in January 2002 and served as Corporate Controller from that time until December 13, 2006. Prior to
joining us, Mr. Heard served as Vice President, Business Development for a start up Internet company. Prior to that, Mr. Heard practiced public accounting for six years with KPMG LLP and Deloitte Touche LLP. Robert H. Arvanites has been with Exopack
since its inception in August 2001 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Manager. Prior to joining Exopack, Mr. Arvanites held various sales positions with Union Camp Corporation, including Consumer Group Sales Manager from 1997
to July 2001 and Sales Manager for its St. Louis, Missouri facility from 1995 to 1997. Jeffrey S. Ross
 has been with Exopack since its inception in 2001 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Manager. Prior to Joining Exopack, Mr. Ross held various sales
and marketing positions with Union Camp Corporation and International Paper, including Director of Sales and Operations Planning, Sales Manager- Industrial Packaging and Vice President and General Manager Plastics US. Michael E. Alger was elected to our Board
of Directors in October 2007. Mr. Alger has been employed by Sun Capital Partners, Inc. since October 2007, and currently serves as a Vice President at Sun Capital. Mr. Alger has over 29 years of experience in senior finance and operations
management roles. Prior to joining Sun Capital, Mr. Alger served as the CFO for Indalex Aluminum Solutions, a Sun Capital portfolio company, from 2000 to 2007. Prior to Indalex, he served as Vice President of Finance for Favorite Brands, a large
multi-brand confection company, and as CFO for Jel Sert and Olds Products, both food companies, from 1993 through 1998. Prior to that, he held a number of senior finance positions with Kraft General Foods and Baxter International. He started his
professional career as an auditor for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. In addition to Mr. Alger s employment by an affiliate of our sole stockholder, we believe that Mr. Alger s significant executive-level financial expertise and his background
in food-based companies gives him an in-depth understanding of our food and specialty packaging segment, all of which support the conclusion that he should serve as one of our
directors. Mr. Alger also serves as a director for several private companies. Mr. Alger is the Chairman of our Audit Committee. 33 
 Clarence E. Bud Terry was elected to our Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr. Terry has
been employed by Sun Capital Partners, Inc. since September 1999, and currently serves as a Senior Operating Managing Director. Mr. Terry has over 37 years of operating experience. Prior to joining Sun Capital, Mr. Terry served as Vice President at
Rain Bird Sprinkler Manufacturing, Inc., the largest manufacturer of irrigation products in the world. Mr. Terry has been responsible for all areas of operations, including manufacturing, foreign sourcing, sales and marketing, and general
management. In addition to Mr. Terry s employment by an affiliate of our sole stockholder, we believe that Mr. Terry s extensive experience in manufacturing and operations and his extensive board and executive-level management experience
and proven leadership and business capabilities provide the Board with a unique perspective on streamlining operations at our facilities and support the conclusion that he should serve as one of our directors. Within the last five years, Mr. Terry
has also served as a director of LOUD Technologies, Inc., Catalina Lighting, Inc., Georgia Gulf Corporation and a number of private companies. Mark Brody was elected to our Board of Directors in April 2008. Mr. Brody has been employed by Sun
Capital Partners, Inc since 2006, and currently serves as Operations Senior Vice President. Mr. Brody has 27 years of senior finance and executive management experience. Prior to joining Sun Capital, Mr. Brody served from 2001 to 2006 as Chief
Financial Officer for Flight Options, a leading provider of fractional jet services. Prior to his employment with Flight Options, Mr. Brody served as Chief Financial Officer or Vice President, Finance for a number of manufacturing-related public
companies, including Sudbury, Inc., Essef Corporation, Anthony Sylvan Pools and Waterlink, Inc. In addition to Mr. Brody s employment by an affiliate of our sole stockholder, we believe that Mr. Brody s background in finance at
manufacturing companies, substantial financial experience, experience with acquisitions, extensive board and executive-level management experience and proven leadership and business capabilities all support the conclusion that he should serve as one
of our directors. Mr. Brody started his career as an auditor with Ernst and Young LLP. Within the last five years, Mr. Brody has also served as a director of Catalina Lighting, Inc. Mr. Brody is a member of our Audit Committee. There are no family relationships among any of our directors, executive officers, or key employees. Audit Committee The audit committee of our
Board of Directors is currently composed of two members, Michael Alger and Mark Brody. We are not required by the rules of any stock exchange or securities association to have an audit committee comprised of independent directors nor are we required
to designate an audit committee financial expert. Nevertheless, our Board of Directors may designate a member of its audit committee to be an audit committee financial expert in the future should it be deemed to be appropriate. Neither Mr. Alger nor
Mr. Brody satisfies the independence requirements for audit committee members under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Our Board of Directors
currently does not have any other committees. Code of Ethics Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Employees that applies to our Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Employees will be made available to any person, without charge, by contacting Jonathan D.
Heard, our Chief Financial Officer, at (864) 596-7140, or through a written request to 3070 Southport Road, Spartanburg, South Carolina, 29302. If we waive any material provision of our code of ethics or substantively change the code, we may
disclose that fact on our website within four business days as an alternative to disclosure on Form 8-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis This section provides information regarding the compensation program in place for our executive officers and certain key employees, including: Jack Knott, our Chief Executive Officer;
Jonathan Heard, our Chief Financial Officer; and the two most highly-compensated executive officers or key employees other than Mr. Knott and Mr. Heard employed at the end of 2009, consisting of Tom Vale and Robert H. Arvanites. We refer to these
four officers, along with Gary McDaniel, who was no longer employed by us at the end of 2009, as the Named Executive Officers. This section includes information regarding, among other things, the overall objectives of our compensation
program and each element of compensation that we provide. Compensation Philosophy and Objectives and Compensation
Process Leadership and motivation of our executive officers and key employees are critical to our
long-term success. Our executive officer and key employee compensation program is intended to enable us to attract, retain, develop and reward executive officers and key employees who are primarily responsible for our long-term success. Our
compensation program enhances our ability to attract and retain the talent to compete in our industry and deliver the superior products and service our customers demand. Our
compensation program also seeks to align these officers compensation with our operating performance profitability. 34 
 The elements of our compensation program allow our executive officers and key
employees to focus primarily on attaining business objectives. Incentives and variable compensation provides motivation to meet and exceed individual and group expectations and increase the value of the business. Our compensation program is guided
by the following fundamental principles: provide a base level of compensation and benefits at a level sufficient to attract and retain high
quality executives and key employees; provide incentives to achieve
short-term and long-term profitability and growth, and reward strong performance of the business operations for which a given executive officer or key employee is responsible
and strong individual performance of such officer; and allow us to compete
with other organizations nationwide for executive talent. All executive officer and key employee
compensation decisions at Exopack are ultimately made by our Board of Directors. We do not currently have a compensation committee because our common stock is privately-held by one stockholder and we believe it is beneficial to have our entire Board
of Directors participate in discussions and decision-making concerning executive compensation. In addition, we are not subject to stock exchange rules that would require us to have a compensation committee comprised of independent directors.
Therefore, each member of our Board of Directors participates in discussions and decisions relating to compensation of executives and key employees. Each year the Board of Directors reviews and evaluates each element of the compensation paid to our
executive officers and key employees. Annually, the Board of Directors determines the base salary for each executive officer and key employee. In addition, each year or other performance period deemed appropriate by our Board of Directors, the Board
establishes a bonus target percentage (expressed as a percentage of base salary) for each executive officer and key employee, as described in more detail below under Elements of Compensation Short Term Incentive Compensation
 Management Incentive Program . Finally, the Board of Directors also meets twice every year to determine the number of stock options, if any, to be granted to executive officers and key employees. To ensure that our compensation is competitive in the marketplace, we compare our compensation to that of a group of peer
companies in our industry with businesses similar to ours and with which we may compete for executive talent. For 2009, we identified the following companies as our comparable companies for this purpose: Sealed Air Corporation, Bemis Company, Inc.,
Sonoco Products Company, Pactiv Corporation, Wausau Paper Corp., Pliant Corporation and AEP Industries, Inc. One or more of our executive officers or key employees is typically involved in this process. Each year, our Vice President of Human
Resources compiles data from public documents of comparable companies filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or from other public sources. These materials are compiled and presented to our Chief Executive Officer along with adjustments
recommended by our Vice President of Human Resources. The Chief Executive Officer reviews such materials and recommended adjustments and seeks review and ultimate approval from our Board of Directors. Although we consider compensation data for the
comparable company group when establishing total compensation, we do not target a percentile rank for total compensation within the comparable company group data set. Instead, we use the data as a guide in determining the appropriate levels of each
form of compensation and the total level of compensation for each executive. We may adjust certain elements of an executive s compensation based on the experience of the individual, market factors or other relevant considerations. In determining the total compensation for our Chief Executive Officer, our Board of Directors considers industry, internal and
local market compensation data and its own assessment of the Chief Executive Officer s performance, the Chief Executive Officer s own expectations and other factors it deems relevant, including the compensation packages for the principal
executive officers of the peer companies listed above. The use and weight of each compensation element is based on a subjective determination by the Board
of Directors of the importance of each in meeting our overall objectives. In general, we seek to put a significant amount of each executive officer s total potential compensation at risk by making future payout or realization of
value dependent on corporate and business unit performance. If we and/or an individual fails to meet minimum levels of performance, he or she will not earn any at risk compensation. In addition, stock options provide long-term incentives
to increase company profitability, as well as a retention mechanism for highly-valued executive officers. In general, our Board of Director s intention is to grant a meaningful portion of total compensation in the form of equity compensation
awards in order to reinforce the ownership culture within our leadership. We do not currently maintain specific stock ownership guidelines for our Named Executive Officers. The Board of Directors may consider prior compensation outcomes, including
equity incentive compensation gains, in setting future compensation levels. The Board of Directors believes that
our executive compensation program has been appropriately designed to provide a level of incentives that do not encourage our executive officers to take unnecessary risks in managing their respective business divisions or functions. As discussed
below, a meaningful portion of our executive officers' compensation is performance-based, consistent with our approach to executive compensation. Our Management Incentive Program is designed to reward annual performance in areas considered critical
to the short and long-term success of our Company, and typically features a cap on the maximum amount that can be earned in any single year. We believe this discourages risk-taking that focuses excessively on short-term profits at the sacrifice of
the long-term health of our Company. Likewise, our long-term equity incentive awards are directly aligned with long-term stockholder interests through their link to the value of our stock and multi-year ratable vesting schedules. In combination, the
Board of Directors believes that the various elements of our executive compensation program sufficiently tie our executives' compensation opportunities to our focus on sustained long-term growth and performance. Elements of Compensation The
elements of our compensation program for executive officers consist of: A base salary component; A short-term incentive component, consisting of annual bonuses under our Management Incentive Program; and A long-term incentive component, consisting of stock options that vest 20 per year over a five year period. The use and weight of each compensation element is based on a subjective determination by the Board of Directors of the importance of each in meeting our overall objectives. In general, we seek to put a significant
amount of each executive officer s total potential compensation at risk by making future payout or realization of value dependent on corporate and business unit performance. If we and/or an individual fails to meet minimum levels of
performance, he or she will not earn any at risk compensation. In addition, stock options provide long-term incentives to increase company profitability, as well as a retention mechanism for highly-valued executive officers. In general,
our Board of Director s intention is to grant a meaningful portion of total compensation in the form of equity compensation awards in order to reinforce the ownership culture within our leadership. We do not currently maintain specific stock
ownership guidelines for our Named Executive Officers. The Board of Directors may consider prior compensation outcomes, including equity incentive compensation gains, in setting future compensation levels. 35 
 Base Salary The first element of our cash compensation program for Named Executive Officers is an annual base salary. When determining
salaries for a Named Executive Officer, the Board of Directors takes into account industry, internal and local market compensation data, including data from the comparable companies listed above, as well as each individual s job responsibility,
experience level, individual performance, the amount and nature of the other compensation paid to the officer and the officer s own expectations. The Board of Directors generally reviews and approves base salaries for officers annually in
December or January, and in connection with promotions or changes in responsibilities. Adjustments may be made when appropriate, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, to reflect competitive market factors and the individual factors described
above. In light of increased bonus targets that the Board of Directors approved for our Named Executive Officers
in connection with the 2009 Management Incentive Program (as discussed in more detail below under Short -Term Incentive Compensation Management Incentive Program Manage ment Incentive
Program for 2009 ), the Board of Directors determined not to adjust that the Named Executive Officers base salaries for 2009. Short-Term Incentive Compensation Management Incentive Program General Structure and Operation of Management Incentive Program. The second element of our cash
compensation program for Named Executive Officers is cash bonuses payable under our Management Incentive Program. Our Management Incentive Program is designed to attract, retain, motivate and reward officers and key employees of the Company by
providing them with the opportunity to earn competitive incentive compensation directly linked to the achievement of business objectives with respect to performance periods that may be designated by the Board. The bonus opportunity for each Named
Executive Officer is set as a fixed percentage of such Named Executive Officer s base annual or quarterly salary, referred to as a bonus target. Historically, our Board of Directors has generally adopted and approved a new Management Incentive Program at the beginning of each year, including the pre-determined earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other adjustments Adjusted EBITDA targets for that year and each Named Executive Officer s bonus opportunity set as a fixed percentage of such Named Executive Officer s
base annual or quarterly salary, referred to as a bonus target. On March 23, 2010, the Board adopted a general Management Incentive Program (the Master MIP under which the Board may designate future performance periods and
establish performanc e goals and award opportunities for such periods, as discussed below under Master MIP for Future Performance Periods. The discussion immediately below relates to the Board s practices with respect to the Management Incentive Programs adopted prior to the Master
MIP. In setting the Adjusted EBITDA levels and each Named Executive Officer s bonus target, the Board
considers our strategic goals and plan, our operational and financial budget and the factors considered in determining base salaries. Under the Management Incentive Program, if the Company (and, in the case of certain officers, the division of our
Company managed by them) achieves the applicable pre-determined Adjusted EBITDA target, the applicable Named Executive Officer will receive a bonus equal to the full bonus target established by the Board (i.e., his bonus target percentage multiplied
by his current base annual or quarterly salary). As part of the Management Incentive Program, the Board also approves a maximum bonus opportunity upon attainment of an Adjusted EBITDA goal set at an established percentage above the primary Adjusted
EBITDA target. In addition, the Board approves a threshold Adjusted EBITDA figure as a percentage of the primary Adjusted EBITDA target that must be met in order for any Named Executive Officer to be eligible for any award under the Management
Incentive Program. As indicated in the tables below, the 2009 bonus opportunity for each of Mr. Knott, Mr. Vale and Mr. Heard was dependent on the Company s overall Adjusted EBITDA, and the 2009 bonus opportunity for each of Mr. Arvanites and
Mr. McDaniel was dependent primarily on the Adjusted EBITDA attributable to the division of our Company managed by such officer and, to a lesser extent, the Company s overall Adjusted EBITDA. 36 
 Management Incentive Program for 2009. The following table summarizes for each of our Named Executive Officers, for the first quarter of 2009 (the Q1 2009 Period ), the threshold, target and maximum bonus percentages
(expressed as a percentage of an eligible portion of salary determined by the Board of Directors), the performance components upon which each Named Executive Officer s bonus opportunity is based, and the corresponding weightings for such
performance components. 

Bonus Percentages, Performance Components and Weightings for Q1 2009 Period 

Threshold 

Target 

Maximum 

Incentive Award 

Incentive Award 

Incentive Award 

Executive Officer 
 
 of Eligible Salary) 

of
Eligible Salary) 

of Eligible Salary) 

Performance Components 
 
 Weightings 

Jack Knott 
 
 25.3 

50.0 

100.0 

Total Company adjusted EBITDA 
 
 100 

Tom Vale 
 
 20.2 

40.0 

80.0 

Total Company adjusted EBITDA 
 
 100 

Jonathan Heard 
 
 17.7 

35.0 

70.0 

Total Company adjusted EBITDA 
 
 100 

Robert Arvanites 
 
 17.7 

35.0 

70.0 

Paper Packaging Division Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 75 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 25 

Gary McDaniel 
 
 17.7 

35.0 

70.0 

US Plastics Division Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 75 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 25 
 
 In October of 2008, it became apparent to the Board of Directors that we would not likely achieve any of our Adjusted EBITDA targets under the Management Incentive Program that had been
adopted for 2008 due to the significant economic downturn. Accordingly, in order to continue to appropriately incentivize our executives and key employees, the Board of Directors amended the 2008 Management Incentive Program to focus executives and
key employees on Adjusted EBITDA targets for the fourth quarter of 2008 (the Q4 2008 Period and the Q1 2009Period. For purposes of calculating the bonus opportunity for each period, the Board of Directors selected an eligible portion of
salary for each period to be applied against the applicable bonus percentages. The eligible salary for the Q4 2008 Period for each Named Executive Officer was defined as 50 of such officer s base salary in effect at December 31, 2008 and the
eligible salary for the Q1 2009 Period for each Named Executive Officer was defined as 75 of such officer s base salary in effect at March 31, 2009. None of our Named Executive Officers received bonuses under the Management Incentive Program
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2008. At the end of the first quarter of 2009, the Board of
Directors established bonus percentages, performance components, corresponding weightings and Adjusted EBITDA targets for the second quarter of 2009 (the Q2 2009 Period ), the third quarter of 2009 (the Q3 2009 Period and the
fourth quarter of 2009 (the Q4 2009 Period ). The following table summarizes for each of our Named Executive Officers the threshold, target and maximum bonus percentages (expressed as a percentage of salary attributable to the applicable
quarterly period), the performance components upon which each Named Executive Officer s bonus opportunity is based, and the corresponding weightings for such performance components, for each of the Q2 2009 Period, the Q3 2009 Period and the Q4
2009 Period. To be clear, each Named Executive Officer had a separate bonus opportunity for each period, but all three periods are presented in one table because the bonus percentages, the performance components and the corresponding weightings were
the same for each period. 

Bonus Percentages, Performance Components and Weightings for Q2 2009 Period, Q3 2009 Period and Q4 2009
Period 

Threshold 

Target 

Maximum 

Incentive Award 

Incentive Award 

Incentive Award 

Executive Officer 
 
 of
Quarterly Salary) 

of Quarterly Salary) 

of
Quarterly Salary) 

Performance Components 
 
 Weightings 

Jack Knott 
 
 27.8 

55.0 

110.0 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 100 

Tom Vale 
 
 22.7 

45.0 

90.0 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 100 

Jonathan Heard 
 
 20.2 

40.0 

80.0 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 100 

Robert Arvanites (1) 
 
 20.2 

40.0 

80.0 

Paper Packaging/Pet Food Specialty Division Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 75 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 25 

Gary McDaniel (2) 
 
 20.2 

40.0 

80.0 

US Plastics Division Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 75 

Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 25 

(1) 
 Effective July 1, 2009, the Company implemented an internal organizational change to move from a concentration on product lines to a concentration on
markets. As a result of this change, Mr. Arvanites became head of the Pet Food and Specialty Division on this date and his incentive awards for the Q3 2009 Period and the Q4 2009 Period were based upon Pet Food and Specialty Division
results. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. McDaniel became head of the Food and Specialty Division on July 1, 2009, however, his incentive awards for the Q3 2009 Period and the Q4 2009
Period remained based upon US Plastics Division results. 37 
 For each quarter in 2009, in order for our Named Executive Officers to earn the
maximum possible quarterly bonus for the overall Company Adjusted EBITDA component and, if applicable, the relevant divisional Adjusted EBITDA component, we were required to achieve approximately 115 of the applicable Adjusted EBITDA target
established for the applicable quarter. In order for our Named Executive Officers to earn 100 of the target quarterly bonus for each of the applicable performance components, we were required to achieve 100 of the applicable Adjusted EBITDA target
established for the applicable quarter. We were required to achieve 85 of the applicable Adjusted EBITDA target in order for any Named Executive Officer to be eligible for any bonus with respect to the applicable performance component. For each one
percentage point that the applicable Adjusted EBITDA failed to achieve the relevant Adjusted EBITDA target (subject to a floor of 85 of the relevant Adjusted EBITDA target), each applicable Named Executive Officer s bonus was reduced by 3.3 .
For each one percentage point that the applicable Adjusted EBITDA exceeded the Adjusted EBITDA target (subject to a ceiling of approximately 115 of the relevant Adjusted EBITDA target), each applicable Named Executive Officer s bonus was
increased by 6.6 . The following table summarizes for each quarter in 2009 the Adjusted EBITDA targets that were established by the Board of Directors and our actual Adjusted EBITDA achievement, in each case for the overall Company, for the Paper
Packaging/Pet Food Division and for the US Plastics Division for each quarter in 2009. 

Adjusted EBITDA Targets and Actual Adjusted EBITDA Achievement for Each Quarter in
2009 

Adjusted 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Actual Adjusted 

Adjusted 

EBITDA Target 

Actual Adjusted 

Target for Paper 

EBITDA for Paper 

EBITDA Target 

Actual Adjusted 

for Total 

EBITDA for 

Packaging/Pet Food 

Packaging/Pet Food 

for US Plastics 

EBITDA for US 

Company 

Total Company 

Specialty Division 

Specialty Division 

Division 

Plastics Division 

(in thousands) 
 
 Q1 2009 Period 

17,145 

17,374 

9,313 

9,802 

6,687 

8,743 
 
 Q2 2009 Period 

18,005 

15,770 

9,678 

7,685 

6,731 

7,398 
 
 Q3 2009 Period 

18,102 

15,425 

8,275 

7,496 

6,176 

6,495 
 
 Q4 2009 Period 

18,815 

16,788 

9,365 

8,494 

7,273 

7,586 
 Based on the level of achievement of applicable Adjusted EBITDA targets summarized in the table immediately above and the bonus percentages and weightings of performance components
summarized above, the following table sets forth the cash bonuses that we paid to each of our Named Executive Officers under the Management Incentive Program for each quarter in 2009. 

2009 MIP Bonuses Earned by Named Executive Officers 

Q1 2009 Period 

Q2 2009 Period 

Q3 2009 Period 

Q4 2009 Period (1) 
 
 Jack Knott 

249,375 

48,331 

36,987 

48,331 
 
 Tom Vale 

179,550 

35,589 

27,236 

35,589 
 
 Jonathan Heard 

87,281 

17,575 

13,450 

17,575 
 
 Robert Arvanites 

90,772 

4,570 

17,205 

18,228 
 
 Gary McDaniel (2) 

149,119 

44,043 

35,092 

23,224 

(1) 
 The Q4 2009 Period bonuses were earned in the fourth quarter of 2009 but payable by their terms during the first quarter of 2010. 

(2) 
 On December 2, 2009, the position held by Mr. McDaniel was eliminated, and therefore, Mr. McDaniel separated from the Company effective immediately.
Mr. McDaniel s bonus under the Management Incentive Program for the Q4 2009 Period was pro-rated based upon his termination date. Adjusted EBITDA . The Board of Directors believes that Adjusted EBITDA is an appropriate measure for the
primary financial goal of aligning the interests of management with the interests of the Company s security holders. The Adjusted EBITDA measures used in connection with the Management Incentive Program are adjusted on the same basis and for
the same factors as the adjusted EBITDA discussed in our quarterly earnings calls. Specifically, Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adjusting net income (loss) to exclude interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, severance, restructuring
and plant closure costs, gains and losses on disposition of assets, transition costs related to acquisitions, management fees, stock compensation costs, certain process improvement consulting, costs associated with being a public company, pension
expense and certain insurance recoveries. Adjusted EBITDA provides an indicator of general economic performance that is not affected by debt restructurings, fluctuations in interest rates or effective tax rates, or levels of depreciation or
amortization. Accordingly, the Board of Directors and our management believe that this measurement is useful for comparing general operating performance from period to period. 38 
 Master MIP for Future Performance Periods . On March 23, 2010, the Board adopted the Master MIP under which the Board may designate future performance periods and establish performance goals and award opportunities for such
periods. The officers that may be eligible to participate in the Master MIP for any future designated performance period include the Named Executive Officers. With respect to each performance period regularly designated under the Master MIP, the
Board will establish the performance goals that must be satisfied by the Company or any subsidiary, division, segment or other unit of the Company Business Unit during such performance period as a condition to the payment or accrual of
a cash bonus for each participant based on performance in such performance period. The performance goals for each performance period will be one or more targeted levels of performance with respect to one or more of the following objective measures
with respect to the Company or any Business Unit, with individual weightings as approved by the Board: EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, operating income, revenues, bookings, operating expenses and fixed cost reductions. With respect to each performance
period, the Board will establish or approve the amounts, or the formula for determining the amounts, of cash bonuses to be paid based upon achievement of the applicable performance goals. For each performance period, the Board will establish or
approve the timing of payment and any other conditions to payment of cash bonuses earned under the MIP. The MIP also includes a bonus recoupment policy providing that (i) if any of the financial or operating results of the Company are restated or
otherwise adjusted (whether materially or immaterially) and (ii) after taking any such restatement or adjustment into account, the amount of any bonus award paid to any current or former employee within the preceding three years would have been
reduced, then the Company may require such current or former employee to return to the Company all or any portion of the bonus award in excess of the amount which would have been paid after taking into account such restatement or adjustment. The
Board has broad discretion to determine whether and to what extent to require any current or former employee to return any bonus awards under the bonus recoupment policy. The bonus recoupment policy set forth in the MIP applies to any bonus award
made to any current or former employee under any cash bonus plan or management incentive program of the Company at any time in the preceding three years. Equity-Based or Long-Term Incentive Compensation General Approach to Equity Incentives and Stock Option Grants . Equity-based incentives represent a direct
link between compensation and company profitability. Equity incentives only become more valuable if the value of our common stock increases. In light of this, we believe that offering equity incentives to our executive officers and key employees
provides an appropriate additional incentive for these individuals to work toward the goal of making our Company profitable. Our Equity-Based Incentive Plan . CPG Finance, Inc. CPG Finance ), an affiliate of Sun Capital
and the sole equity owner of Exopack Key Holdings, LLC, our sole stockholder, has a 2005 Stock Option Plan, which we sometimes refer as our equity-based incentive plan. Our equity-based incentive plan is administered by the Board of Directors of CPG
Finance (the CPG Board ). Our equity-based incentive plan is designed to provide an incentive to key employees and consultants and Board members and to offer an additional inducement in obtaining the services of such persons. The plan
provides for the grant of options to purchase shares of the non-voting common stock of CPG Finance. Subject to adjustments in certain events, the total number of shares of non-voting common stock for which options may be granted under the plan will
not exceed 100,000 shares. The exercise price of the shares subject to each option is determined at the time the grant is made and set forth in the applicable agreement, but in the event the exercise price for any option is less than the fair market
value of non-voting stock on the date of grant, the option must contain terms that permit the option to comply with, or to be exempt from, the requirements applicable to deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. The term
of each option granted under the plan may not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. In order to determine the
amount and nature of the equity incentives to be granted to an executive officer or key employee, the CPG Board considers, in addition to the factors described above, awards previously granted to each individual, each individual s accumulated
vested and unvested awards, the current value and potential value over time using stock appreciation assumptions for vested and unvested awards, the vesting schedule of the individual s outstanding awards, comparison of individual awards
between executive officers and key employees and in relation to other compensation elements and total accounting expense. The CPG Board generally sets the exercise price for options granted under our equity-based incentive plan to reflect the fair
market value of our common stock based on the most recent common stock valuation. Vesting.
 All of our equity incentives are subject to vesting. Stock options granted to executive officers generally vest over a period of five years, with 20 vesting one year
following the established vesting date and 20 vesting per year for the remaining four years on that established vesting date. We believe the delayed vesting of our stock options provides a significant incentive for executive officers to remain with our Company through the vesting period, particularly if our stock
value has increased since the incentive was granted and/or is anticipated to increase in the future. Stock Option Granting Practices. Our practice has been, and is expected to continue to be, to grant equity incentives to executive officers and key non-executive
employees, however, there were no equity grants during 2009. Under our current policies, annual equity incentives are granted at the CPG Board s regularly scheduled meetings. Individual grant amounts and all terms of the award are approved by
the CPG Board at the meetings, and the exercise price per share for each stock option granted is generally the per share fair market value based on the most recent valuation of
the underlying common stock. The CPG Board also periodically grants equity incentives to newly-hired executive officers and non-executive employees and, from time to time, in connection with promotions or for retention purposes. 39 
 The CPG Board has no program or practice to time equity incentive grants in connection
with the release of material non-public information. Stock Options Granted . In January 2007, CPG Finance granted options to purchase shares of its non-voting common stock to certain executive officers and key employees, including certain Named Executive Officers,
at an exercise price of 140.00. Pursuant to the grant, 20 of the total options subject to the grant vested as of January 19, 2008 and, thereafter, an additional 20 of the total options subject to the grant either have vested or will vest on
January 19 of each successive year for the following four years. In the event of a change of control (as defined in the applicable grant agreement), all of the options subject to the grant will vest immediately prior to the change of control. The
vested portion of the options can be exercised only on the earliest of (i) January 19 , 2017, (ii) the date of the consummation of a change of control, or (iii) 30 days following the date on which the applicable officer s employment terminates
for certain specified reasons. In 2008, CPG Finance granted 5,000 stock options to Tom Vale in connection with
his hire in February of 2008. Pursuant to the grant, 20 of the total options subject to the grants vested on February 18, 2009 for Mr. Vale, thereafter, an additional 20 of the total options subject to the grant either have vested or will vest on
February 18 for of each successive year for the following four years. In the event of a change of control (as defined in the applicable grant agreement), all of the options subject to the grant will vest immediately prior to the change of control.
The vested portion of the options can be exercised only on the earliest of (i) February 18 , 2018, (ii) the date of the consummation of a change of control, or (iii) 30 days following the date on which the applicable officer s employment
terminates for certain specified reasons. In June 2008, CPG Finance granted 3,500 stock options to Gary McDaniel
in connection with his hire in June of 2008. Pursuant to the grant, 20 of the total options subject to the grant vested on June 1, 2009. On December 2, 2009, the position held by Gary McDaniel, Senior Vice President and General Manager, was
eliminated, and therefore, Mr. McDaniel separated from the Company at that time. In accordance with the terms of his stock option agreement, Mr. McDaniel forfeited his rights to the 3,500 options granted to him on June 1, 2009. Following such
forfeiture, Mr. McDaniel s stock options were cancelled. The stock options granted to Mr. Vale and Mr.
McDaniel were the only stock options granted to Named Executive Officers in 2008. There were no stock options granted to Named Executive Officers in 2009. Benefits and Perquisites We provide our
Named Executive Officers with certain additional benefits and perquisites. Certain Named Executive Officers receive an automobile allowance and one member of executive management, the Senior Vice President and General Manager of our pet food and
specialty packaging segment, received reimbursement for country club dues in the amount of 4,900, 4,800 and 4,735 for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The primary reason for the club membership is for the
development and fostering of customer relationships. In addition, our Named Executive Officers are eligible to participate, along with all of our employees, in our Exopack LLC Saving Plan, which is a 401(k) defined contribution retirement plan that
matches 100 on the first three percent of employees contributions and 50 on the next fourth and fifth percent of employees contributions. Our Board of Directors determines all matching contributions to the 401(k) plan. Our Named
Executive Officers are also eligible to participate, along with all of our employees, in our medical, dental, disability and life insurance plans, along with all of our employees. Mr. Heard and Mr. Arvanites also participate in a frozen defined benefit pension plan that we assumed in connection with the
Consolidation, as described in more detail under Pension Benefits below. Employment Agreements and Severance
Arrangements We do not have employment agreements with any of our Named Executive Officers, although each
of our Named Executive Officers have Separation Benefit Agreements that provide for severance payments in the event of an involuntary termination for reasons other than for cause or in connection with a change in control involving CPG
Finance. These severance payments generally consist of one year of base compensation paid on a monthly basis and a pro-rata payment of amounts earned under our Management Incentive Program. See Separation Benefit Agreements and Other
Covenants below. We also have an arrangement with our Chief Executive Officer that may entitle him to a bonus in the event of a change in control involving CPG Finance. See Change in Control Bonus Opportunity for CEO below.
The Board of Directors believes that these severance compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation for our Named Executive Officers and help to secure the continued employment and dedication of our Named Executive Officers,
notwithstanding any concern that they might have at such time regarding their own continued employment prior to or following a change of control of CPG Finance. The Board of Directors also believes that these agreements are important as a recruitment and retention device, as all or nearly all of the companies with which we compete for executive talent have similar agreements in place for their
senior management. 40 
 Tax and Accounting Considerations Tax considerations play a role in the design of our compensation program. Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code imposes
ad verse tax consequences on certain non-qualified compensation arrangements that do not comply with its requirements. These requirements regulate the timing of
 election s to defer compensation and the timing and form of distribution s of the deferred compensation. Section 409A also generally provides that
distributions can be made only on or following the occurrence of certain events, including the individual service provider's separation from service, a predetermined date, a change in control, or the individual s death or
disability. For certain key officers, Section 409A requires that distribution s commence no earlier than six (6) months after such officer s separation from service. Moreover, each stock option we
grant is required to have an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date the option is granted. We strive to structure our executive compensation program s so as to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Accounting considerations also play a role in the design of our executive compensation program. For example, FASB guidance related to share based payments, requires that employee stock-based compensation be measured based on its fair-value on
the grant date and treated as an expense that is reflected in the financial statements over the related service period, which reduces the amount of our reported profits. Due to option expensing and the impact of dilution on our stockholder, we pay
close attention to the number and value of the shares underlying stock option grants . Compensation Committee Report The Board of
Directors of the Company has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Board of Directors has determined that the
foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this annual report. The foregoing report is provided by the undersigned Board of
Directors. 

Board of Directors: Jack Knott (Chairman) Michael E. Alger Clarence E. Terry Mark Brody Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation earned by our Named Executive Officers in 2009, 2008 and 2007 for services
rendered in all capacities to us and our subsidiaries. Effective December 2, 2009, the position held by Gary McDaniel, Senior Vice President and General Manager, was eliminated, and therefore, Mr. McDaniel separated from the Company effective
immediately. 

Non-equity 

Change in 

All 

Option 

Incentive Plan 

Pension 

Other 

Name and 

Awards 1) 

Compensation 2) 

Value (3) 

Compensation 4) 

Total 
 
 Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 
 
 Jack Knott 
 
 2009 

495,810 

- 

383,025 

N/A 

13,748 

892,583 
 
 Chairman and 
 
 2008 

500,000 

- 

87,875 

N/A 

11,822 

599,697 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2007 

450,000 

- 

113,625 

N/A 

11,346 

574,971 

Jonathan Heard 
 
 2009 

247,905 

- 

135,881 

1,317 

10,624 

395,727 
 
 Senior Vice President and 
 
 2008 

245,000 

- 

30,756 

299 

9,436 

285,491 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2007 

200,000 

217,680 

35,350 

160 

18,213 

471,403 

Tom Vale 
 
 2009 

446,229 

- 

279,965 

N/A 

10,818 

737,012 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 2008 

384,376 

400,300 

63,270 

N/A 

9,453 

857,399 

2007 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Robert H. A rvanites 
 
 2009 

257,821 

- 

130,826 

12,043 

19,224 

419,914 
 
 Senior Vice President and 
 
 2008 

257,100 

- 

51,131 

3,311 

19,197 

330,739 
 
 General Manager 
 
 2007 

246,300 

45,350 

71,878 

2,500 

58,887 

424,915 

Gary M cDaniel 5) 
 
 2009 

283,954 

- 

251,479 

N/A 

348,764 

884,197 
 
 Senior Vice President and 
 
 2008 

180,833 

280,210 

9,534 

N/A 

21,229 

491,806 
 
 General Manager 
 
 2007 

- 

- 

- 

N/A 

- 

- 

(1) 
 Reflects the grant date estimated fair value of stock option awards in each fiscal year, calculated in accordance with FASB guidance related to share
based payments. For all option awards, this includes the number of option grants multiplied by the estimated grant date fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. All option grants have a vesting period of five years. See Notes 2 and 5
to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information related to our stock options. 
 
 (2) 
 This column represents payments awarded to our Named Executive Officers under our Management Incentive Program. Amounts for 2008 reflect amounts
earned pursuant to revised criteria for the Q4 2008 Period under the amended Management Incentive Program for that year. See discussion above under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of Compensation Short-Term
Incentive Compensation Management Incentive Program. The amounts reflected were earned in the respective fiscal year but payable by their terms during the following fiscal year. No discretionary bonuses were paid in 2009, 2008 or 2007.

(3) 
 These amounts represent the change in value of accumulated benefits under the Retirement Plan of Exopack, LLC (the Retirement Plan ). We
assumed the Retirement Plan in connection with the Consolidation on October 13, 2005. The Retirement Plan was frozen on June 30, 2004, prior to the Consolidation; accordingly, the employees final benefit calculation under the Retirement Plan
was the benefit they had earned under the plan as of June 30, 2004. Increases in value in 2009, 2008 and 2007 are primarily due to the accretion of interest on the accumulated benefit. For additional information about the Retirement Plan, see
 Pension Plans below and Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. 
 
 (4) 
 The amounts in the All Other Compensation column consist of: 41 

401(k) Match 
 
 Life Insurance 
 
 Auto Allowance 
 
 Vacation 
 
 Severance 
 
 Other 
 
 Name 
 
 Year 

Jack Knott 
 
 2009 
 
 9,796 
 
 3,952 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Jonathan Heard 
 
 2009 
 
 9,663 
 
 500 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 461 
 
 Tom Vale 
 
 2009 
 
 9,288 
 
 1,530 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Robert H. A rvanites 
 
 2009 
 
 9,800 
 
 564 
 
 8,819 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 41 
 
 Gary M cDaniel 5) 
 
 2009 
 
 9,025 
 
 4,514 
 
 5,850 
 
 19,375 
 
 310,000 
 
 - 

5 
 On December 2, 2009, the position held by Gary McDaniel, Senior Vice President and General Manager, was eliminated, and therefore, Mr. McDaniel
separated from the Company at that time. In accordance with the terms of his stock option agreement, Mr. McDaniel forfeited his rights to his vested stock options, representing 700 options, or 20 of the total options, granted to him on June 1,
2009. Following such forfeiture, Mr. McDaniel s stock options were cancelled. In accordance with his separation benefit agreement, the Company has provided Mr. McDaniel with severance that consists of one year of base compensation paid on a
monthly basis. At December 31, 2009, the Company had paid Mr. McDaniel one payment of 23,4 49 , with the remaining severance balance of 286, 551 to be paid during
2010. 
 
 N/A 
 Mr. Knott, Mr. Vale and Mr. McDaniel became employees subsequent to the date at which entry into the Retirement Plan was frozen. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2009 The following table sets forth information concerning outstanding options held by the Named Executive Officers at December 31, 2009. There are no restricted stock awards in place or
outstanding at December 31, 2009. 

Option Awards 

Number of Securities 
 
 Number of Securities 

Underlying Unexercised 
 
 Underlying Unexercised 

Option Exercise 

Options 
 
 Options 

Price 
 
 Option Expiration 
 
 Name 
 
 (#) 
 
 (#) (2) 

) 
 
 Date 

Exercisable 
 
 Unexercisable 

Jack Knott 

30,000 

72 
 
 7/14/2015 
 
 Chairman and 

Chief Executive Officer 

Jonathan Heard 

1,100 

72 
 
 10/13/2015 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

2,400 

140 
 
 01/19/2017 

Tom Vale 

5,000 

140 
 
 02/18/2018 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Robert H. A rvanites 

4,000 

72 
 
 10/13/2015 
 
 Senior Vice President and 

500 

140 
 
 01/19/2017 
 
 General M anager 

Gary M cDaniel (1) 

Senior Vice President 

and General M anager 

(1) 
 In accordance with the terms of his stock option agreement, Mr. McDaniel forfeited his rights to his vested stock options, as a result of his
separation from the Company on December 2, 2009. Following such forfeiture, Mr. McDaniel s stock options were cancelled. 
 
 (2) 
 (i) 20 of Mr. Knott's outstanding options vested on each of July 14, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009, and 20 will vest on July 14, 2010. (ii) Mr. Heard's outstanding
options vest on two different dates: 20 of the 1,100 options granted on October 13, 2005 vested on each of October 13, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009, and 20 will vest on October 13, 2010; and 20 of the 2,400 options granted on January 19, 2007 vested
on each of January 19, 2008, 2009 and 2010, and 20 will vest on each of January 19, 2011 and 2012. (iii) 20 of Mr. Vale's outstanding options vested on February 18, 2009 and 2010, and 20 will vest on each of February 18, 2011, 2012 and 2013. (iv)
Mr. Arvanites , outstanding options vest on two different dates: 20 of the 4,000 options granted on October 13, 2005 vested on each of October 13, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009, and 20 will vest on October 13,
2010; and 20 of the 500 options granted on January 19, 2007 vested on each of January 19, 2008, 2009 and 2010, and 20 will vest on each of January 19, 2011 and 2012. For a discussion of when the vested portion of any options may be exercised, see
the discussion above under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of Compensation Equity-Based or Long-Term Incentive Compensation Stock Options Granted. Option Exercises in 2009 There were no stock options exercised by our Named Executive Officers during the year ended December 31, 2009. 42 
 
 Pension Benefits The following table sets forth information concerning pension benefits paid to and accumulated by the Named Executive Officers
at December 31, 2009. 

Number of 

Payments During 

Years 
 
 Present Value of 
 
 Last Fiscal 

Credited Service 
 
 Accumulated Benefit 
 
 Year 
 
 Name 
 
 Plan Name (1) 
 
 (#) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Jack Knott 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Chairman and 

Chief Executive Officer 

Jonathan Heard 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 2.6 
 
 11,940 
 
 0 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 of Exopack, LLC 

Tom Vale 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Robert H. A rvanites 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 15.2 
 
 116,261 
 
 0 
 
 Senior Vice President and 
 
 of Exopack, LLC 

General Manager 

Gary M cDaniel (2) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Senior Vice President 

and General Manager 

(1) 
 The Retirement Plan was assumed by us in connection with the Consolidation on October 13, 2005. The Retirement Plan was frozen on June 30, 2004, prior to the
Consolidation; accordingly, the employees final benefit calculation under the Retirement Plan was the benefit they had earned under the plan as of June 30, 2004. Benefits under the retirement plan were determined by the highest five years of
base salary and incentive compensation in the 10 years prior to June 30, 2004 and years of service as of June 30, 2004. No Named Executive Officer is currently eligible for early retirement under the Retirement Plan. There have been no changes to
the Retirement Plan during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

(2) 
 On December 2, 2009, the position held by Mr. McDaniel, Senior Vice President and
General Manager, was eliminated, and therefore Mr. McDaniel separated from the Company effective immediately. 

N/A 
 Mr. Knott, Mr. Vale and Mr. McDaniel became employees subsequent to the date at which entry into the Retirement Plan was
frozen. 43 
 
 Change in Control Bonus Opportunity for CEO Pursuant to an offer letter entered into with Mr. Knott, our Chief Executive Officer, on January 10, 2006, if Mr. Knott is
employed with us through the date of a change in control involving CPG Finance, Mr. Knott will be entitled to receive a bonus upon such change in control that produces a qualifying internal rate of return for our stockholders. Any payments due to
Mr. Knott pursuant to this arrangement will be in addition to any consideration Mr. Knott may be entitled to receive under his separation benefit agreement, as described below under Separation Benefit Agreements and Other
Covenants. Specifically, in the event of a change in control (as such term is defined below), Mr. Knott will receive a payment calculated as follows: 

Internal Rate of Return 
 
 Bonus Payment 
 
 Less than 40 
 
 -0- 
 
 40 and For purposes of this arrangement with Mr. Knott, change in control has the following meaning, subject to certain exceptions: (i) any consolidation, merger or other transaction
involving CPG Finance as the party to such consolidation, merger or other transaction, in which CPG Finance is not the surviving entity or which results in the acquisition of all or substantially all of CPG Finance s outstanding shares of
common stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons or entities acting in concert or (ii) any sale of CPG Finance s assets, excluding any real-estate sale-lease back transaction or any transaction in which the
consideration consists of less than 100 cash. In addition, pursuant to this arrangement with Mr. Knott, internal rate of return means, as of any measurement date, the interest rate (compounded annually) which, when used as the discount
rate to calculate the net present value as of the date of the offer letter of the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all stockholder proceeds and (B) the aggregate amount of all stockholder investments, causes such net present value to equal zero.
For purposes of the net present value calculation, (1) stockholder proceeds must be positive numbers, (2) stockholder investments must be negative numbers, (3) the stockholder proceeds and stockholder investments will be deemed to have been received
or made on the first date of the month nearest to the actual date of such receipt or payment and (4) the aggregate amount of all stockholder proceeds will be net of all fees and expenses of any kind and all bonus payments made to Mr.
Knott under this arrangement. Stockholder investments means all debt, guaranties of debt to the extent that the guaranty is called and drawn, equity and working capital infused by the stockholders of CPG Finance into CPG Finance and its
subsidiaries. Stockholder proceeds means the consideration received by the stockholders of CPG Finance in respect of the stockholder investments upon a change in control. 44 
 Separation Benefit Agreements and Other Covenants We have entered into separation benefit agreements with our Named Executive Officers providing for severance benefits under
certain circumstances, as described below. On January 10, 2006, we entered into a separation benefit agreement
(the Knott Separation Agreement with Jack Knott, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and this separation benefit agreement was amended on January 22, 2008. Pursuant to the Knott Separation Agreement, as amended, we
agreed to pay Mr. Knott 560,000 over a one-year period in the event that we terminate Mr. Knott without cause or if we fail to retain Mr. Knott in a similar position within the period beginning 30 days prior to and ending 180 days after a change of
control. For purposes of this agreement, cause means: conviction of any felony, or the conviction of a misdemeanor which involves
moral turpitude or plea of nolo contende to either; the commission of an act of dishonesty, theft, destruction of property, fraud,
embezzlement or unethical business conduct with respect to the Company; any violation of Company policy; any uncured violation of any agreement with the Company
or CPG Finance; and any failure to abide by any directive of the Company or its CPG Finance. In addition, for purposes of this agreement, change of control means the following, subject to certain exceptions: any consolidation, merger or other transaction in which CPG Finance is not the surviving entity or which results in the acquisition of all or substantially all of CPG Finance s outstanding shares of common stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons or entities acting in concert; or certain sales or transfers of all
or substantially all of the assets of CPG Finance. We also agreed to pay Mr. Knott s health and
welfare benefits for one year following termination. After such one-year period, we will provide Mr. Knott with health and welfare benefit availability under COBRA for a period of up to 18 additional months. We have also entered into separation benefit agreements with our other Named Executive Officers. Pursuant to these separation
agreements, we agreed to pay the other Named Executive Officers their then-existing base salary over a one-year period, as well as the pro-rata amounts earned under the Management Incentive Program, in the event that we terminate the Named Executive
Officer without cause (see definition above) or if we fail to retain the Named Executive Officer in a similar position within the period beginning 30 days prior to and ending 180 days after a change of control (see definition above). Pursuant to stock option grant agreements that CPG Finance has entered into with each of our Named Executive Officers, each of
our Named Executive Officers has agreed to abide by certain covenants including: confidentiality covenants; a covenant not to solicit any person who has been one of our employees during the last twelve months, which survives for two years following termination of employment; a covenant not to solicit any of our
clients, customer, or vendors, which survives for one year after termination of employment; a covenant not to disparage or defame us; and a covenant not to compete with us, which
survives for one year after termination of employment. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation There are no nonqualified deferred compensation agreements in place for our Named Executive Officers at December 31, 2009. Director Compensation None of our directors are compensated for serving as a director. Directors are reimbursed for actual expenses incurred in attending board meetings. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participations We do not currently have a compensation committee. Jack Knott, our Chief Executive Officer and current Chairman of our Board of Directors, participated in deliberations with our Board of
Directors concerning executive officer compensation. 45 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information about the shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of our existing equity
compensation plans as of December 31, 2009: 

(c) 

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 future issuance under 

Numbe r of securities to 
 
 Weighted-average 
 
 equity compensation 

be issued upon exercise 
 
 exercise price of 
 
 plans (excluding 

of outstanding options, 
 
 outstanding options, 
 
 securities reflected in 
 
 Plan Category 
 
 warrants and rights 
 
 warrants and rights 
 
 column (a)) 
 
 Equity compens ation plans approved by s ecurity holder 
 
 76,400 
 
 102 per option 
 
 23,600 
 
 Equity compens ation plans not approved by the s ecurity holder 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 
 76,400 
 
 102 per option 
 
 23,600 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Upon completion of the Consolidation, Exopack Key Holdings became our sole stockholder. Exopack Key Holdings is 100.0 owned by CPG Finance, Inc., an affiliate of Sun Capital. On December
12, 2005, CPG Finance granted options to purchase 77,500 shares of its common stock to members of our management and certain key employees. Additionally, during 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006, CPG Finance granted options to purchase zero, 23,550, 12,750
and 3,950 shares, respectively, of its common stock to certain key employees of our Company and 7,700 , 7,600, 10,850 and 15,200 options, respectively, were forfeited. None of the options currently
outstanding have been exercised. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Management Services
Agreements On July 14, 2005, Cello-Foil Holding entered into a management services agreement with Sun Capital
Partners Management IV, LLC Sun Capital Management ), an affiliate of our ultimate parent company. Pursuant to the terms of this agreement, Sun Capital Management provided Cello-Foil Holding with certain financial and management
consulting services. On October 13, 2005, when Cello-Foil Holding Corp. became our wholly-owned subsidiary, the management services agreement with Cello-Foil Holding Corp. was terminated and we entered into a new management services agreement with
Sun Capital Management. The new management services agreement was amended on January 31, 2006. Pursuant to the
terms of the new management services agreement, as amended, Sun Capital Management provides financial and management consulting services to us, subject to the supervision of our Board of Directors. In exchange for these services, we pay Sun Capital
Management an annual management fee equal to the greater of 1.0 million or 2.0 of EBITDA (as defined in the agreement and as amended on January 31, 2006). We incurred approximately 1.4 million and 1.5 million in management fees and other related
expenses under the management services agreement for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In addition to this general management fee, in connection with any management services provided to us, our direct or indirect
subsidiaries, or stockholders with respect to certain corporate transactions including, without limitation, re-financings, restructurings, equity or debt offerings, acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, business consolidations, sales and
divestitures, Sun Capital Management is entitled to 1.0 of the aggregate consideration of the corporate transaction as well as any customary and reasonable fees. In this regard we paid Sun Capital Management 231,000 in management consulting
services during the year ended December 31, 2007. We incurred approximately 21,000 and 73,000 for certain consulting fees from Sun Capital Management during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 ,
respectively . We also agreed to reimburse Sun Capital Management for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of the services under this agreement. The management services agreement terminates on October 13, 2015. Other Transactions From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we may enter into transactions with entities in which affiliates of Sun Capital have an interest. Any such transaction would be subject to compliance with the covenants contained in the
indenture governing the Notes and our Senior Credit Facility. We anticipate that any such transaction would be on arms length terms. In addition, as described in Item 11 of this annual report, we have entered into agreements with our executive
officers and key employees. From time to time, we may also indemnify executive officers, key employees and directors for actions taken in their capacities as such. Director Independence Because we do not have
any securities listed on an exchange, we are not subject to any listing standards requiring any of our directors to be independent. However, applying director independence requirements set forth in section 303A.02 (b) of the NYSE listing
standards, we believe that Messrs. Alger, Terry and Brody could reasonably be considered to be independent , due to the lack of a direct compensation paid to such persons
by us and the fact that the management fees paid by us to Sun Capital did not exceed 2 of our consolidated net sales for any of the three most recent fiscal years. Such directors would not, however, satisfy the independence standards for audit committees set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 46 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The following fees of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were incurred by the Company for services related to the years ended December
31, 2009 and 2008. Audit Fees Audit fees totaled approximately 775,000 for 2009 and 676,000 for 2008. These fees were for services associated with the audits and quarterly reviews of our consolidated financial
statements. Audit-Related Fees Fees for audit-related services typically include due diligence in connection with acquisitions and related accounting consultations, compliance with financing arrangements and attest
services not required by statute or regulation. There were no audit-related fees incurred by the Company for 2009 and 2008. Tax Fees
 Fees for tax services typically include tax compliance , tax advice
and tax planning. There were no tax fees incurred by the Company during 2009 or 2008 for services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. All Other Fees All other fees would typically include services not included in audit fees,
audit-related fees and tax fees. We did not incur any other fees during 2009 or 2008 for services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our Audit Committee pre-approves the services
provided to us by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements. If management proposes to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
for other audit or permitted non-audit services, our Audit Committee pre-approves these services on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee approved all the services provided to us by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP described above. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following documents are being filed as part of this annual report. 

1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 
 
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

The schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are
inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 
 3. 
 Exhibits The
list of exhibits in the Exhibit Index to this annual report is incorporated herein by reference. Supplemental Information to be
furnished with reports filed pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Act by registrants which have not registered securities pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Act The registrant has not and will not provide an annual report for its last fiscal year to its security holders, other than this
annual report on Form 10-K, and has not and will not send any proxy statement, form of proxy or other proxy soliciting material to more than 10 of the registrant s security holders with respect to any annual or other meeting of security
holders. 47 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Exopack Holding Corp. 

March 31, 2010 

By: 
 /s/ Jack E. Knott 

Jack E. Knott 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity in Which Signed 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jack E. Knott 
 
 Director, Chairman and 
 
 March 31, 2010 
 
 Jack E. Knott 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jonathan Heard 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2010 
 
 Jonathan Heard 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael E. Alger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2010 
 
 Michael E. Alger 

/s/ Clarence E. Terry 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2010 
 
 Clarence E. Terry 

/s/ Mark Brody 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2010 
 
 Mark Brody 

48 
 EXOPACK HOLDING CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F -2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 
 
 F -3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 
 
 F -4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
 
 F -5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
 
 F -6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F -8 
 F-1

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholder: In our opinion, the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholder's equity and comprehensive income (loss), and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Exopack Holding Corp. and its
subsidiaries (the Company ), at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2009 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP March 31, 2010 Raleigh, North Carolina F-2 

Exopack Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars, except for share and per share data) 

2009 

2008 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

633 

1,712 

Trade accounts receivable (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of 1,592 and 

2,088 for 2009 and 2008, respectively) 

78,394 

83,122 

Other receivables 

3,796 

2,488 

Inventories 

79,972 

91,304 

Deferred income taxes 

3,500 

3,970 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

3,417 

2,934 

Total current assets 

169,712 

185,530 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

174,055 

173,757 

Deferred financing costs, net 

5,197 

6,740 

Intangible assets, net 

65,207 

67,119 

Goodwill 

64,438 

64,372 

Other assets 

2,855 

1,114 

Total assets 

481,464 

498,632 

Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity 

Current liabilities 

Revolving credit facility and current portion of long-term debt 

68,603 

74,492 

Accounts payable 

64,929 

66,362 

Accrued liabilities 

33,779 

39,244 

Income taxes payable 

1,102 

832 

Total current liabilities 

168,413 

180,930 

Long-term liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

220,034 

220,082 

Deferred income taxes 

33,689 

34,112 

Other liabilities 

14,829 

20,776 

Total long-term liabilities 

268,552 

274,970 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholder's equity 

Preferred stock, par value, 0.001 per share - 100,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and 

oustanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value, 0.001 per share - 2,900,000 shares authorized, 1 share issued and 

outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 

- 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

73,230 

72,811 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 

(5,074) 

(12,357) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

(23,657) 

(17,722) 
 
 Total stockholder's equity 

44,499 

42,732 

Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 

481,464 

498,632 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

Exopack Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net sales 

673,733 

781,732 

676,073 

Cost of sales 

596,764 

699,524 

603,675 

Gross margin 

76,969 

82,208 

72,398 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

55,894 

57,179 

49,508 

Operating income 

21,075 

25,029 

22,890 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 

28,592 

30,991 

28,884 

Other (income) expense , net 

(468) 

1,371 

(1,548) 
 
 Net other expense 

28,124 

32,362 

27,336 

Loss before income taxes 

(7,049) 

(7,333) 

(4,446) 
 
 Benefit from income taxes 

(1,114) 

(1,215) 

(541) 
 
 Net loss 

(5,935) 

(6,118) 

(3,905) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 

Exopack Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common Stock 

Paid -in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

(in thousands of dollars, except for share data) 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Capital 

I ncome (Loss 

Deficit 

Total 

Income (Loss) 

Balances at January 1, 2007 
 
 1 

- 

72,018 

1,638 

(7,699) 

65,957 

Stock compensation expense 
 
 - 

- 

177 

- 

- 

177 

Net loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(3,905) 

(3,905) 

(3,905) 
 
 Cumulative translation adjustment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

2,342 

- 

2,342 

2,342 

Pension liability (net of income taxes of 268) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

437 

- 

437 

437 

Total comprehensive loss 

(1,126) 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2007 
 
 1 

- 

72,195 

4,417 

(11,604) 

65,008 

Stock compensation expense 
 
 - 

- 

616 

- 

- 

616 

Net loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(6,118) 

(6,118) 

(6,118) 
 
 Cumulative translation adjustment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

(7,489) 

- 

(7,489) 

(7,489) 
 
 Pension liability (net of income taxes of 5,691) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

(9,285) 

- 

(9,285) 

(9,285) 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 

(22,892) 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2008 
 
 1 

- 

72,811 

(12,357) 

(17,722) 

42,732 

Stock compensation expense 
 
 - 

- 

419 

- 

- 

419 

Net loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

(5,935) 

(5,935) 

(5,935) 
 
 Cumulative translation adjustment 
 
 - 

- 

- 

3,927 

- 

3,927 

3,927 

Pension liability (net of income taxes of 2,370) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

3,356 

- 

3,356 

3,356 

Total comprehensive income 

1,348 

Balances at December 31, 2009 
 
 1 

- 

73,230 

(5,074) 

(23,657) 

44,499 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 
 Exopack Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

(5,935) 

(6,118) 

(3,905) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

25,455 

24,504 

19,594 

Deferred income tax benefit 

(2,447) 

(2,247) 

(976) 
 
 Stock compensation expense 

419 

616 

177 

Recovery of bad debts 

(1,089) 

(267) 

(323) 
 
 Loss on sales and disposition of property, plant and equipment 

1,313 

1,757 

1,311 

Impairment of property, plant and equipment 

- 

- 

593 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

7,800 

(8,414) 

(3,556) 
 
 Inventories 

13,400 

75 

3,555 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(2,647) 

1,376 

(2,972) 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 

(10,532) 

603 

(5,011) 
 
 Income tax receivable/payable 

241 

1,074 

4,322 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

25,978 

12,959 

12,809 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Investment in joint venture 

(400) 

- 

- 

Acquisition of EAC and EPF, net of cash acquired 

- 

(389) 

(48,900) 
 
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment, including capitalized software 

(26,421) 

(19,149) 

(23,244) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 

7,081 

512 

358 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(19,740) 

(19,026) 

(71,786) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . F-6
 
 Exopack Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayment of subordinated term loans 

(48) 

(113) 

(88) 
 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility 

724,107 

1,078,998 

859,183 

Repayments of revolving credit facility 

(730,980) 

(1,073,626) 

(799,034) 
 
 Financing costs paid on senior notes and senior credit facility 

- 

(110) 

(671) 
 
 Repayments of capital lease obligation 

- 

- 

(2) 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(6,921) 

5,149 

59,388 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(396) 

1,322 

412 

(Decrease) increase in cash 

(1,079) 

404 

823 

Cash 

Beginning of year 

1,712 

1,308 

485 

End of year 

633 

1,712 

1,308 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Income taxes refunded 

20 

387 

3,983 

Income taxes paid 

1,157 

364 

76 

Interest paid 

27,055 

29,642 

27,360 

Non-cash investing activities : 

Accrued Transaction Costs related to EPF 

Acquisition (Note 1) 

- 

- 

991 

Net Working Capital Receivable related to EPF 

Acquisition (Note 1) 

- 

- 

(453) 

Increase in obligation to former shareholders of Exopack 

- 

- 

175 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 

Exopack Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 1. Organization, Acquisitions and Merger On July 14, 2005, Cello-Foil Products and its subsidiary Cello-Foil were acquired (the Cello-Foil Acquisition by Cello-Foil Holding Corporation, an affiliate of
Sun Capital Partners, Inc. Cello-Foil is a flexible plastic-based packaging manufacturer that specializes in laminating and printing. On
September 7, 2005, Cello-Foil Holding Corporation acquired certain assets of The Packaging Group TPG (the TPG Acquisition ). TPG manufactures flexible plastic-based packaging materials used primarily in the food and
industrial end markets. On October 13, 2005, Exopack Holding Corporation was acquired by Exopack Integrated, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Exopack Key Holdings, LLC (the Exopack Acquisition ). Exopack Key Holdings , LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CPG Finance, Inc. CPG ), an affiliate of Sun Capital Partners,
Inc. Concurrently with the Exopack Acquisition, Exopack Integrated, Inc. merged with and into Exopack Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Merger ), with Exopack Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries Exopack surviving the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exopack Key Holdings , LLC . Exopack is a manufacturer and distributor of flexible packaging for industrial and consumer products. Concurrently with the Merger, a merger and contribution agreement was entered into by and among various affiliates of Sun Capital Partners, Inc. Sun
Capital pursuant to which Cello-Foil Holding Corporation became a subsidiary of Exopack Integrated, Inc. (which, as noted above, merged with and into Exopack). As a result, Exopack (the Company owns 100 of the stock of
Cello-Foil Holding Corporation, as well as 100 of the membership interest in Exopack, LLC. On August 6, 2007, the Company acquired 100 of the
membership interests of InteliCoat Technologies Image Products Matthews, LLC and 100 of the outstanding shares of its affiliate, InteliCoat Technologies EF Holdco, Ltd. (collectively, Electronic and Engineered Films Business , or
 EEF ), and also acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of other EEF entities (the EEF Acquisition ). The Company financed the EEF Acquisition primarily through borrowings under its Senior Credit Facility (see
Note 4). EEF, through its parent companies prior to the EEF Acquisition, was previously controlled by an affiliate of Sun Capital. The Company
subsequently renamed this acquired EEF business Exopack Advanced Coatings EAC ). EAC is engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling precision coated films and specialty substrates used fo imaging, electronics, medical and optical technologies from its locations in the state of North Carolina and in North Wales, United Kingdom. On November 28, 2007, the Company acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of DuPont Liquid Packaging System s Liqui-Box performance films business division, including its Whitby, Ontario, Canada operating facility (the EPF Acquisition ). Prior to the acquisition, the Company used Liqui-Box as a vendor for one of its Canadian facilities. The Company subsequently renamed this acquired Liqui-Box business Exopack Performance Films EPF ). EPF is engaged in researching, developing,
manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling films used primarily in the food and industrial markets from its location in Canada. The
Company operates 17 manufacturing facilities located throughout the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada. The Company operates four manufacturing facilities in the pet food and specialty packaging segment, all of which are owned properties. The
Company operates five manufacturing facilities in the food and specialty packaging segment, of which the Company leases one (the Ontario, Canada facility) and owns the remaining four facilities. The Company operates six manufacturing facilities
in the performance packaging segment, of which the Company leases two and owns the remaining four facilities. The Company operates two manufacturing facilities in the coated products segment, both of which the Company leases, including one
manufacturing facility in North Wales, United Kingdom. The Cello-Foil Acquisition, the TPG Acquisition, the Exopack Acquisition, the EEF
Acquisition and EPF Acquisition discussed above have been accounted for under the purchase method of accounting pursuant to guidance related to business combinations issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), and
therefore, the acquisition prices for the Cello-Foil Acquisition, the TPG Acquisition, the Exopack Acquisition, the EEF Acquisition and EPF Acquisition were allocated to the assets and liabilities assumed in each respective transaction based on
estimated fair values. F-8 
 EEF Acquisition On August 6, 2007 the Company acquired for a total purchase price of approximately 33.6 million, (including acquisition costs of approximately 1.4 million) 100 of the membership
interests of InteliCoat Technologies Image Products Matthews, LLC and 100 of the outstanding shares of its affiliate, InteliCoat Technologies EF Holdco, Ltd. (collectively, Electronic and Engineered Films Business , or EEF ),
and also acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of other EEF entities (the EEF Acquisition ). The Company financed the EEF Acquisition primarily through borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility, which is discussed in
Note 4. EEF, through its parent companies prior to the EEF Acquisition, was previously controlled by an affiliate of Sun Capital. The Company subsequently renamed this acquired EEF business Exopack Advanced Coatings EAC ). The net acquisition cost of 33.6 million has been accounted for under the purchase method of accounting reflecting the provisions of FASB guidance related to
accounting for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets and includes the following allocations: 

EEF 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Acquisition 

Assets acquired: 

Trade accounts receivable 

10,242 

Inventories 

5,383 

Other current assets 

1,036 

Property, plant and equipment 

18,535 

Goodwill 

2,911 

Intangible assets 

4,023 

Total assets acquired 

42,130 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

(4,069) 
 
 Accrued liabilities 

(1,913) 
 
 Short term deferred tax liability 

(119) 
 
 Current portion-long term debt 

(111) 
 
 Long term deferred tax liability 

(2,010) 
 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 

(300) 
 
 Total liabilities assumed 

(8,522) 
 
 Net acquisition cost 

33,608 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company increased goodwill related to its coated products segment by approximately 66 ,000 as a
result of foreign currency translation. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company reduced goodwill related to the EEF Acquisition by approximately 890,000 as a result of the finalization of the valuation of definite-lived intangibles and
by approximately 247,000 as a result of foreign currency translation. EPF Acquisition On November 28, 2007 the Company acquired for the total purchase price of approximately 15.7 million (including acquisition costs of approximately 1.7 million, of which 991,000 were paid
during 2008) certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of DuPont Liquid Packaging System s Liqui-Box performance films business segment, including its Whitby, Ontario, Canada operating facility. During 2008, the Company
received 622,000 for the net working capital adjustment due from the seller. This exceeded the Company s original estimate by approximately 169,000, resulting in a corresponding reduction in the purchase price. The Company financed the
Liqui-Box Acquisition primarily through borrowings under a credit facility (see Note 4). Prior to the acquisition, the Company used Liqui-Box as a vendor for one of its Canadian facilities. The Company subsequently renamed this acquired Liqui-Box
business Exopack Performance Films EPF ). F-9 
 The net acquisition cost of 15.7 million has been accounted for under the purchase method of accounting
reflecting the provisions of FASB guidance related to accounting for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets and includes the following allocations: 

EPF 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Acquisition 

Assets acquired: 

Inventories 

5,149 

Prepaids 

35 

Property, plant and equipment 

11,438 

Total assets acquired 

16,622 

Liability assumed: 

Accrued vacation 

(941) 
 
 Net acquisition cost 

15,681 
 
 The above 2007 acquisitions were not material to the Company s results of operations and balance sheet and accordingly, unaudited pro-forma financial information is omitted from these
consolidated financial statements. Variable Interest Entity During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into a joint venture with a third party. The Company determined that the joint venture is a variable interest entity VIE under FASB guidance related to accounting for variable interest entities and that the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The VIE consists of a manufacturing operation, located within an existing manufacturing
facility owned by the joint venture partner in Lebanon, used to co-extrude polyethylene film for use in flexible packaging. The VIE is in the process of purchasing and installing the necessary extrusion equipment and currently anticipates production
to commence in the second quarter of 2010. The Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the unconsolidated VIE is limited to the Company s recorded investment in this VIE, which was approximately 400,000 at
December 31, 2009. Subsequent to December 31, 2009, the Company invested an additional 250,000 in the VIE. The Company may be subject to additional losses to the extent of any financial support that the Company provides in the future. F-10 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of
Estimates The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These
estimates and assumptions are reasonable based upon management s best estimates and judgments. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates estimates, including those related to the estimate of uncollectible accounts receivable and the estimate
of excess and obsolete inventories. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other factors (including the current economic environment), the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of asset and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The Company adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Volatility in the credit, equity and foreign currency markets and in the world
markets for petroleum, and declines in consumer spending have combined to increase the uncertainty inherent in such estimates and assumptions. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The following accounting policies significantly affect the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements: Principles of Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions Translation of the financial
statements of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, whose functional currency is the Canadian dollar and British pound, occurs using the current exchange rate at year end for the balance sheet and the weighted-average exchange rate during the
reporting period for results of operations. The resulting currency translation adjustment is accumulated and reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses on foreign
currency transactions are included in the consolidated statements of operations for the period in which the transaction occurs. The consolidated statements of cash flows include the effect of foreign currency cash flows using the weighted-average
exchange rate during the reporting period. Cash Cash includes cash on hand and in banks. The Company has no cash instruments which are considered to be cash equivalents. Accounts payable in the accompanying balance sheets includes
approximately 9.0 million and 12.0 million in book cash overdrafts for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Inventories At December 31, 2009 and 2008, inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on the
first-in, first-out FIFO method. Inventories are stated net of the reserve for excess and obsolete inventories. Property,
Plant, and Equipment The Company records property, plant and equipment at cost and includes interest capitalized during the construction
period, if material. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are 30 years for buildings and improvements, 10 years for machinery and equipment, and 3-7 years
for other depreciable assets. The cost of property, plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts upon the retirement or disposal of such assets and the resulting gain or loss is recognized at the time of
disposition. Maintenance and repairs that do not improve efficiency or extend economic life are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was approximately 21.3 million, 20.1 million
and 14.5 million, respectively. No interest was capitalized during any of the periods presented. Deferred Financing
Costs Costs related to the issuance of debt are amortized as a component of interest expense over the term of the related debt using the
straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Deferred financing costs related to financing arrangements in place at December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were approximately 5.2 million, 6.7 million and 8.3
million (net of accumulated amortization of approximately 5.5 million, 4.0 million and 2.5 million, respectively). F-11 
 Capitalization of Software for Internal Use The Company capitalizes costs associated with software developed or obtained for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and management has authorized further
funding for the project which it deems probable of completion for the intended use. Capitalization of these costs ceases at the point at which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. Once completed, capitalized
software is amortized over its estimated useful life of 3 years. Capitalized software is classified in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and was approximately 1.3 million and 447,000 at December 31, 2009 and
2008, respectively. Amortization of capitalized software costs was approximately 608,000, 340,000 and 615,000, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of net assets acquired in purchase business combinations. The Company had total goodwill of approximately 64.4 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, from the Cello-Foil and Exopack Acquisitions in 2005 and the EEF acquisition in 2007. During
the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company increased goodwill related to its coated products segment by approximately 66 ,000 as a result of foreign currency translation. During the year ended December
31, 2008, the Company reduced goodwill related to its coated products segment by approximately 890,000 as a result of the finalization of the valuation of definite-lived intangibles and by approximately 247,000 as a result of foreign currency
translation. The Company has determined that it consists of four reporting units for the purpose of the goodwill impairment test under FASB guidance related to goodwill and other intangible assets. The Company performs its annual impairment analysis
on December 31 of each year based on a comparison of each reporting unit s estimated fair value compared to the reporting unit s carrying amount on that date. Estimated fair value is determined based on a combination of discounted cash
flows and industry multiples. No impairment of goodwill was noted at December 31, 2009 or 2008 as the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its
 carrying value. At December 31, 2009, approximately 26.2 million, 14.0 million, 21.6 million and 2.6 million of goodwill was
assigned to the pet food and specialty packaging segment, the food and specialty packaging segment, the performance packaging segment and the coated products segment, respectively. Goodwill, with the exception of approximately 1.9 million assigned
to the Company s coated products segment, is not deductible for income tax purposes. Intangible assets Contractual or separable intangible assets that have finite useful lives are being amortized against income using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives of 10 to15 years. The straight-line method of amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the costs of the intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount of economic benefits obtained by the Company in each
reporting period. The Company tests finite-lived assets whenever there is an impairment indicator and indefinite lived assets for impairment on an annual basis. Finite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing anticipated
related undiscounted future cash flows from operations to the carrying value of the asset. Indefinite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the asset to the carrying value of the asset. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The
Company reviews long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. For property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company performs undiscounted
operating cash flow analyses to determine if impairment exists. If impairment is determined to exist, any related impairment loss is calculated based upon comparison of the estimated fair value to the net carrying value of the assets. Impairment
losses on assets held for sale are based on the estimated proceeds to be received, less costs to sell. During the year ended December 31, 2007,
the Company recorded an impairment charge of approximately 593,000 for certain machinery and equipment to be disposed of as a result of new equipment coming on-line in 2008 at one plant in the pet food and specialty packaging segment and one plant
in the performance packaging segment. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded accelerated depreciation expense of approximately 1.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively, based on changes in the estimated useful
lives of several pieces of equipment, primarily in the food and specialty packaging segment and to a lesser extent other operating segments. See discussion of the measurement methodology for potential impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets above. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company reduced the useful life of two patents due to the loss of business
from which the patents derived their value. The Company recorded approximately 393,000 of additional amortization expense during 2008 related to these patents which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations. F-12 During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company determined that it would no longer use the Cello-Foil trademark and trade name in conducting its
operations and began the process of phasing out the use of the trademark and trade name. In accordance with FASB guidance related to the accounting for impairment or disposal of long-lived assets , the Company determined that the Cello-Foil trademark and trade name no longer had a useful life as a
result of its phase-out and recorded a charge of approximately 1.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2007 to reflect the acceleration of amortization. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and as a reduction of the food and specialty packaging segment operating income in Note 11. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net
loss, adjustments to the Company s minimum pension liability and unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation. All elements of other comprehensive income (loss) have related tax effects with the exception of unrealized gains and
losses on foreign currency translation, as undistributed earnings of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are considered to be permanently invested. The following table represents the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign 

Currency 

Pension and 

Accumulated 

Translation 

Post Retirement 

Cumulative Tax 

Comprehensive 

Year 

Adjustments 

Plans 

Effect on Liability 

Income (Loss) 

Balance at 

December 31, 2007 

2,739 

2,707 

(1,029) 

4,417 

Change during 2008 

(7,489) 

(14,976) 

5,691 

(16,774) 
 
 Balance at 

December 31, 2008 

(4,750) 

(12,269) 

4,662 

(12,357) 
 
 Change during 2009 

3,927 

5,726 

(2,370) 

7,283 

Balance at 

December 31, 2009 

(823) 

(6,543) 

2,292 

(5,074) 
 Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes sales revenue when all of the
following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, delivery has occurred, the Company s price to the buyer is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Sales and related cost of sales are
principally recognized upon transfer of title to the customer, which generally occurs upon shipment of products. The Company s stated shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point unless otherwise noted in the customer contract. Sales to
certain customers are on consignment and revenue is recognized when the customer uses the products. Provisions for estimated returns and allowances and customer rebates are recorded when the related products are sold. Shipping and Handling Costs Shipping and
handling fees billed to customers are included in net sales with the corresponding cost of such services recognized in cost of sales. Research and Development Costs Research and development costs are charged to Selling, general, and administrative
expenses as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, research and development expense was approximately 3.1 million, 3.0 million and 2.2 million, respectively. Income Taxes Income taxes are recorded under the asset and liability method
whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company does not currently intend to repatriate earnings,
if any, from foreign jurisdictions, and considers these earnings to be permanently invested overseas, and as a result, no deferred tax liability has been recognized associated with these earnings. It is not currently practicable to estimate the
income tax liability that might be incurred if such earnings were repatriated. The Company adopted updated FASB guidance related to accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes on January 1, 2007. This updated guidance clarifies the accounting and reporting for uncertainties in income tax law. This guidance prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. F-13
 
 Pursuant to FASB guidance related to uncertainty of income tax, the Company has analyzed its tax positions and has
determined that no reserves for uncertain income tax positions are needed. United States federal income tax return periods beginning as of January 1, 2005, Canadian income tax return periods beginning as of January 1, 2004 and United Kingdom income
tax return periods beginning as of January 1, 2008 are open for examination. The IRS completed its examination of the tax year ended December 31, 2006 on November 6, 2009 with no further adjustments other than the immaterial temporary differences
previously accounted for in the year ended December 31, 2008. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change to its financial
position within the next twelve months. The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits
is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. Penalties are recorded in other expense (income), net and interest is recorded in interest expense, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no significant
interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 or 2007. During the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of approximately 1.9 million and 1.1 million, respectively, as reflected in the income tax benefit on the accompanying statements of operations, against net operating losses
specifically related to the Company s Canadian operations in accordance with the provisions of FASB guidance related to accounting for income taxes. The Company determined that a valuation allowance was necessary given the operating results of
the Canadian operations and anticipates establishing a valuation allowance against future Canadian generated net operating losses; however, future determinations of the need for a valuation allowance will be impacted by Canadian operating results.
 Stock-Based Compensation Officers and certain key employees of the Company have been granted options to purchase non-voting common shares of CPG, the parent company of Exopack Key Holdings , LLC (the sole
stockholder of the Company) under a stock-based compensation plan (the Stock Option Plan which is administered by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of CPG. Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair value method of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements in accordance with revised FASB guidance related to share based
payments , which establishes standards for transactions in which an entity exchanges its
equity instruments for goods or services. This FASB guidance requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The revised FASB
guidance requires nonpublic companies that have used the minimum value method for either recognition or pro forma disclosure purposes to use the prospective method of the new guidance for transition. The prospective method allows
companies to continue to account for previously issued awards that remain outstanding at the date of adopting the new guidance using pre-existing accounting standards and, accordingly, there will be no future compensation expense related to options
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2005, however, this amount is not considered significant. The Company recorded stock compensation expense of approximately 419,000, 616,000 and 177,000 related to options during the years ended December
31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The fair values of the options granted were estimated on the dates of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following results and assumptions for the option grants which occurred in the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007: 

2008 

2007 

Grants 

Grants 

W eighted-average grant date fair value per s hare 
 
 88 

98 

W eighted-averaged expected lives (years) 
 
 10 

10 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 3.79 

4.75 

Volatility 
 
 40.0 

40.0 
 
 There
were no options granted during the year ended December 31, 2009. Environmental Liabilities Various state and federal regulations relating to health, safety and the environment govern the flexible packaging and plastic films and coated products industries, and the Company has
invested substantial effort to prepare for and meet these requirements. While these requirements are continually changing, the Company believes that its operations are in substantial compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental
regulations. Costs associated with cleaning up existing environmental contamination caused by past operations and costs which do not benefit
future periods are expensed. The Company records undiscounted liabilities for environmental costs when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2009 and 2008, management believes there were no material obligations related to environmental matters. Environmental expenses incurred in all of the periods presented herein were insignificant. F-14 
 Pension Plans The Company records annual amounts relating to its pension plans based on calculations which include various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, mortality rates and annual
rates of return on plan assets. These estimates are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations and market conditions. The Company reviews its actuarial assumptions on an annual
basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends. The Company believes that the assumptions used in recording its pension obligation are reasonable based on its experience, market conditions and input from its
actuary and investment advisor. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The Company s financial instruments
principally consist of cash, accounts receivable from customers, accounts payable to vendors, and borrowings under long-term debt agreements. The fair value of the Company s borrowings under its senior credit facility approximate their carrying
value (approximately 68.6 million at December 31, 2009), as those borrowings accrue interest at variable market rates. The fair value of the Company s borrowings under its 220.0 million of 11.25 senior notes due 2014 was approximately 223.6
million and 128.7 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, based on the trading price of the notes at those dates. The fair values of all other financial instruments approximate their carrying value due to their short-term
nature. Concentrations of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade accounts receivable. The Company controls credit risk
through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company does not require collateral for trade accounts receivable. One customer accounted for 12.0 and 11.5 of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2009 and
2008. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the wide variety of customers and markets into which
the Company s products are sold, as well as their dispersion across many different geographic areas, primarily in North America. One customer, as a result of the consolidation of two previously existing customers during 2007, primarily within
the Company s pet food and specialty packaging segment accounted for 11.5 , 11.8 and 13.7 of the Company s net sales during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Reclassifications Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified in
order to conform with the 2009 presentation. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In December 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance for employers disclosures about postretirement benefit plan assets, which provides guidance on an employer s disclosures
about plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan. This guidance is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2009. The adoption of this guidance for the year ended December 31, 2009 expanded the Company s
disclosure on its defined benefit pension plans and its other postretirement plan. In June 2009, the FASB issued authoritative guidance for the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), which establishes the ASC as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial
statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). This guidance is effective for financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. The adoption of this guidance for the year
ended December 31, 2009 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In June 2009, the FASB issued
SFAS No. 167, Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R ), a grandfathered standard under
ASC, to amend the consolidation guidance that applies to variable interest entities to require an enterprise to perform an analysis to determine whether the enterprise s variable interest or interests give it a controlling financial interest in
a variable interest entity. The standard requires ongoing reassessments of whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. The standard is effective as of the beginning of each reporting entity s first annual
reporting period that begins after November 15, 2009, and for interim periods within that first annual reporting period. The adoption of this guidance for the year ended December 31, 2010 is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. F-15 
 3. Balance Sheet Information The major components of certain
balance sheet accounts at December 31, 2009 and 2008 are as follows: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Inventories 

Raw materials and supplies 

33,592 

36,440 

Work in progress 

10,376 

11,699 

Finished goods 

36,004 

43,165 

Total inventories 

79,972 

91,304 

Property, plant and equipment 

Land 

5,578 

5,336 

Buildings and improvements 

41,840 

40,058 

Machinery and equipment 

181,280 

164,524 

Other 

3,785 

3,397 

Construction in progress 

7,027 

6,730 

Gross property, plant, and equipment 

239,510 

220,045 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

(65,455) 

(46,288) 
 
 Net property, plant, and equipment 

174,055 

173,757 

Intangible assets 

Definite-lived intangible assets: 

Customer lists (amortized over 10-15 years 

17,089 

17,036 

Patents (amortized over 2-15 years 

4,262 

4,262 

Trademarks and tradenames (amortized over 15 years 

1,180 

1,157 

22,531 

22,455 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

(8,324) 

(6,336) 
 
 Net d efinite-lived intangible assets 

14,207 

16,119 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets - trademarks and tradenames 

51,000 

51,000 

Net intangible assets 

65,207 

67,119 

Accrued liabilities 

Interest 

10,342 

10,348 

Vacation 

5,949 

6,269 

Payroll and bonuses 

3,125 

4,965 

Pension liability to be funded within one year (see Note 5) 

1,406 

1,236 

Workers compensation 

1,584 

2,221 

Medical insurance claims 

3,202 

5,183 

Accrued Severance (see Note 7) 

2,092 

873 

Customer rebates 

1,377 

1,827 

Property taxes 

1,327 

1,116 

Accrued utilities 

1,042 

1,112 

Accrued freight 

857 

878 

Other 

1,476 

3,216 

33,779 

39,244 

Other liabilities 

Liability for pension benefits (see Note 5) 

13,021 

19,007 

Postretirement medical benefits (see Note 5) 

543 

466 

Deferred compensation liability (see Note 5) 

377 

429 

Deferred rent 

743 

705 

Other 

145 

169 

14,829 

20,776 
 
 Amortization expense for definite-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was approximately 2.0 million, 2.1 million (excluding
approximately 393,000 of amortization due to adjustment of useful life for patents, see Note 2) and 1.8 million (excluding amortization related to the adjustment of the useful life for the Cello-Foil trade name of 1.3 million, see Note 2),
respectively. Estimated future annual amortization for definite-lived customer lists, patents, and trademarks/trade names for 2010 through 2014 is approximately 1.9 million per year. F-16 
 4. Fin ancing Arrangements The balances due under debt agreements at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were as follows: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 
 
 Senior Notes 

220,000 

220,000 
 
 Senior Credit Facility 

68,555 

74,444 
 
 Subordinated Term Loan 

82 

130 
 
 Total debt 

288,637 

294,574 
 
 Less : Current portion 

68,603 

74,492 
 
 Total long-term debt 

220,034 

220,082 
 Issuance of Senior Notes On January 31,
2006, the Company completed an unregistered private offering of 220.0 million aggregate principal amount of 11.25 Senior Notes due 2014. Pursuant to an exchange offer effective December 22, 2006, the Company exchanged all of the 11.25 Senior
Notes for 11.25 Senior Notes registered under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933 (the Notes ). Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1. The Notes mature on February 1, 2014, unless previously redeemed, and the Company will not be required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payment prior to maturity except in
connection with a change in ownership or in the event of a sale of certain assets. The Company may redeem all or a portion of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100.0 of the principal amount of the Notes, plus a premium declining ratably to
par (as defined in the indenture), plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption . The Company has
no plans to redeem the Notes at this time. The Company and all of its domestic restricted subsidiaries have fully and unconditionally guaranteed
the Notes, which guarantees are fully secured by the assets of such guarantors. See Note 14 for consolidating financial information required by Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X. The Notes place certain restrictions on the Company including, but not
limited to, the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends, make investments, consummate certain asset sales, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate with any other person or
sell or otherwise dispose of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. Senior Credit Facility On January 31, 2006, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of financial institutions. On August 6, 2007, the
Company amended this facility to provide for an increase in the maximum credit facility to 75.0 million, which includes a Canadian dollar sub-facility available to the Company s Canadian subsidiaries for up to 15.0 million (or the Canadian
dollar equivalent). A reserve is established in the U.S. for the U.S. dollar equivalent of amounts outstanding under the Canadian sub-facility. On October 31, 2007 the Company amended this facility to provide for an increase in the maximum credit
facility to 110.0 million and amended certain borrowing base limitations (the Senior Credit Facility ). The Senior Credit Facility also provides the Company s domestic and Canadian subsidiaries with letter of credit sub-facilities.
Availability under the Senior Credit Facility is subject to borrowing base limitations for both the U.S. and the Canadian subsidiaries, as defined in the loan agreement. The Senior Credit Facility matures on January 31, 2011. Under the terms of the
Company s lock box arrangement, remittances automatically reduce the revolving debt outstanding on a daily basis and therefore the Senior Credit Facility is classified as a current liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At
December 31, 2009, approximately 25.1 million was available for borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility. Interest on the Senior Credit
Facility will accrue on amounts outstanding under the U.S. facility at a variable annual rate equal to the U.S. Index Rate (as defined in the loan agreement) plus 0.5 or, upon the Company s prior notice, at an annual rate equal to LIBOR plus
1.5 . Interest will accrue on amounts outstanding under the Canadian facility at a variable annual rate equal to the Canadian Index Rate (as defined in the loan agreement) plus 0.5 or, upon the Company s prior notice, at an annual rate equal
to the BA Rate (as defined in the loan agreement) plus 1.5 . The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility at December 31, 2009 was 1.8 . The Senior Credit Facility also includes unused facility and
letter-of-credit fees which are reflected in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Senior Credit
Facility is collateralized by substantially all of the Company s tangible and intangible property (other than real property and equipment). In addition, all of the Company s equity interests in its domestic subsidiaries and a portion of
the equity interests in its foreign subsidiaries are pledged to collateralize the Senior Credit Facility. F-17 
 The Senior Credit Facility places certain restrictions on the Company including, but not limited to, the
Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends, make investments, consummate certain asset sales, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or otherwise
dispose of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. At December 31, 2009 and 2008, there were outstanding letters of credit of
approximately 3.2 million and 3.5 million under the Senior Credit Facility, respectively. Subordinated Term Loan On August 3, 2006, the Company entered into a subordinated term loan agreement of approximately 238,000 requiring monthly payments of principal and interest
of approximately 4,000 for a five-year period. The Company has determined interest on the loan using the lender s annual implicit rate of 2.0 . The loan is collateralized by certain machinery and equipment of the Company. At December 31, 2009,
approximately 82,000 is outstanding under this agreement. 5. Employee Benefit Plans The measurement date for defined benefit plan assets and liabilities is December 31, the Company s fiscal year end. A summary of the elements of key employee benefit plans is as
follows: Exopack, LLC Defined Benefit Plans The pension assets and obligations of the Retirement Plan of Exopack, LLC (the Retirement Plan and the pension obligations of the Exopack, LLC Pension Restoration Plan for
Salaried Employees (the Restoration Plan (collectively, the Pension Plans were transferred to and assumed by the Company in connection with the Exopack Acquisition in 2005. Substantially all full-time employees of Exopack,
LLC hired prior to June 30, 2003 were eligible to participate in the Retirement Plan. The Pension Plans were frozen prior to the Exopack Acquisition in 2005. Accordingly, the employees final benefit calculation under the Pension Plans was the
benefit they had earned under the Pension Plans as of the date the Pension Plans were frozen. This benefit will not be diminished, subject to the terms and conditions of the Pension Plans, which will remain in effect. In 2007 the Company adopted FASB guidance related to employer s accounting for defined benefit pension and other post retirement plans , the adoption of which did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. In 2009, the Company adopted additional FASB guidance related to additional disclosure for employer s accounting for defined benefit, pension and other post retirement plans. The following sets forth the information related to the
changes in the benefit obligations of the Pension Plans and change in plan assets of the Retirement Plan and a reconciliation of the funded status of the Pension Plans for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Change in benefit obligation 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year - January 1 

53,737 

53,020 

Interest cost 

3,207 

3,110 

Actuarial loss (gains) 

1,142 

(1,240) 
 
 Benefits paid 

(1,472) 

(1,153) 
 
 Benefit obligation at end of year - December 31 

56,614 

53,737 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year - January 1 

33,494 

45,667 

Actual return on plan assets 

8,928 

(12,537) 
 
 Employer contributions 

1,237 

1,517 

Benefits paid 

(1,472) 

(1,153) 
 
 Fair value of plan assets at end of year - December 31 

42,187 

33,494 

Unfunded status of the plan 

(14,427) 

(20,243) 
 
 Accumulated and projected benefit obligation - December 31 

56,614 

53,737 
 
 F-18 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Interest cost 

3,207 

3,110 

Expected return on assets 

(2,673) 

(3,667) 
 
 Amortization of net actuarial loss 

653 

- 

Net periodic benefit (income) cost 

1,187 

(557) 
 
 Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Other comprehensive income at beginning of period - January 1 

12,502 

(2,463) 
 
 Net actuarial loss recognized during the period 

(653) 

- 

Net (gain) loss during the period 

(5,113) 

14,965 

Unrecognized other comprehensive income at end of period - December 31 

6,736 

12,502 

Total recognized loss (gain) in other comprehensive income 

(5,766) 

14,965 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income 

(4,579) 

14,408 
 
 The weighted-average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for the Pension Plans at December 31, 2009 and 2008 was 5.90 and 6.10 , respectively. The Company sets its
discount rate annually in relationship to movements in published benchmark rates to match the timing of the Company's benefit payments . Since the Pension Plans are frozen there is no weighted-average rate
of compensation increase used in the determination of the benefit obligation. The accumulated benefit obligation for the Pension Plans was
approximately 56.6 million and 53.7 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The resulting unfunded pension liability at December 31, 2009 and 2008 was approximately 14.4 million and 20.2 million, respectively. The cumulative
increase in other comprehensive income before tax was approximately 5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. Components of the net
periodic pension benefit cost (income) for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 are as follows: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Interest cost 

3,207 

3,110 

2,924 

Expected return on plan assets 

(2,673) 

(3,667) 

(3,214) 
 
 A mortization of net actuarial losses 

653 

- 

- 

Net periodic benefit cost (income) 

1,187 

(557) 

(290) 
 The weighted-average discount rate used to determine the benefit cost for the Pension Plans was 6.10 , for the year ended December 31, 2009, 6.00 for the year ended December 31, 2008 and
5.75 for the year ended December 31, 2007. The expected rate of return on plan assets used to determine the benefit cost for the Retirement Plan was 8.0 for each of the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. Based on current global stock
market valuations, the Company expects to incur net periodic benefit costs of approximately 540,000 in 2010. The Company expects approximately
 10 5 ,000 in accumulated other comprehensive income to be reclassified into net period cost in 2010 related to unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses. There are no unrecognized prior service costs or
transition obligations for the Pension Plans at December 31, 2009. The Company s overall investment strategy is to achieve a mix of
investments for long-term growth and near-term benefit payments through diversification of asset types, fund strategies and fund managers. Investment risk is measured on an on-going basis through annual liability measurements, periodic
asset/liability studies, and quarterly investment portfolio reviews. The plans invest in the following major asset categories: equity securities and fixed income securities. At December 31, 2009 and 2008, pension investments did not include any
direct investments in the Company s stock or the Company s debt. F-19 
 The weighted-average allocation of plan assets by asset category for the Retirement Plan at December 31, 2009
and 2008 was as follows: 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Asset category 

Equity securities 
 70.0 

58.0 

Fixed income securities 
 30.0 

42.0 

100.0 

100.0 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company s targeted allocation, by asset category, 65 for was equity securities and 35 for fixed income securities. The Company
establishes its weighted-average expected long-term return on plan assets considering various factors, which include the targeted asset allocation percentages, historical return performance and expected future returns. The following table sets forth, by category and within the fair value hierarchy, the fair value of the Company s pension assets at December 31, 2009:

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2009 

Quoted Prices in 

Active Markets 

Significant 
 
 Significant 

for Identical Assets 

Observable Inputs 
 
 Unobservable Inputs 

Total 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 
 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Asset category 

Equity investments: 

Mutual funds (1) 
 
 27,961 

27,961 

- 

- 
 
 Management money - equity specialty (2) 
 
 1,383 

- 

1,383 

- 
 
 Fixed income investments: 

Mutual funds (3) 
 
 11,212 

11,212 

- 

- 
 
 Commingled fund - fixed income specialty (4) 
 
 1,631 

- 

1,631 

- 

42,187 

39,173 

3,014 

- 

(1) 
 This class represents actively traded mutual funds of market equities. 
 
 (2) 
 This class represents a managed account specifically for the pension asset trust that primarily consists of common stocks. 
 
 (3) 
 This class represents actively traded mutual funds of fixed income securities. 
 
 (4) 
 This class represents a commingled fund actively managed by investment managers that focuses on fixed income securities. 
 The following table sets forth benefit payments expected to be paid by the Pension Plans for the period indicated: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2010 

1,746 
 
 2011 

2,026 
 
 2012 

2,269 
 
 2013 

2,493 
 
 2014 

2,717 
 
 In aggregate during five years thereafter 

17,095 
 A contribution of approximately 1.4 million is expected to be made to the Retirement Plan in 2010, and no contributions are expected to be required or made to the Restoration Plan in 2010.
At December 31, 2009, the fair value of the assets of the Pension Plans was 42.2 million, up from 33.5 million at December 31, 2008. The significant increase was mainly due to the rebound in global stock prices that occurred during
2009. Retirement Plan for Employees for Exopack Performance Films, Inc. On January 29, 2008, the Company adopted the Retirement Plan for employees of Exopack Performance Films, Inc., retroactive to December 1, 2007. Exopack Performance Films employees at
the Whitby location are eligible to participate in the plan. F-20 
 There are two portions of the plan, a Defined Contribution Plan and a Savings Plan. In the Defined Contribution
Plan, contributions are made by the Company only, and are based on an age and service formula. The supplemental employer contribution to the Defined Contribution Plan is guaranteed for a two-year period that began on December 1, 2007. The Company
contributed a total of approximately 933,000 and 975,000 to the Defined Contribution Plan during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately 542,000 and 606,000 was related to the guaranteed
supplemental employer contribution during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In addition, employees can contribute to the Savings Plan and receive a match of 50 on the first 4 the employee defers to the plan. The total
expense related to the Savings Plan was approximately 116,000 and 129,000 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. During the two year transitional period, which ended November 30, 2009, the employees received a contribution
of 2 in the Savings Plan regardless of their Savings Plan contribution. Total expense for employees who did not participate in the plan was approximately 44,000 and 42,000 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 Savings Plans for the Companies of Exopack The Company has a 401(k) plan, which is a defined contribution plan that covers all full-time employees in the United States. The Company partially matches employee contributions which vest immediately. Expense totaled approximately 2.8
million, 2.9 million and 3.0 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. Profit-Sharing
Plan The Savings Plans for the Companies of Exopack provide s for a profit-sharing contribution
for certain employees, which is based on a percentage of income before income taxes (as defined by the plan), as well as current compensation earned by participants and years of service. Profit-sharing expense under these plans for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was approximately 40,000, 70,000, and zero, respectively. Employees vest in the Company s profit sharing contributions over a six year period, with 10 vesting per year during the first two years of service
and 20 per year thereafter. Postretirement Benefit Plan The Company is obligated to provide healthcare benefits on a restricted basis, to certain employees pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement (the Postretirement
Plan ). F-21 
 The following sets forth the information related to the change in the unfunded accumulated benefit obligation for
the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Change in benefit obligation 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year - January 1 

466 

424 

Service cost 

23 

21 

Interest cost 

29 

25 

Benefits paid 

- 

- 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

25 

(4) 
 
 Benefit obligation at end of year - December 31 

543 

466 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation at the end of year-December 31 

543 

466 

Unfunded Status of the Plan 

(543) 

(466) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Service cost 

23 

21 

Interest cost 

29 

25 

Amortization of net actuarial gains 

(15) 

(16) 
 
 Net periodic postretirement
benefit cost 

37 

30 

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Other comprehensive income at beginning of period - January 1 

(233) 

(245) 
 
 Net actuarial gain recognized during the period 

15 

16 

Net (gain) loss during the period 

25 

(4) 
 
 Unrecognized other comprehensive income at end of period - December 31 

(193) 

(233) 

Total recognized loss (gain) in other comprehensive income 

40 

12 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income 

77 

42 
 
 The significant assumptions used to measure the expected cost of benefits are as follows: Weighted-average assumed health care cost trend rate: 8.5 grading uniformly to 5.0 over an eight-year period for the years ending December 31, 2009, 2008
and 2007 

Weighted-average discount rates for obligation: 5.90 at December 31, 2009 
 6.10 at December 31, 2008 Discount rates for the net periodic benefit cost: 6.10 for the year ended December 31, 2009 6.00 for the year ended December 31, 2008 5.75 for the year ended December 31, 2007 The Company sets its
discount rate annually in relationship to movements in published benchmark rates to match the timing of the Company's benefit payments . The ultimate health care cost trend rate of 5 represents the
Company s best estimate of the long-term average annual health care cost increase over the duration of the postretirement benefit plan s liabilities. The effects of a 1 increase or decrease in assumed health care cost trend rates would have an insignificant effect on both the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for health care
benefits at December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the aggregate of net periodic postretirement health and benefit costs for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. F-22 
 Components of the net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007
are as follows: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Service cost 

23 

21 

21 

Interest cost 

29 

25 

22 

Amortization of net actuarial gains 

(15) 

(16) 

(17) 
 
 Net periodic postretirement benefit cost 

37 

30 

26 
 
 The Company
expects approximately 11,000 in accumulated other comprehensive income to be reclassified into net period cost in 2010 related to unrecognized actuarial gains. There are no unrecognized prior service costs or transition obligations for the
Postretirement Plan at December 31, 2009. The Company expects to incur net periodic postretirement be ne fit costs of approximatley 40,000 in 2010. The following table sets forth benefit payments expected to be paid for the periods indicated: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2010 

7 
 
 2011 

19 
 
 2012 

33 
 
 2013 

44 
 
 2014 

48 
 
 In aggregate for the five years thereafter 

330 
 Other than Company contributions to fund annual benefit payments, no other contributions are expected to be required or made to fund the postretirement benefit obligation in 2010. Stock Option Plan In December 2005, CPG s Board of Directors approved
the establishment of the 2005 Stock Option Plan of CPG Finance, Inc. (the 2005 Stock Option Plan ), in which officers and certain key employees of the Company are able to participate, and reserved 100,000 shares of CPG s non-voting
common shares for the 2005 Stock Option Plan. Under the 2005 Stock Option Plan, options have a term of no longer than ten years and vest ratably over a five year period. The FASB revised guidance related to share based payments in December of 2004. This guidance requires nonpublic companies that have used the minimum value method under the
previous guidance for either recognition or pro forma purposes to use the prospective method of the new guidance for transition. The prospective method allows companies to continue to account for previously issued awards that remain outstanding at
the date of adopting the new guidance using pre-existing accounting standards and, accordingly, there will be no material compensation expense related to the options issued in December 2005. The pro forma impact of the December 2005 options would be
immaterial for disclosure purposes during 2009, 2008 and 2007. The prospective method also requires nonpublic companies to record compensation cost in accordance with the guidance only for awards issued, modified, repurchased, or cancelled after the
effective date. Compensation expense related to options issued subsequent to the adoption of the revised guidance is being recorded ratably over the vesting period of five years. The CPG Board granted 23,550 and 12,750 options to certain of the
Company s officers and key employees during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The CPG Board did not issue any options during the year ended December 31, 2009. The Company recorded related compensation expense of
approximately 419,000, 616,000 and 177,000 during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of December 31, 2009, the total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was approximately 1.3 million.
This compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of 2.5 years. F-23 
 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2009 (there were 800
shares exercisable at an exercise price of 72 per share at December 31, 2009): 

Options Outstanding 

W eighted-average 

Number 
 
 Remaining 

Exercise Price 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 Contractual Life 

72 
 
 47,700 
 
 5.8 years 

130 
 
 1,500 
 
 6.5 years 

140 
 
 7,600 
 
 7.0 years 

184 
 
 1,550 
 
 7.4 years 

163 
 
 13,050 
 
 7.8 years 

140 
 
 5,000 
 
 8.1 years 

76,400 
 
 6.8 years 

W eighted-average 

Weighted-average 
 
 Aggregate 
 
 Remaining 

Options 

Exercise 
 
 Intrinsic 
 
 Contractual 

Outstanding 

Price 
 
 Value 
 
 Life 
 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2008 
 84,100 

104.40 

Granted 
 - 

- 

Forfeited 
 (7,700) 

126.55 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2009 
 76,400 

102.17 
 
 2.9 million 
 
 6.8 years 
 There were 23,600 options available for grant at December 31, 2009 under the 2005 Stock Option Plan. Deferred Compensation Agreements The Company has unfunded deferred
compensation agreements, assumed in connection with the Cello-Foil Acquisition. The Company is obligated to provide certain deferred compensation for these Cello-Foil employees over specified periods beginning at age 62. In addition, the Company has
agreed to provide certain death benefits for the employees to be paid over a specified period. The Company is accruing its obligations over the estimated period of employment of the individuals to age 62. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the
Company had two individuals under the agreements that were receiving benefits. The deferred compensation liability for these agreements was approximately 377,000 and 429,000 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively (recorded in other
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets). Deferred compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was insignificant. Other Benefit Plans The Company maintains a management incentive
compensation plan that provides annual cash awards to eligible management personnel based on both Company and business unit performance against pre-defined goals. The Company recognized charges of approximately 4.3 million, 957,000 and
 900,000 for benefits under the management incentive compensation plan for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 an d 2007, respectively. 6. Capital Structure The Company is authorized to issue 2,900,000 shares of
common stock, consisting of 1,200,000 shares of voting common stock (1 share issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008) Voting Common Stock and 1,700,000 shares of non-voting common stock (no shares issued and outstanding
at December 31, 2009 and 2008) Non-Voting Common Stock ), each with a par value of 0.001 per share. The Voting Common Stock and the Non-Voting Common Stock have identical rights, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and
privileges. However, the holders of the Non-Voting Common Stock have no right to vote on the matters to be voted on by the Company s stockholders, except under a merger or consolidation of the Company into other entities or a recapitalization
or reorganization of the Company in which shares of the Non-Voting Common Stock would be treated differently than the Voting Common Stock. The holders of Voting Common Stock and the holders of Non-Voting Common Stock are entitled to share equally,
share for share, in any dividends declared and payable (see Note 4 with respect to restrictions placed on declarations and payments under financing arrangements). Each share of Voting Common stock is convertible at any time (except under certain
conditions, as defined) into a share of Non-Voting Common Stock. The Company is authorized to issue 100,000 shares of preferred stock with a par
value of 0.001 per share. The rights, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and privileges of such shares are determined by the Board of Directors at each preferred share issuance and may differ from those of any and all other series of
preferred stock. There were no preferred shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008. F-24 

7. Severance Expenses and Exit and Disposal Activities Severance
Expenses During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company terminated certain employees and eliminated their
positions. During the fourth quarter of 2009 the Company extended a voluntary early retirement option to certain salaried employees and a voluntary separation option to certain hourly employees at one of its food and specialty packaging segment
facilities. In connection with these terminations the Company recorded employee termination costs of approximately 3.1 million (excluding severance costs associated with the closure of a facility discussed below) and 2.0 million for the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, which were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Of the approximately 873,000 in severance accrued at December 31, 2008 and
approximately 3.1 million in costs incurred in 2009, of which approximately 2.3 million was incurred during the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company paid approximately 2.0 million through December 31, 2009, so that approximately 2.0 million
remained accrued for employee termination benefits at December 31, 2009 which will be paid in 2010. Exit and Disposal
Activities During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company consolidated the operations of one of its Canadian food and specialty
packaging facilities from two buildings to one building. In conjunction with the consolidation and subsequent sublease of the building to a third party, the Company recorded a discounted lease obligation of approximately 567,000 during the year
ended December 31, 2008. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. There were no exit costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2009 related
to this facility. The Company remains obligated to make payments under a facility lease through August 2015 and, in April 2009, the Company began receiving sublease income to help mitigate the cost of the remaining lease obligation. The remaining
lease obligation related to this facility of approximately 543,000 is reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company ceased using a significant portion of one of its leased Canadian food and specialty packaging facilities and recorded a charge to
pre-tax earnings of approximately 699,000 for the pro-rata portion of the remaining lease payments to be made through the lease term ending December 2009 for the unused area of the facility. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company did not renew the lease on this facility upon its expiration in December of 2009 and there was no remaining lease obligation related to this facility
as of December 31, 2009. There were no exit costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2008 related to this facility. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recorded 831,000 in closure costs, of which 378,000 was recorded in
the fourth quarter, including 404,000 in severance costs related to the closure of this facility. This charge is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The
remaining severance liability related to this closed facility of approximately 122,000 is reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009. In August 2006, the Company ceased production at the pouch production facility of one of its food and specialty packaging operations and transferred pouch production and certain assets of
this facility to other facilities. The Company remains obligated to make payments under a facility lease through June 2010 and executed a sublease in August of 2008 to sublet the facility to help mitigate the cost of the remaining lease obligation.
During the year ended December 31, 2008 the Company increased its future lease obligation by approximately 209,000 with a corresponding charge to Selling, general and administrative expenses , as a result of changing the previously
estimated sublease income to correspond with the actual sublease. There were no exit costs related to this facility as of December 31, 2009. The remaining lease obligation related to this facility of approximately 152,000 is reflected in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009. 8. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company leases certain buildings, equipment, vehicles, warehouses, and office space under the terms of non-cancelable operating leases which expire
through the year 2021. F-25 
 Future annual payments on the operating leases as of December 31, 2009 are as follows: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Year Ending December 31 

2010 

9,283 
 
 2011 

8,276 
 
 2012 

7,586 
 
 2013 

6,781 
 
 2014 

5,828 
 
 2015 and thereafter 

11,116 
 
 Total 

48,870 
 Rent expense for all operating leases amounted to approximately 8.7 million, 7.9 million and 5.5 million (excluding the provision for future rental costs
related to the pouch production facility and the Canadian food and specialty packaging facilities as discussed in Note 7) for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Sale/leaseback Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2009, the
Company completed two equipment sale/leaseback transactions with a third party that resulted in net proceeds of approximately 6.0 million, after fees and deposits. The equipment sold consisted of an extrusion asset and press that were purchased
during 2009. These funds were subsequently used to reduce amounts outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility. Purchase Commitments
 The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cello-Foil, was obligated under an agreement through December 31, 2009 with its major ink
supplier to purchase annually the greater of 4.0 million of ink or 90 of all ink purchases by Cello-Foil from this supplier subject to certain rebates. This agreement expired on December 31, 2009 and was subsequently extended until June 30, 2010.
A new agreement, to begin July 1, 2010 is currently being negotiated with the supplier. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, Cello-Foil purchased approximately 5.7 million, 7.6 million and 6.6 million, respectively, of ink from
this supplier. Capital Project Commitments Related to Property, Plant and Equipment At December 31, 2009, the Company has various capital projects related to property, plant and equipment in progress with approximately 13.8 million in future estimated costs to complete
the projects. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company becomes party to legal proceedings and administrative actions, which are of an ordinary or routine nature, incidental to the operations of the Company. Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any
legal proceeding, in the opinion of the Company s management, such proceedings and actions should not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. F-26 
 9. Income Taxes The following tables present components of the (benefit from) provision for income taxes, the principal items of deferred taxes, and a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. Federal income
tax rate to the effective income tax rate for the years or dates indicated, as applicable: 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes: 

Current 

Federal 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign 

1,245 

853 

277 

State 

92 

126 

141 

1,337 

979 

418 

Deferred 

Federal 

(1,225) 

(1,862) 

23 

Foreign 

(90) 

(78) 

(843) 
 
 State 

(1,136) 

(254) 

(139) 

(2,451) 

(2,194) 

(959) 
 
 Net (benefit from) provision for income taxes

(1,114) 

(1,215) 

(541) 
 The components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities are summarized as follows at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Gross deferred income tax assets 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

16,125 

11,279 

Minimum pension liability 

7,036 

9,426 

Accrued vacation 

1,660 

1,756 

AMT credit carryforwards 

1,190 

1,190 

Accrued workers' compensation liability 

573 

836 

Deferred compensation and future stock option payments 

608 

515 

Net accounts receivable basis difference 

476 

610 

Accrual for medical claims incurred but not reported 

281 

313 

State and other tax credit carryforwards 

444 

444 

Net inventory basis difference 

590 

571 

Other accruals and reserves 

1,178 

777 

30,161 

27,717 

Gross deferred income tax liabilities 

Net fixed asset basis difference 

(33,550) 

(33,117) 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets basis differences 

(19,541) 

(20,043) 
 
 Postretirement and pension accruals 

(1,695) 

(1,728) 
 
 Other 

(751) 

(597) 

(55,537) 

(55,485) 

Gross deferred tax liabilities, net 

(25,376) 

(27,768) 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 

(4,813) 

(2,374) 
 
 Net deferred income tax liabilities 

(30,189) 

(30,142) 
 F-27 
 The net deferred income tax liability is recognized as follows in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

Current deferred income tax asset 

3,500 

3,970 

Long-term deferred income tax liability 

(33,689) 

(34,112) 

(30,189) 

(30,142) 
 The reconciliation of the statutory U.S. Federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate is summarized as follows: 

Year ended 
 
 Year ended 
 
 Year ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 (in thousands of dollars) 
 
 2009 

2008 

2007 

Federal income tax (benefit) at the statutory rate 

(2,397) 
 
 34 

(2,493) 
 
 34 

(1,512) 
 
 34 

Foreign rate differential 

(69) 
 
 1 

(282) 
 
 4 

(50) 
 
 1 

State income tax (benefit), net of federal income tax (benefit) 

(349) 
 
 5 

(85) 
 
 1 

2 

0 

Permanent differences 

21 

0 

204 

-3 

145 

-3 

Valuation allowance 

1,912 

-27 

1,124 

-15 

1,192 

-27 

Effect of deferred rate changes 

(44) 
 
 0 

455 

-6 

- 

0 

Adjustment related to prior year taxes 

(188) 
 
 3 

(64) 
 
 1 

(354) 
 
 8 

Other 

- 

0 

(74) 
 
 1 

36 

-1 

(1,114) 
 
 16 

(1,215) 
 
 17 

(541) 
 
 12 
 
 At December 31, 2009, the Company had Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 25.5 million, which begin to expire in 2024. The Company has recorded a deferred tax
asset based on 25.1 million of domestic net operating loss carryforwards. The difference is due to excess tax basis in goodwill acquired in a
purchase business combination that will reduce the income taxes paid by the Company in future periods, and in accordance with FASB guidance related to accounting for income taxes, the Company will record a reduction to book goodwill as the future
tax benefits are realized rather than recording a deferred tax asset for these benefits. The Company also had Canadian loss carryforwards of approximately 22 million, which begin to expire in 2009 and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of
approximately 4.4 million, which do not expire. The Company has placed a valuation allowance of approximately 4.4 million against the Canadian loss carryforwards net of the Canadian deferred tax liabilities. See Note 13 for the net change in the
valuation allowance. During 2009, the IRS completed its examination of the tax year ended December 31, 2006. During the course of that
examination, the IRS made several adjustments to the net operating loss carryforwards which have been offset by establishing certain deferred items which will be deductible in the future. The examination was completed as of year-end and no further
adjustments were required. The Company has state tax credit carryforwards totaling approximately 444,000 which it does not expect to be able to utilize; accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of this amount in its accompanying
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008. F-28 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending liabilities for income tax contingencies is as follows: 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Gross uncertain tax benefit at January 1, 2007 

46 

Gross increases pre-acquisition period 

26 

Gross uncertain tax benefit at December 31, 2007 

72 

Gross decreases (expired statute) 

(36) 
 
 Gross decreases (withdrawn determination) 

(16) 
 
 Gross decreases (settled by cash payment with tax authorities) 

(20) 
 
 Gross uncertain tax benefit at December 31, 2008 

- 

Gross increases/decreases 

- 

Gross uncertain tax benefit at December 31, 2009 

- 
 
 None of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate for the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008 or 2007. 10. Related Party Transactions Transactions with Affiliates of Sun Capital In 2005, the Company entered
into a management services agreement with Sun Capital Partners Management IV, LLC, an affiliate of Sun Capital Sun Capital Management ). The management services agreement was amended on January 31, 2006. Pursuant to the terms of the
agreement, as amended, Sun Capital Management has provided and will provide the Company with certain financial and management consulting services, subject to the supervision of the Company s Board of Directors. In exchange for these services,
the Company will pay Sun Capital Management an annual management fee equal to the greater of 1.0 million or 2 of EBITDA (as defined in the agreement). In addition to this general management fee, in connection with any management services provided to the Company, its subsidiaries, or its stockholders with respect to certain corporate
events including, without limitation, re-financings, restructurings, equity or debt offerings, acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, business combinations, sales and divestitures, Sun Capital Management is entitled to 1.0 of the aggregate
consideration of the corporate event as well as any customary and reasonable fees. The Company will also reimburse Sun Capital Management for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of the services under the agreement. The agreement
terminates on October 13, 2015. During the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company incurred management fees and other related
expenses under the management services agreement of approximately 1.4 million, 1.5 million and 1.2 million, respectively. Such fees are reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. The Company paid approximately 190,000 of professional fees and other expenses on behalf of CPG during the year ended
December 31, 2007. This amount is reflected in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company did not pay any professional or other expenses related to CPG during the
years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company paid Sun Capital Management approximately 231,000
for management services in conjunction with the EPF Acquisition. The Company incurred approximately 21,000 and 73,000 for certain consulting fees from Sun Capital Management during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and such
fees are reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 11. Segments The Company identifies its reportable segments in accordance with FASB guidance for disclosures about segments of an
enterprise and related information, by reviewing the nature of products sold, nature of the production processes, type and class of customer, methods to distribute product and nature of regulatory environment. While all of these factors were
reviewed, the Company believes that the most significant factors are the nature of its products, the nature of the production process and the type of customers served. Prior to the Company s fourth quarter of 2008, the Company determined that it operated in two reportable segments. After the 2007 acquisitions of EAC and EPF, the Company began
integration of these acquired businesses and during 2008 reassessed its segment reporting. As of the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company determined that its operations consisted of three reportable segments: (i) paper packaging, (ii) plastic
packaging and films, and (iii) coated products. Effective July 1, 2009, the Company implemented an internal organizational change to move from a concentration on product lines to a concentration on markets. As a result of this change, the Company
reassessed its segment reporting in the third quarter of 2009 and determined that its operations consist of four reportable segments: (i) pet food and specialty packaging, (ii) food and specialty packaging, (iii) performance packaging and (iv)
coated products. The pet food and specialty packaging segment produces products used in applications such as pet food, lawn and garden, charcoal, and popcorn packaging. The food and specialty packaging segment produces products used in applications such as beverage, personal care, frozen foods, confectionary, breakfast foods, and films. The performance packaging segment produces products used in
applications such as building materials, chemicals, agricultural products and food ingredient packaging. The coated products segment produces precision coated films and specialty substrates for imaging, electronics, medical and optical technologies.
Certain amounts in the prior year have been restated to present this four segment approach. F-29 
 Identifiable assets by business segment include only those assets that are specifically identified with each
segment s operations. Corporate assets include primarily certain cash held at the corporate level, deferred financing costs, income tax assets, certain non-trade receivables, capitalized software costs, corporate property, and the carrying
amount of indefinite-lived trade names acquired in the Merger. The Company evaluates performance based on profit or loss from operations. During
the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 segment data includes a charge allocating certain corporate costs to each of its operating segments, as summarized in the table below: 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 
 
 (in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 
 
 Pet f ood and specialty pa ckaging 

4,584 

3,794 

3,918 
 
 Food and specialty pa ckaging 

9,487 

8,724 

5,020 
 
 Performance packaging 

5,036 

5,363 

4,923 
 
 Total allocations 

19,107 

17,881 

13,861 
 Due to the autonomy of the coated products segment in relation to the other segments, no corporate costs were allocated to the coated products segment during
the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 or 2007. While sales and transfers between segments are recorded at cost plus a reasonable profit, the
effects of intersegment sales are excluded from the computations of segment operating income. Intercompany profit is eliminated in consolidation and is not significant for the periods presented. Corporate operating losses consist principally of certain unallocated corporate costs. The accounting policies for the individual segments are the same as the Company s general accounting policies discussed in Note 2. F-30 
 The table below presents information about the Company s reportable segments for the years ended December
31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Revenues from external customers: 

Pet food and specialty packaging 

233,195 

267,520 

266,989 

Food and specialty packaging 

211,082 

236,152 

181,843 

Performance packaging 

163,641 

202,213 

197,551 

Coated products 

65,815 

75,847 

29,690 

Total 

673,733 

781,732 

676,073 

Intersegment revenues : 

Pet food and specialty packaging 

1,612 

1,693 

1,255 

Food and specialty packaging 

19,012 

10,053 

5,519 

Performance packaging 

1,270 

1,896 

844 

Coated products 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

21,894 

13,642 

7,618 

Operating income (loss): 

Pet food and specialty packaging 

26,051 

27,245 

29,555 

Food and specialty packaging 

4,197 

2,706 

(819) 
 
 Performance packaging 

9,861 

13,240 

13,810 

Coated products 

5,523 

5,981 

815 

Corporate 

(24,557) 

(24,143) 

(20,471) 
 
 Total 

21,075 

25,029 

22,890 

Interest expense - Corporate 

28,592 

30,991 

28,884 

Other expense (income), net 

(468) 

1,371 

(1,548) 
 
 Loss before income taxes 

(7,049) 

(7,333) 

(4,446) 
 
 Identifiable assets : 

Pet food and specialty packaging 

136,207 

143,885 

148,991 

Food and specialty packaging 

124,862 

123,739 

132,784 

Performance packaging 

112,843 

123,892 

126,211 

Coated products 

41,302 

41,738 

42,290 

Corporate 

66,250 

65,378 

68,833 

Total 

481,464 

498,632 

519,109 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Pet food and specialty packaging 

6,757 

6,500 

5,375 

Food and specialty packaging 

7,905 

7,282 

5,966 

Performance packaging 

6,089 

6,013 

5,101 

Coated products 

2,224 

2,443 

924 

Corporate 

2,480 

2,266 

2,228 

Total 

25,455 

24,504 

19,594 

Capital expenditures : 

Pet food and specialty packaging 

10,413 

5,587 

5,515 

Food and specialty packaging 

9,474 

4,245 

11,835 

Performance packaging 

5,046 

7,240 

5,101 

Coated products 

934 

1,494 

422 

Corporate 

554 

583 

371 

Total 

26,421 

19,149 

23,244 
 
 F-31 
 The following geographic information represents the Company s net sales based on product shipment location
for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 and total long-lived assets based on physical location at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

Net Sales to Unaffiliated Customers 

Year ended 
 
 Year ended 
 
 Year ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 
 
 United States 

571,143 

648,033 

614,367 
 
 United Kingdom 

32,934 

39,159 

14,759 
 
 Canada 

69,656 

94,540 

46,947 

673,733 

781,732 

676,073 

Total Long-Lived Assets 

(in thousands) 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 

United States 

149,429 

152,487 

Canada 

18,451 

15,549 

United Kingdom 

6,175 

5,721 

174,055 

173,757 

Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment for the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. One customer, as a result of the consolidation of two previously existing customers during 2007, primarily within the Company s pet food and specialty packaging segment accounted for 11.5 , 11.8 and 13.7 of the Company s net sales during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. This same customer accounted for 12.0 and 11.5 of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. 12. Insurance Proceeds and Claims in Process In October 2007 the Company
received 1.8 million in net insurance proceeds from an insurance claim for business interruption related to the 2005 hurricane season. Certain of the Company s significant resin providers located in the southeastern United States were unable
to supply resin necessary to meet production at the Company s manufacturing facilities. This amount is included in Other expense (income), net on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. In September 2009, one of the Company s facilities in the food and specialty packaging segment experienced a fire that damaged a press. The Company has
submitted a property and business interruption insurance claim for approximately 1.0 million with its insurance carrier for their review and anticipates settlement during 2010. There is no insurance receivable reflected at December 31, 2009 in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet. F-32 
 13. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

Balance at 

Balance at 

Beginning 

Charged to 

Deductions 

End of 
 
 (in thousands) 

of Period 

Expense (Benefit) 

Other 

Recoveries 

Period 
 
 2009 

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 

2,088 

(1,089) 

- 

593 
 (1) 

1,592 
 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets 

2,374 

1,912 
 (2) 

527 
 (4) 

- 

4,813 
 
 I nventory Reserve 

875 

912 

21 
 (4) 

(835) (1) 

973 
 
 2008 

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 

1,666 

(267) 

- 

689 
 (1) 

2,088 
 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets 

1,636 

1,124 
 (2) 

(386) (4) 

- 

2,374 
 
 I nventory Reserve 

2,608 

284 

(69) (4) 

1,948) (1) 

875 
 
 2007 

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 

2,185 

(323) 

452 
 (3) 

648) (1) 

1,666 
 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets 

444 

1,192 
 (2) 

- 

- 

1,636 
 
 Inventory Reserve 

1,201 

1,710 

42 
 (4) 

345) (1) 

2,608 

(1) 
 Represents amounts written off recovered during the period.

(2) 
 During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded a non-cash charge to establish a valuation allowance against net operating losses specifically
related to the Company s Canadian operations. See Note 2 for further discussion. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents allocation for uncollectible accounts recorded through purchase accounting in relation to the EEF and EPF Acquisitions. 

(4) 
 Represents impact of foreign exchange rates during the period. 14. Consolidating Financial Information The Notes are jointly, severally,
fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company s domestic restricted subsidiaries. Each guarantor subsidiary is 100 owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company within the meaning of Rule 3-10(h) of Regulation S-X. Following are
consolidating financial statements of the Company, including the guarantors, provided pursuant to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X in lieu of separate financial statements of each subsidiary guaranteeing the Notes. The following consolidating financial statements present the balance sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the statements of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, and the statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, of (i) Exopack Holding Corp. (the Parent ), (ii) the domestic subsidiaries of Exopack Holding Corp. (the
 Guarantor Subsidiaries ), (iii) the foreign subsidiaries of Exopack Holding Corp. (the Nonguarantor Subsidiaries ), and (iv) the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the Company on a consolidated basis. The
Parent and the Guarantor Subsidiaries have each reflected investments in their respective subsidiaries under the equity method of accounting. There are no restrictions limiting transfers of cash from Guarantor Subsidiaries and Nonguarantor
Subsidiaries to the Parent. The consolidating financial statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period consolidating
financial statements to conform to the current presentation. F-33 
 CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2009 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

- 

160 

473 

- 

633 

Trade accounts receivable (net of allowance for uncollectible 

accounts of 1,592) 

- 

64,566 

13,828 

- 

78,394 

Other receivables 

- 

2,160 

1,636 

- 

3,796 

Inventories 

- 

65,398 

14,910 

(336) 

79,972 

Deferred income taxes 

- 

3,332 

168 

- 

3,500 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

- 

2,017 

1,400 

- 

3,417 

Total current assets 

- 

137,633 

32,415 

(336) 

169,712 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

- 

149,429 

24,626 

- 

174,055 

Deferred financing costs, net 

4,798 

399 

- 

- 

5,197 

Intangible assets, net 

- 

64,533 

674 

- 

65,207 

Goodwill 

- 

63,718 

720 

- 

64,438 

Investment in subsidiaries 

110,782 

7,035 

- 

(117,817) 

- 

Intercompany receivables 

35,640 

24,863 

(2,718) 

(57,785) 

- 

Other assets 

- 

2,253 

602 

- 

2,855 

Total assets 

151,220 

449,863 

56,319 

(175,938) 

481,464 

Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity 

Current liabilities 

Revolving credit facility and current portion of long-term debt 

- 

60,259 

8,344 

- 

68,603 

Accounts payable 

- 

53,227 

11,702 

- 

64,929 

Accrued liabilities 

10,312 

19,378 

4,089 

- 

33,779 

Income taxes payable 

- 

124 

978 

- 

1,102 

Total current liabilities 

10,312 

132,988 

25,113 

- 

168,413 

Long-term liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

220,000 

34 

- 

- 

220,034 

Deferred income taxes 

(38,186) 

70,385 

1,490 

- 

33,689 

Intercompany payables 

(85,405) 

121,180 

22,010 

(57,785) 

- 

Other liabilities 

- 

14,158 

671 

- 

14,829 

Total long-term liabilities 

96,409 

205,757 

24,171 

(57,785) 

268,552 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholder's equity 

Preferred stock, par value, 0.001 per share - 100,000 shares 

authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value, 0.001 per share - 2,900,000 shares 

authorized, 1 share issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

73,230 

73,230 

23,897 

(97,127) 

73,230 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 

(5,074) 

(5,074) 

(1,373) 

6,447 

(5,074) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

(23,657) 

42,962 

(15,489) 

(27,473) 

(23,657) 
 
 Total stockholder's equity 

44,499 

111,118 

7,035 

(118,153) 

44,499 

Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 

151,220 

449,863 

56,319 

(175,938) 

481,464 
 
 F-34 CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2008 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

- 

641 

1,071 

- 

1,712 

Trade accounts receivable (net of allowance for uncollectible 

accounts of 2,088) 

- 

66,983 

16,139 

- 

83,122 

Other receivables 

- 

2,042 

446 

- 

2,488 

Inventories 

- 

76,906 

14,715 

(317) 

91,304 

Deferred income taxes 

- 

3,953 

17 

- 

3,970 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

- 

1,848 

1,086 

- 

2,934 

Total current assets 

- 

152,373 

33,474 

(317) 

185,530 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

- 

152,487 

21,270 

- 

173,757 

Deferred financing costs, net 

5,973 

767 

- 

- 

6,740 

Intangible assets, net 

- 

66,457 

662 

- 

67,119 

Goodwill 

- 

63,718 

654 

- 

64,372 

Investment in subsidiaries 

92,918 

9,144 

- 

(102,062) 

- 

Intercompany receivables 

35,640 

22,945 

(350) 

(58,235) 

- 

Other assets 

- 

1,011 

103 

- 

1,114 

Total assets 

134,531 

468,902 

55,813 

(160,614) 

498,632 

Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity 

Current liabilities 

Revolving credit facility and current portion of long-term debt 

- 

67,858 

6,634 

- 

74,492 

Accounts payable 

- 

56,030 

10,332 

- 

66,362 

Accrued liabilities 

10,313 

24,361 

4,570 

- 

39,244 

Income taxes payable 

- 

94 

738 

- 

832 

Total current liabilities 

10,313 

148,343 

22,274 

- 

180,930 

Long-term liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

220,000 

82 

- 

- 

220,082 

Deferred income taxes 

(30,541) 

63,353 

1,300 

- 

34,112 

Intercompany payables 

(107,973) 

143,748 

22,460 

(58,235) 

- 

Other liabilities 

- 

20,141 

635 

- 

20,776 

Total long-term liabilities 

81,486 

227,324 

24,395 

(58,235) 

274,970 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholder's equity 

Preferred stock, par value, 0.001 per share - 100,000 shares 

authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value, 0.001 per share - 2,900,000 shares 

authorized, 1 share issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

72,811 

72,811 

23,897 

(96,708) 

72,811 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 

(12,357) 

(12,357) 

(2,300) 

14,657 

(12,357) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

(17,722) 

32,781 

(12,453) 

(20,328) 

(17,722) 
 
 Total stockholder's equity 

42,732 

93,235 

9,144 

(102,379) 

42,732 

Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 

134,531 

468,902 

55,813 

(160,614) 

498,632 
 
 F-35 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net sales 

- 

571,440 

121,315 

(19,022) 

673,733 

Cost of sales 

- 

502,108 

113,659 

(19,003) 

596,764 

Gross margin 

- 

69,332 

7,656 

(19) 

76,969 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

419 

47,405 

8,070 

- 

55,894 

Operating income (loss) 

(419) 

21,927 

(414) 

(19) 

21,075 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 

23,324 

3,569 

1,699 

- 

28,592 

Other (income) expense, net 

- 

(277) 

(191) 

- 

(468) 
 
 Net other expense 

23,324 

3,292 

1,508 

- 

28,124 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(23,743) 

18,635 

(1,922) 

(19) 

(7,049) 
 
 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(7,646) 

5,418 

1,114 

- 

(1,114) 
 
 Net (loss) income before equity in earnings of affiliates 

(16,097) 

13,217 

(3,036) 

(19) 

(5,935) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliates 

10,162 

(3,036) 

- 

(7,126) 

- 

Net (loss) income 

(5,935) 

10,181 

(3,036) 

(7,145) 

(5,935) 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net sales 

- 

648,431 

142,624 

(9,323) 

781,732 

Cost of sales 

- 

577,528 

131,027 

(9,031) 

699,524 

Gross margin 

- 

70,903 

11,597 

(292) 

82,208 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

628 

47,607 

8,944 

- 

57,179 

Operating income (loss) 

(628) 

23,296 

2,653 

(292) 

25,029 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 

23,324 

5,243 

2,424 

- 

30,991 

Other (income) expense, net 

- 

(393) 

1,764 

- 

1,371 

Net other expense 

23,324 

4,850 

4,188 

- 

32,362 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(23,952) 

18,446 

(1,535) 

(292) 

(7,333) 
 
 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(9,101) 

7,117 

769 

- 

(1,215) 
 
 Net (loss) income before equity in earnings of affiliates 

(14,851) 

11,329 

(2,304) 

(292) 

(6,118) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliates 

8,733 

(2,304) 

- 

(6,429) 

- 

Net (loss) income 

(6,118) 

9,025 

(2,304) 

(6,721) 

(6,118) 
 F-36 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net sales 

- 

614,548 

64,234 

(2,709) 

676,073 

Cost of sales 

- 

545,210 

61,182 

(2,717) 

603,675 

Gross margin 

- 

69,338 

3,052 

8 

72,398 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

569 

42,982 

5,957 

- 

49,508 

Operating income (loss) 

(569) 

26,356 

(2,905) 

8 

22,890 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 

23,323 

4,118 

1,443 

- 

28,884 

Other (income) expense, net 

- 

(1,953) 

405 

- 

(1,548) 
 
 Net other expense 

23,323 

2,165 

1,848 

- 

27,336 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(23,892) 

24,191 

(4,753) 

8 

(4,446) 
 
 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(9,086) 

9,112 

(567) 

- 

(541) 
 
 Net (loss) income before equity in earnings of affiliates 

(14,806) 

15,079 

(4,186) 

8 

(3,905) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliates 

10,901 

(4,186) 

- 

(6,715) 

- 

Net (loss) income 

(3,905) 

10,893 

(4,186) 

(6,707) 

(3,905) 
 F-37 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

(5,935) 

10,181 

(3,036) 

(7,145) 

(5,935) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,175 

21,035 

3,245 

- 

25,455 

Equity in (earnings) loss of affiliates 

(10,162) 

3,036 

- 

7,126 

- 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

(7,645) 

5,283 

(85) 

- 

(2,447) 
 
 Stock compensation expense 

419 

419 

- 

(419) 

419 

(Recovery from) provision for bad debts 

- 

(907) 

(182) 

- 

(1,089) 
 
 Loss on sales and disposal of property, plant and 

equipment 

- 

1,049 

264 

- 

1,313 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

- 

3,324 

4,476 

- 

7,800 

Inventories 

- 

11,508 

1,873 

19 

13,400 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

- 

(1,448) 

(1,199) 

- 

(2,647) 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 

(1) 

(8,658) 

(1,873) 

- 

(10,532) 
 
 Income tax receivable/payable 

- 

30 

211 

- 

241 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(22,149) 

44,852 

3,694 

(419) 

25,978 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Investment in joint venture 

- 

(400) 

- 

- 

(400) 
 
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

- 

(22,773) 

(3,648) 

- 

(26,421) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 

- 

6,973 

108 

- 

7,081 

Investments in subsidiaries 

(419) 

- 

- 

419 

- 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(419) 

(16,200) 

(3,540) 

419 

(19,740) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayment of subordinated term loans 

- 

(48) 

- 

- 

(48) 
 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility 

- 

684,725 

39,382 

- 

724,107 

Repayments of revolving credit facility 

- 

(692,324) 

(38,656) 

- 

(730,980) 
 
 Intercompany borrowings (repayments) 

22,568 

(24,486) 

1,918 

- 

- 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

22,568 

(32,133) 

2,644 

- 

(6,921) 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

- 

3,000 

(3,396) 

- 

(396) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash 

- 

(481) 

(598) 

- 

(1,079) 
 
 Cash 

Beginning of year 

- 

641 

1,071 

- 

1,712 

End of year 

- 

160 

473 

- 

633 
 
 F-38 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

(6,118) 

9,025 

(2,304) 

(6,721) 

(6,118) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,175 

19,897 

3,432 

- 

24,504 

Equity in (earnings) loss of affiliates 

(8,733) 

2,304 

- 

6,429 

- 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

(9,102) 

6,986 

(131) 

- 

(2,247) 
 
 Stock compensation expense 

616 

616 

- 

(616) 

616 

(Recovery from) provision for bad debts 

- 

(288) 

21 

- 

(267) 
 
 Loss (gain) on sales and disposal of property, plant and 

equipment 

- 

1,792 

(35) 

- 

1,757 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

- 

(2,618) 

(5,796) 

- 

(8,414) 
 
 Inventories 

- 

768 

(985) 

292 

75 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

- 

1,618 

(242) 

- 

1,376 

Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 

1 

(3,566) 

4,168 

- 

603 

Income tax receivable/payable 

- 

476 

598 

- 

1,074 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(22,161) 

37,010 

(1,274) 

(616) 

12,959 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

- 

(16,444) 

(2,705) 

- 

(19,149) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 

- 

406 

106 

- 

512 

Acquisition of business 

- 

542 

(931) 

- 

(389) 
 
 Investments in subsidiaries 

(616) 

- 

- 

616 

- 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(616) 

(15,496) 

(3,530) 

616 

(19,026) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayment of subordinated term loans 

- 

(49) 

(64) 

- 

(113) 
 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility 

- 

979,619 

99,379 

- 

1,078,998 

Repayments of revolving credit facility 

- 

(978,409) 

(95,217) 

- 

(1,073,626) 
 
 Intercompany borrowings (repayments) 

22,700 

(18,016) 

(4,684) 

- 

- 

Financing costs paid 

- 

(110) 

- 

- 

(110) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

22,700 

(16,965) 

(586) 

- 

5,149 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

- 

(4,214) 

5,536 

- 

1,322 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

(77) 

335 

146 

- 

404 

Cash 

Beginning of year 

77 

306 

925 

- 

1,308 

End of year 

- 

641 

1,071 

- 

1,712 
 
 F-39 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 

Guarantor 

Nonguarantor 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Parent 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

(3,905) 

10,893 

(4,186) 

(6,707) 

(3,905) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,175 

16,714 

1,705 

- 

19,594 

Equity in loss (earnings) of affiliates 

(10,901) 

4,186 

- 

6,715 

- 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

(9,086) 

8,973 

(863) 

- 

(976) 
 
 Stock compensation expense 

177 

177 

- 

(177) 

177 

(Recovery from) provision for bad debts 

- 

(492) 

169 

- 

(323) 
 
 Loss on sales and disposal of property, plant and 

equipment 

- 

1,172 

139 

- 

1,311 

Impairment of property, plant and equipment 

- 

593 

- 

- 

593 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

- 

(731) 

(2,825) 

- 

(3,556) 
 
 Inventories 

- 

2,613 

950 

(8) 

3,555 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

- 

(2,813) 

(159) 

- 

(2,972) 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 

(149) 

(10,986) 

6,124 

- 

(5,011) 
 
 Income tax receivable/payable 

- 

4,043 

279 

- 

4,322 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(22,689) 

34,342 

1,333 

(177) 

12,809 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

- 

(22,607) 

(637) 

- 

(23,244) 
 
 Acquisition of business 

(48,900) 

(30,535) 

30,535 

(48,900) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

- 

248 

110 

- 

358 

Investments in subsidiaries 

(177) 

- 

- 

177 

- 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(177) 

(71,259) 

(31,062) 

30,712 

(71,786) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayment of subordinated term loans 

- 

(45) 

(43) 

- 

(88) 
 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility 

- 

829,183 

30,000 

- 

859,183 

Repayments of revolving credit facility 

- 

(769,337) 

(29,697) 

- 

(799,034) 
 
 Intercompany borrowings (repayments) 

22,932 

(23,910) 

19,822 

(18,844) 

- 

Capital contribution by Parent 

- 

- 

11,691 

(11,691) 

- 

Financing costs paid 

(25) 

(646) 

- 

- 

(671) 
 
 Repayments of capital lease obligation 

- 

(2) 

- 

- 

(2) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

22,907 

35,243 

31,773 

(30,535) 

59,388 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

- 

1,627 

(1,215) 

- 

412 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

41 

(47) 

829 

- 

823 

Cash 

Beginning of year 

36 

353 

96 

- 

485 

End of year 

77 

306 

925 

- 

1,308 
 
 F-40 
 15. Restatement of Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) The unaudited quarterly financial information of the Company for the first three quarters of fiscal 2009 have been restated in order to correct the amounts of
certain direct and indirect costs capitalized into inventory for one plant located in Canada. The accounts affected were inventories and cost of sales. This error did not
impact net cash provided by (used in) operations in any period. The provision for income taxes did not change in any of the quarterly periods in 2009 as a full valuation allowance is provided against Canadian deferred tax assets. The Company
determined that the incorrect amounts identified were not material individually in any of the first three quarters of 2009 in which they were reported, but the Company concluded that such amounts in the aggregate would be material to the fourth
quarter of 2009. Accordingly, the Company has restated its unaudited quarterly financial information for these three quarters in order to correct the inaccurate amounts of these costs and to accurately report its fourth quarter results. 
 The effect of the restatement on the Company s financial statements for the first three quarters of fiscal 2009 is presented in the following tables,
along with unaudited interim quarterly information for fiscal 2008 for comparative purposes. 

Three Months Ended 

S eptember 30, 2009 
 
 June 30, 2009 
 
 March 31, 2009 

As 

As 

As 

Originally 

As 

Originally 

As 

Originally 

As 

(in thousands of dollars) 

Reported 

Restated 

Reported 

Restated 

Reported 

Restated 

Net sales 

164,923 

164,923 

162,750 

162,750 

179,433 

179,433 

Cost of sales 

146,351 

146,990 

143,468 

144,324 

155,493 

156,299 

Gross margin 

18,572 

17,933 

19,282 

18,426 

23,940 

23,134 

Selling, general and administrative 

expenses 

12,413 

12,413 

11,553 

11,553 

14,293 

14,293 

Operating income 

6,159 

5,520 

7,729 

6,873 

9,647 

8,841 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 

7,201 

7,201 

7,147 

7,147 

7,167 

7,167 

Other (income) expense, net 

211 

211 

(735) 

(735) 

82 

82 

Net other expense 

7,412 

7,412 

6,412 

6,412 

7,249 

7,249 

(Loss) income before income 

taxes 

(1,253) 

(1,892) 

1,317 

461 

2,398 

1,592 

Provision for income taxes 

435 

435 

357 

357 

813 

813 

Net (loss) income 

(1,688) 

(2,327) 

960 

104 

1,585 

779 

Three Months Ended 

December 31, 

September 30, 

June 30, 

March 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2009 

2009 

2009 

2009 

(as restated) 

(as restated) 

(as restated) 

Net sales 

166,627 

164,923 

162,750 

179,433 

Cost of sales 

149,151 

146,990 

144,324 

156,299 

Gross margin 

17,476 

17,933 

18,426 

23,134 

Selling, general and administrative 

expenses 

17,635 

12,413 

11,553 

14,293 

Operating income (loss) 

(159) 

5,520 

6,873 

8,841 

Other (income) expenses 

Interest expense 

7,077 

7,201 

7,147 

7,167 

Other (income) expense , net 

(26) 

211 

(735) 

82 

Net other expense 

7,051 

7,412 

6,412 

7,249 

(Loss) income before income 

taxes 

(7,210) 

(1,892) 

461 

1,592 

(Benefit from) provision for income 

taxes 

(2,719) 

435 

357 

813 

Net (loss) income 

(4,491) 

(2,327) 

104 

779 

F-41 

Three Months Ended 

December 31, 

S eptember 30, 

June 30, 

March 31, 

(in thousands of dollars) 

2008 

2008 

2008 

2008 

Net sales 

188,081 

194,699 

195,226 

203,726 

Cost of sales 

166,959 

176,082 

173,800 

182,683 

Gross margin 

21,122 

18,617 

21,426 

21,043 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

15,229 

12,516 

14,710 

14,724 

Operating income 

5,893 

6,101 

6,716 

6,319 

Other (income) expenses 

Interest expense 

7,678 

7,702 

7,645 

7,966 

Other (income) expense , net 

911 

1,473 

(166) 

(847) 
 
 Net other expense 

8,589 

9,175 

7,479 

7,119 

Loss before income taxes 

(2,696) 

(3,074) 

(763) 

(800) 
 
 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(654) 

(588) 

213 

(186) 
 
 Net loss 

(2,042) 

(2,486) 

(976) 

(614) 

As of 

September 30, 2009 
 
 June 30, 2009 
 
 March 31, 2009 

As 

As 

As 

Originally 

As 

Originally 

As 

Originally 

As 
 
 (in thousands of dollars) 

Reported 

Restated 

Reported 

Restated 

Reported 

Restated 
 
 Inventory (1) 

85,435 

82,948 

89,433 

87,701 

86,397 

85,597 

(1) 
 Restatement adjustments for inventory are immaterially different from restatement adjustments for the statement of operations due to
fluctuations in foreign currency. F-42 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Number Description 

2.1 
 Purchase Agreement, among Intelicoat Technologies Image Products Holdco LLC, Image Products Group LLC, Exopack 

Advanced Coatings, LLC, Exopack Holdings UK, Ltd., and Exopack Holding Corp., dated August 6, 2007 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2007 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of FPD Holdings Corp., dated April 12, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of FPD Holdings Corp. (amending name to Exo-Tech 

Packaging Holding Corp.), dated July 26, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Registration Statement on 

Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Exo-Tech Packaging Holding Corp., dated August 6, 2001 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Exo-Tech Packaging Holding Corp. (amending name to 

Exopack Holding Corp.), dated August 25, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to our Registration Statement on 

Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.5 
 Certificate of Merger of Exopack Integrated, Inc. with and into Exopack Holding Corp. (the surviving corporation), dated 

October 13, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333- 

136559)). 

3.6 
 Bylaws of FPD Holdings Corp., dated April 30, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to our Registration 

Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.7 
 Certificate of Incorporation of FPD Acquisition, Inc., dated April 12, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.8 
 Certificate of Conversion of FPD Acquisition, Inc. into Exo-Tech Packaging, L.L.C. (with Exo-Tech, L.L.C. as the 

surviving entity), dated July 27, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 

(File No. 333-136559)). 

3.9 
 Certificate of Formation of Exo-Tech Packaging, L.L.C., dated July 27, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to 

our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.10 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Formation of Exo-Tech Packaging, L.L.C. (amending name to Exopack, 

LLC), dated August 28, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File 

No. 333-136559)). 

3.11 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Exo-Tech Packaging, L.L.C., dated July 27, 2001 (incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 3.11 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.12 
 Certificate of Formation of Exopack-Thomasville, LLC, dated September 12, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

3.12 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.13 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Exopack-Thomasville, LLC, dated September 27, 2003 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 3.13 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 
 E-1 

3.14 
 Certificate of Formation of SF A Acquisition Company, L.L.C., dated September 23, 2002 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 3.14 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.15 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Formation of SF A Acquisition, L.L.C., dated September 30, 2002 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.15 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.16 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Formation of Specialty Films Associates, L.L.C (amending name to 

Exopack Hebron, L.L.C.), dated January 10, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.16 to our Registration 

Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.17 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of SF A Acquisition Company, L.L.C., dated September 23, 2002 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.17 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.18 
 Articles of Incorporation of Portsmouth Acquisition Co., dated July 19, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

3.18 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.19 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Portsmouth Acquisition Co. (amending name to Exopack- 

Ontario, Inc.), dated October 1, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.19 to our Registration Statement on Form 

S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.20 
 Bylaws of Portsmouth Acquisition Co., dated July 22, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.20 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.21 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Cello-Foil Holding Corp., dated March 22, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

3.21 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.22 
 By-Laws of Cello-Foil Holding Corp., dated March 22, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.22 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.23 
 Limited Liability Company Articles of Organization of Exopack-Technology, LLC, dated September 15, 2003 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.23 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.24 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Exopack-Technology, LLC, dated September 29, 2003 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 3.24 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.25 
 Articles of Incorporation of Cello-Foil Products, Inc., dated December 8, 1949 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

3.25 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.26 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cello-Foil Products, Inc., dated May 13, 1977 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.26 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.27 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cello-Foil Products, Inc., dated March 3, 1992 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.27 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.28 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cello-Foil Products, Inc., dated June 9, 2005 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.28 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.29 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cello-Foil Products, Inc., dated September 21, 2005 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.29 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.30 
 Bylaws of Cello-Foil Products, Inc., dated December 8, 1949 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.30 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.31 
 Certificate of Incorporation of TPG Group Holding Corp., dated August 19, 2005 (incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 3.31 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.32 
 By-Laws of TPG Group Holding Corp., dated August 19, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.32 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 
 E-2 

3.33 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of TPG Enterprises, Inc., dated August 24, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.33 

to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.34 
 
 By-Laws of TPG Enterprises, Inc., dated August 24, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.34 to our Registration 

Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.35 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of TPG (US), Inc., dated August 24, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.35 to our 

Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.36 
 
 By-Laws of TPG (US), Inc., dated August 24, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.36 to our Registration 

Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.37 
 
 Articles of Association of 3104623 Nova Scotia Company, dated August 26, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

3.37 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

3.38 
 
 Certificate of Name Change of 3104623 Nova Scotia Company to The Packaging Group (Canada) Corporation, dated 

September 14, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.38 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333- 

136559)). 

4.1 
 
 Indenture dated January 31, 2006 between our Company and the Guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York as 

Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

4.2 
 
 Form of 11.25 Senior Note due 2014 (included as Exhibit A1 of Exhibit 4.1). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Guarantee relating to the 11.25 Senior Notes due 2014 (included as Exhibit E of Exhibit 4.1). 

4.4 
 
 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2006, by and among our Company, our Subsidiary 

Guarantors and Goldman, Sachs Co., on behalf of the initial purchasers of the old notes (incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 4.4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2006, as amended and restated as of October 31, 2007, 

by and among Exopack, LLC, Cello-Foil Products, Inc., Exopack Performance Films Inc., and Exopack-Newmarket, 

Ltd., as Borrowers, and the other persons party thereto that are designated as Credit Parties and General Electric Capital 

Corporation, as US Agent, US L/C Issuer and US Lender and GE Canada Finance Holding Company, as Canadian 

Agent, Canadian L/C Issuer and Canadian Lender and the other financial institutions party thereto, as Lenders. 

10.2 
 
 2005 Stock Option Plan of CPG Finance, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Registration Statement 

on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.3 
 
 Stock Option Grant Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Jack Knott, dated December 12, 2005 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.4 
 
 Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack, LLC, CPG Finance Inc. and Jack Knott, dated January 10, 2006 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.5 
 
 Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack, LLC, CPG Finance Inc. and Jon Heard, dated March 23, 2007 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 333- 

136559)). 

10.6 
 
 Stock Option Grant Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Jon Heard, dated December 12, 2005 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.7 
 
 Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack, LLC, CPG Finance Inc. and Bob Arvanites, dated December 12, 2005 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 333- 

136559)). 

10.8 
 
 Stock Option Grant Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Bob Arvanites, dated December 12, 2005 (incorporated 

by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2007 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.9 
 
 Offer Letter between Jack Knott and Exopack Holding Corp. dated January 10, 2006 (incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.13 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2008 (File No. 333-136559)). 
 
 E-3 

10.10 
 
 Stock Option Grant Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Tom Vale, dated March 12, 2008 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2008 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.11 
 
 Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack, LLC, CPG Finance, Inc. and Tom Vale, dated November 11, 2008 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2008 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.12 
 
 Stock Option Grant Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Gary McDaniel, dated August 18, 2008 (incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2008 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.13 
 
 Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack LLC, CPG Finance, Inc. and Gary McDaniel, dated November 11, 2008 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2008 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.14 
 
 Amended Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack, LLC, CPG Finance Inc, and Jack Knott, dated January 22, 

2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibi t 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27,
2009 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.15 
 
 Management Incentive Program of Exopack Holding Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to our Form 

8-K filed on March 25, 2010 (File No. 333-136559)). 

10.16 
 
 Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack LLC, CPG Finance , Inc. and Scott Ross, dated March 29,
2010. 

10.17 
 
 Stock Option Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Scott Ross, dated December 12, 2005. 

12.1 
 
 Statement Re: Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Exopack Holding Corp. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 
 E-4 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 dex101.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2006

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2006 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

.

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 dex1016.htm
 SEPARATION BENEFIT AGREEMENT AMONG EXOPACK LLC, CPG FINANCE, INC. AND SCOTT ROSS

Separation Benefit Agreement among Exopack LLC, CPG Finance, Inc. and Scott Ross 

EXHIBIT 10.16 SEPARATION BENEFIT AGREEMENT
 THIS SEPARATION BENEFIT AGREEMENT (this " Agreement "), is entered into
as of March 29 , 2010, by and among Exopack, LLC, a Delaware corporation (the " Company "), CPG
Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation and ultimate parent of the Company (" Parent "), and Scott
Ross (the " Employee "). WHEREAS , in consideration of the Employee's
performance of the covenants and agreements of the Employee contained herein, the Company and Parent wish to provide the Employee with a continuing right to receive a separation benefit from Parent in the circumstances, upon the terms, and subject
to the conditions set forth herein; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows: 1. Separation Benefits
 . (a) In consideration of the
Employee's performance of the covenants and agreements set forth herein (including, without limitation, those contained in Section 2 hereof), Parent agrees to pay the Employee an amount equal to one (1) year of his then-existing base salary (minus applicable withholdings and payroll taxes), payable in equal installments
over a one-year period in accordance with Parent's normal payroll practices, in the event that: (i) the
Employee's employment with Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) is terminated by Parent or any such subsidiary (including the Company) without Cause (as hereinafter defined); or (ii) the Employee resigns from employment with Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) at any time during
the period commencing the date of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined) of Parent and ending one-hundred-eighty (180) days after a Change of Control of Parent, as the result of Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) failing
to retain the Employee in the same or similar position to that which he occupied immediately prior to such Change of Control and at the same or similar base compensation to that which he enjoyed immediately prior to such Change of
Control. (b) If the Employee's employment with Parent or any of its subsidiaries is terminated as contemplated
by Section 1(a) of this Agreement, then in addition to the salary continuation benefit
provided in Section 1(a) , Parent agrees to pay the Employee an amount equal to the bonus
that would have been earned by the Employee for the year in which the Employee's employment with Parent or any of its subsidiaries is so terminated, prorated for the portion of such year during which the Employee remained employed with Parent or
such subsidiary to and including the earlier of (i) the date of termination of the Employee s employment with Parent or such subsidiary (in the case of a termination contemplated by Section 1(a)(i) of this Agreement) or (ii) the date on which the Employee is provided with notice or
otherwise becomes aware of Parent or such subsidiary s failure so to retain the Employee (in the case of a termination contemplated by Section 1(a)(ii)
 of this Agreement), such bonus payment to be made at substantially the same time and in substantially the same manner (and minus applicable withholdings and payroll taxes)
as Parent's normal payroll practices in respect of the payment of similar bonuses. For purposes of this Section 1(b) , the prorated amount of any bonus shall be determined to be a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the fiscal year ending on the date of termination or resignation
under Section 1(b)(i) or (ii) (as applicable), and the denominator of which is
365. 
 (c) For the purposes of this Agreement: (i) " Cause " means (A) conviction of the Employee of any felony, or the conviction of the Employee of a misdemeanor which involves moral turpitude, or the entry by the Employee of a plea of guilty or
 nolo contendere with respect to any of the foregoing, (B) the commission of any act or
failure to act by the Employee that involves moral turpitude, dishonesty, theft, destruction of property, fraud, embezzlement or unethical business conduct, or that is otherwise injurious to Parent, the Company or any of their respective
subsidiaries or affiliates, whether financially or otherwise, (C) any violation by the Employee of any rule or policy of Parent, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, (D) any violation by the Employee of the requirements
of any other contract or agreement between Parent, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, on the one hand, and the Employee, on the other hand, and the failure of the Employee to cure such violation under this subsection
(D) within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice from Parent, the Company, or any of such subsidiaries or affiliates, or (E) any failure by the Employee to abide by any directive of the Board of Directors of Parent or the Company or an
officer of Parent or the Company to whom the Employee reports; in each case, with respect to subsections (A) through (E), as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Parent or the Company in the exercise of its reasonable business
judgment; and (ii) " Change of
Control " means (A) any consolidation, merger or other transaction in which Parent is not the surviving entity or which results in the acquisition of all or substantially
all of Parent's outstanding shares of common stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons or entities acting in concert or (B) any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of Parent's assets, in either of clauses (A) or (B) in a
transaction primarily for cash; provided, however, that the term "Change of Control" shall not include transactions either (x) with affiliates of Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company) or of Sun Capital Partners, Inc.
(" Sun ") (as determined by the Board of Directors of Parent in its sole discretion) or (y)
pursuant to which more than fifty percent (50 of the shares of voting stock of the surviving or acquiring entity is owned and/or controlled (by agreement or otherwise), directly or indirectly, by Sun or its affiliates. 2. Covenants . (a) During the Employee's service as an employee
of Parent or any of its subsidiaries and for the period ending on the later of (i) one-year thereafter, and (ii) the date of payment of the final installment of separation benefit pursuant to Section 1 of this Agreement, the Employee shall not, to the detriment of Parent or any of its subsidiaries
(including the Company), directly or indirectly, for the Employee or on behalf of any other person, firm or entity, solicit or otherwise attempt to take away any supplier, vendor, or customer of Sun, Parent or any of their respective affiliates who
the Employee solicited or did business with on behalf of Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company). (b) During the Employee's service as an employee of Parent or its subsidiaries and for the period ending on the later of (i) one-year thereafter, and (ii) the date of payment of the final installment of separation benefit pursuant to
 Section 1 of this Agreement, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in, or
serve as a principal, partner, joint venturer, member, manager, trustee, agent, stockholder, director, officer or employee of, or advisor to, or in any other capacity, or in any manner, own, control, manage, operate, or otherwise participate,
invest, or have any interest in, or be connected with, any person, firm or entity that engages in any activity which competes directly or indirectly with any business of Parent or its subsidiary or parent companies (collectively, the
" Company Business ") anywhere in the United States of America or any other country in which the
Company Business was conducted or related sales were effected during the preceding two years. THIS PARAGRAPH WILL NOT APPLY AND WILL NOT BE ENFORCED BY PARENT WITH RESPECT TO POST-TERMINATION ACTIVITY 2 
 BY THE EMPLOYEE THAT OCCURS IN CALIFORNIA OR IN ANY OTHER STATE IN WHICH THIS PROHIBITION IS NOT ENFORCEABLE
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 3. Notices . For the purpose of this Agreement, any notice or demand hereunder to or upon any party hereto required or permitted to be given or made shall be deemed
to have been duly given or made for all purposes if (a) in writing and sent by (i) messenger or an overnight courier service against receipt, or (ii) certified or registered mail, postage paid, return receipt requested, or (b) sent by telefax, telex
or similar electronic means, provided , that a written copy thereof is sent on the same day by postage paid first-class, certified or registered mail,
to such party at the following address: 

In the case of the Employee, to him at: 
 
 __________________________ 
 
 __________________________ 
 
 __________________________ 
 
 Telecopy: 
 ___. ___.___. 
 or at the last known address of the Employee contained in the personnel records of Parent or the Company. 

In the case of Parent, to it at: 

CPG Finance, Inc. 
 
 c/o Exopack, LLC 
 
 3070 Southport Road 
 
 Spartanburg, SC 29302 
 
 Attention: Jack Knott 
 
 Telecopy: 864.596.7175 

with a copy to: 

Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP 
 
 One Oxford Centre 
 
 Thirty-Second Floor 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15219 
 
 Attention: David A. Gerson, Esq. 
 
 Telecopy: 412.560.7001 

In the case of the Company, to it at: 

Exopack, LLC 

3070 Southport Road 
 
 Spartanburg, SC 29302 
 
 Attention: President and CEO 
 
 Telecopy: 864.596.7175 

with a copy to: 

Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP 
 
 One Oxford Centre 
 
 Thirty-Second Floor 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15219 
 
 Attention: David A. Gerson, Esq. 
 
 Telecopy: 412.560.7001 
 3 
 4. Severability; Assignment
 . 
 (a) If any portion of this
Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such portion shall be deemed deleted as though it had never been included herein, but the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (b) This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Employee without the consent of both Parent and the Company;
 provided , however
 , that either Parent or the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the right to enforce the covenants set forth
in Section 2 of this Agreement) without consent of the Employee in the event that either
Parent or the Company shall effect a reorganization or consolidate or merge with, sell all or substantially all of its equity or assets to, or enter into any other transaction with, any other entity. 5. Waiver of Trial By Jury . EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES THE
RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, OR THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT OF
THIS AGREEMENT. 6. No Waiver . The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such party's rights or deprive such party of the
right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 7. Successors; Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Parent
and the Company and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall also inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Employee, his executors, administrators and heirs. 8. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any of the conflicts of laws or choice of law provisions thereof that would compel the application of the substantive
laws of another jurisdiction. 9. No Third Party
Beneficiaries . Nothing contained in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended, or shall be deemed, to create or confer any right, interest or remedy for
the benefit of any person (other than, in the case of Parent and the Company, their respective subsidiaries and affiliates) or as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 10. Entire Agreement . This Agreement supersedes all prior employment or other agreements, negotiations or understandings of any kind with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than the Grant Agreement dated December 12, 2005 between Parent and the Employee
and the Grant Agreement dated February 20, 2007 between Parent and the Employee (except to the extent that such agreements conflict with this Agreement) and contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof. 4 
 11. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are included for convenience and reference purposes only and shall be given no effect in the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement. 12. Compliance
with Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ). Parent may make any changes to this Agreement it determines in its sole discretion are necessary to comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A and any final, proposed, or temporary regulations or any other guidance issued
thereunder without the consent of Employee (including, without limitation, delaying the payment or commencement of payments contemplated herein to the extent required under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)). 13. Amendments . No modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by the party against whom the same is sought to be enforced.
 14. Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 5
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

EMPLOYEE 

/s/ Scott Ross 

Scott Ross 

EXOPACK, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Jack Knott 

Name: 
 Jack Knott 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

CPG FINANCE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jack Knott 

Name: 
 Jack Knott 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 [Signature Page to Separation Benefit Agreement] 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 dex1017.htm
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT BETWEEN CPG FINANCE, INC. AND SCOTT ROSS

Stock Option Agreement between CPG Finance, Inc. and Scott Ross 

EXHIBIT 10.17 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-12.1>
 5
 dex121.htm
 STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

Statement Re: Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

EXHIBIT 12.1 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed
Charges 
 
 (dollars in
thousands) 
 
 (unaudited) 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Year 

Year Ended 

Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

July 15, 2005 

January 1, 2005 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

to December 31, 

to July 14, 

2009 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2005 

(successor) 

(predecessor) 

(Loss) income before income taxes 
 
 (7,049) 

(7,333) 

(4,446) 

(7,238) 

(4,354) 

(5,179) 

Fixed charges: 

Interest on debt 
 
 27,049 

29,448 

27,541 

26,110 

5,787 

5 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 
 1,543 

1,543 

1,343 

1,152 

84 

- 

Estimated interest component of 

rent expense 
 
 894 

791 

549 

446 

108 

23 

Total fixed charges 
 
 29,486 

31,782 

29,433 

27,708 

5,979 

28 

Total earnings available for fixed 

charges 
 
 22,437 

24,449 

24,987 

20,470 

1,625 

(5,151) 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 N/A Earnings
are inadequate to cover fixed charges by 7,049, 7,333, 4,446 and 7,238 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, 4,354 for the period from
July 15, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and 5,179 for the period from January 1, 2005 to July 14, 2005. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 dex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF EXOPACK HOLDING CORP.

Subsidiaries of Exopack Holding Corp. 

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of Exopack Holding Corp. 

Jurisdiction of 
 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Organization/Incorporation 
 
 Exopack, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Exopack-Thomasville, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Exopack-Hebron, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Exopack-Ontario, Inc. 
 California 
 
 Exopack Technology, LLC 
 California 
 
 Exopack Advanced Coatings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Intelicoat Technologies Image Products Matthews LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Exopack Advanced Coatings LTD 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Intellicoat Technologies EF Holdco Ltd 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Exopack Advanced Coatings (North Wales) LTD 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Cello-Foil Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 Cello-Foil Products, Inc. 
 Michigan 
 
 TPG Group Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 TPG Enterprises, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Exopack Performance Films 
 Canada 
 
 TPG (US), Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 The Packaging Group (NSULC) 
 Canada 
 
 Exopack-Newmarket, Ltd. 
 Canada 
 
 3181952 Nova Scotia Company 
 Canada 
 
 Exopack L.P. 
 Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jack E. Knott, certify that: 1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Exopack Holding Corp. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2010 

/s/ Jack. E Knott 

Jack E. Knott 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan D. Heard, certify that: 1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Exopack Holding Corp. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2010 

/s/ Jonathan D. Heard 

Jonathan D. Heard 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Exopack Holding Corp. (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jack E. Knott, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2010 

/s/ Jack E. Knott 

Jack E. Knott 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Exopack Holding Corp. (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan D. Heard, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2010 

/s/ Jonathan D. Heard 

Jonathan D. Heard 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

