<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100526_10-K_edgar_data_1278752_0001193125-10-129519.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1585172</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357321</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>57097</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1034178</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-10-129519.hdr.sgml : 20100526
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100526170648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-10-129519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20100331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100526
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100526

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APOLLO INVESTMENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001278752
		IRS NUMBER:				522439556
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00646
		FILM NUMBER:		10860178

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		38TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APOLLO CAPITAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TWKknw6wIBVRlscMKrYLq3n5WE+KPUXjoI5mtf+nwBryHi570i6o2aITKOqjxVKI
 1AS9pbu4HQBNQTdcLYlWRw==

 0001193125-10-129519.txt : 20100526

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2010

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2010 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 814-00646 
 
 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 
 
 52-2439556 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

9 West 57th Street 
 New York, N.Y. 
 
 10019 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (212) 515-3450 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Common Stock, par value 
 0.001 per share 
 
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act) Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on September 30, 2009 based on the closing price on that date of
 9.55 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was approximately 1.6 billion. For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were 193,844,627 shares of the
Registrant s common stock outstanding as of May 26, 2010. Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2010 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 25 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

26 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 29 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
 
 30 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 40 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 41 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
 
 82 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 82 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 82 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 83 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 87 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
 
 88 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 89 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 90 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 92 

Signatures 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Apollo Investment Corporation Apollo
Investment Corporation Apollo Investment , the Company or we ), a Maryland corporation organized on February 2, 2004, is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has
elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). In addition, for tax purposes we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC ), under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Our investment objective is to generate both
current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine and senior secured loans, as well as by making equity investments. From time to time, we may also
invest in the securities of public companies. Our portfolio is comprised primarily of investments in long-term subordinated debt, referred to
as mezzanine debt, and senior secured loans of private middle-market companies, and from time to time includes equity interests such as common stock, preferred stock, warrants or options. In this Form 10-K, we use the term middle-market 
to refer to companies with annual revenues between 50 million and 2 billion. While our primary focus is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through investments in U.S. senior and subordinated loans, other debt securities and
private equity, we may also invest a portion of the portfolio in opportunistic investments, including foreign securities. Apollo Investment
Management, L.P. AIM is the investment adviser for the Company and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, LLC, and its consolidated subsidiaries AGM ). AGM and other affiliates manage other funds that may have investment
mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, with ours. AIM and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate both for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment
and other appropriate factors, AIM may determine that we should invest on a side-by-side basis with one or more other funds. We may make all such investments subject to compliance with applicable regulations and interpretations, and our allocation
procedures. In certain circumstances negotiated co-investments may be made only if we receive an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. There can be no assurance that any such order will be obtained. 
 During our fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, we invested 716 million across 5 new and 24 existing portfolio companies, primarily through
opportunistic secondary market purchases. This compares to investing 435 million in 12 new and 13 existing portfolio companies for the previous fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. Investments sold or prepaid during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2010 totaled 452 million versus 340 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. The weighted average yields on our senior secured loan portfolio, subordinated debt portfolio and total debt portfolio as of March 31,
2010 at our current cost basis were 8.5 , 13.5 and 11.8 , respectively. At March 31, 2009, the yields were 8.2 , 13.2 , and 11.7 , respectively. 
 Our targeted investment size typically ranges between 20 million and 250 million, although this investment size may vary proportionately as the size of
our available capital base changes. At March 31, 2010, our net portfolio consisted of 67 portfolio companies and was invested 30 in senior secured loans, 59 in subordinated debt, 1 in preferred equity and 10 in common equity and warrants
measured at fair value versus 72 portfolio companies invested 26 in senior secured loans, 58 in subordinated debt, 5 in preferred equity and 11 in common equity and warrants at March 31, 2009. 
 Since the initial public offering of Apollo Investment in April 2004 and through March 31, 2010, invested capital totaled 6.3 billion in 128
portfolio companies. Over the same period, Apollo Investment completed transactions with more than 85 different financial sponsors. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 At March 31, 2010, 64 or 1.6 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio is fixed rate debt
and 36 or 0.9 billion is floating rate debt, measured at fair value. On a cost basis, 65 or 1.8 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio is fixed rate debt and 35 or 1.0 billion is floating rate debt. At March 31, 2009, 70 or
 1.5 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio was fixed rate debt and 30 or 0.7 billion was floating rate debt. On a cost basis, 66 or 2.0 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio is fixed rate debt and 34 or 1.0 billion is
floating rate debt. Apollo Investment Management, L.P. 
 AIM, our investment adviser, is led by a dedicated team of investment professionals. The investment committee of AIM currently consists of John J. Hannan,
the Chairman of our board of directors; James C. Zelter, our Chief Executive Officer and a Vice President of the general partner of AIM; Patrick J. Dalton, President and Chief Operating Officer of Apollo Investment and a Vice President and the Chief
Investment Officer of the general partner of AIM; Rajay Bagaria, a Partner of AIM; and Justin Sendak, a Partner of AIM. The composition of the investment committee of AIM may change from time to time. AIM draws upon AGM s 20 year history and
benefits from the broader firm s significant capital markets, trading and research expertise developed through investments in many core sectors in over 150 companies since inception. 
 Apollo Investment Administration In
addition to furnishing us with office facilities, equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services, Apollo Investment Administration, LLC AIA or Apollo Administration also oversees our financial records as
well as prepares our reports to stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. AIA also performs and oversees the determination and publication of our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns, the payment of our expenses
and the performance of various third-party service providers. Furthermore, AIA provides on our behalf managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. 
 Operating and Regulatory Structure Our
investment activities are managed by AIM and supervised by our board of directors, a majority of whom are independent of Apollo and its affiliates. AIM is an investment adviser that is registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Under our
investment advisory and management agreement, we pay AIM an annual base management fee based on our average gross assets as well as an incentive fee. 
 As a business development company, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. Also, while we are permitted to finance investments
using debt, our ability to use debt is limited in certain significant respects (see Item 1A Risk Factors). We have elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 Investments Apollo Investment seeks to
create a portfolio that includes primarily debt investments in mezzanine and senior secured loans and, to a lesser extent, private equity investments by generally investing, on an individual portfolio company basis, approximately 20 million to 250
million of capital, on average, in these securities of middle-market companies. The average investment size will vary as the size of our capital base varies. Our target portfolio will generally be more heavily weighted toward mezzanine loans.
Structurally, mezzanine loans usually rank subordinate in priority of payment to senior debt, such as senior bank debt, and are often unsecured. As such, other creditors may rank senior to us in the event of an insolvency. However, mezzanine loans
rank senior to common and preferred equity in a borrowers capital structure. Mezzanine loans may have a fixed or floating interest rate. Additional upside can be generated from upfront fees, call protection including call premiums, equity
co-investments or warrants. We believe that mezzanine loans offer an attractive investment opportunity based upon their historic returns. Additionally, we may acquire investments in the secondary market if we believe the risk-adjusted returns are
attractive. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our principal focus is to provide capital to middle-market companies in a variety of industries. We
generally seek to target companies that generate positive free cash flows. The following is a representative list of the industries in which
we have invested: 

Building materials 
 
 Education 
 
 Lodging/Leisure/Resorts 

Business services 
 
 Energy/Utilities 
 
 Manufacturing/Basic industry 

Cable television 
 
 Environmental services 
 
 Media 

Chemicals 
 
 Financial services 
 
 Packaging 

Communications 
 
 Food 
 
 Printing and publishing 

Consumer products 
 
 Government services 
 
 Restaurants 

Distribution 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Transportation We may also invest in other
industries if we are presented with attractive opportunities. In an effort to increase our returns and the number of loans that we can make,
we may in the future seek to securitize our loans. To securitize loans, we may create a wholly owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of loans to the subsidiary. We may sell interests in the subsidiary on a non-recourse basis to purchasers whom we
would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest rate to invest in investment-grade loan pools. We may use the proceeds of such sales to pay down bank debt or to fund additional investments. We may also invest through special purpose entities
or other arrangements, including total return swaps and repurchase agreements, in order to obtain non-recourse financing or for other purposes. 
 We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds. We may also
co-invest on a concurrent basis with affiliates of Apollo Investment, subject to compliance with applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. Certain types of negotiated co-investments may be made only if we receive an order from the SEC
permitting us to do so. There can be no assurance that any such order will be obtained. At March 31, 2010, our net portfolio consisted
of 67 portfolio companies and was invested 30 in senior secured loans, 59 in subordinated debt, 1 in preferred equity and 10 in common equity and warrants measured at fair value. We expect that our portfolio will continue to include primarily
mezzanine and senior secured loans as well as, to a lesser extent, equity-related securities. In addition, we also expect to invest a portion of our portfolio in opportunistic investments, which are not our primary focus, but are intended to enhance
our risk-adjusted returns to stockholders. These investments may include, but are not limited to, securities of public companies and debt and equity securities of companies located outside of the United States. 
 While our primary focus is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through investments in U.S. senior and subordinated loans, other debt
securities and private equity, we may also invest a portion of the portfolio in opportunistic investments, including foreign securities. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Listed below are our top ten portfolio companies and industries represented as a percentage of total assets
for the years ended March 31, 2010 and 2009: TOP TEN PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND INDUSTRIES AS OF MARCH 31, 2010

PORTFOLIO COMPANY 
 
 of Total Assets 

INDUSTRY 
 
 of Total Assets 

Asurion Corporation 
 
 4.3 

Education 
 
 8.3 

Ranpak Corporation 
 
 4.2 

Healthcare 
 
 5.6 

BNY ConvergEx Group, LLC 
 
 3.7 

Insurance 
 
 5.2 

First Data Corporation 
 
 3.0 

Business Services 
 
 5.0 

TL Acquisitions, Inc. (Thomson Learning) 
 
 2.6 

Diversified Service 
 
 4.9 

MEG Energy Corp. 
 
 2.5 

Retail 
 
 4.6 

Ceridian Corp. 
 
 2.5 

Oil Gas 
 
 4.3 

US Foodservice 
 
 2.4 

Packaging 
 
 4.2 

Playpower Holdings Inc. 
 
 2.4 

Financial Services 
 
 4.0 

Fleetpride Corporation 
 
 2.4 

Broadcasting Entertainment 
 
 3.1 
 TOP TEN
PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND INDUSTRIES AS OF MARCH 31, 2009 

PORTFOLIO COMPANY 
 
 of Total Assets 

INDUSTRY 
 
 of Total Assets 

Asurion Corporation 
 
 4.8 

Education 
 
 7.7 

First Data Corporation 
 
 4.5 

Healthcare 
 
 7.2 

TL Acquisitions, Inc. (Thomson Learning) 
 
 3.8 

Financial Services 
 
 6.2 

Grand Prix Holdings, LLC (Innkeepers USA) 
 
 3.3 

Diversified Service 
 
 5.8 

Gray Wireline Service, Inc. 
 
 3.2 

Insurance 
 
 5.6 

Ceridian Corp. 
 
 2.9 

Oil Gas 
 
 4.9 

Ranpak Corporation 
 
 2.9 

Consumer Products 
 
 4.1 

Playpower Holdings Inc. 
 
 2.8 

Transportation 
 
 3.9 

Fleetpride Corporation 
 
 2.8 

Retail 
 
 3.8 

Quality Home Brands Holdings LLC 
 
 2.6 

Industrial 
 
 3.6 
 Listed below is the geographic
breakdown of the portfolio as of March 31, 2010 and 2009: 

Geographic Region 

of Portfolio at March 31, 2010 
 
 Geographic Region 

of Portfolio at March 31, 2009 
 
 United States 
 
 91.6 
 
 United States 
 
 91.0 
 
 Canada 
 
 3.1 
 
 Canada 
 
 1.8 
 
 Western Europe 
 
 5.3 
 
 Western Europe 
 
 7.2 

100.0 

100.0 

Investment selection due diligence 
 We are committed to a value oriented philosophy and will commit resources to managing risk to the Company s capital. Our investment adviser conducts
due diligence on prospective portfolio companies. In conducting their due diligence, our adviser uses information provided by the company and its management team, publicly available information, as well as information from their extensive
relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors and investment bankers and the direct experience of the senior partners of our affiliates. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our investment adviser s due diligence will typically include: 

review of historical and prospective financial information; 

on-site visits; 

interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors of the potential portfolio company; 

review of loan documents; 

background checks; and 

research relating to the company s management, industry, markets, products and services, and competitors. 
 Upon the completion of due diligence and a decision to proceed with an investment in a company, the professionals leading the investment present the
investment opportunity to our investment adviser s investment committee, which determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys and
independent accountants (retained by us or such portfolio company) prior to the closing of the investment, as well as other outside advisers, as appropriate. 
 Investment structure Once we have
determined that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management of that company and its other capital providers, including senior, junior and equity capital providers, to structure an investment. 
 We seek to structure our mezzanine investments primarily as unsecured, subordinated loans that provide for relatively high interest rates that provide us
with significant current interest income. These loans typically have interest-only payments. In some cases, we may enter into loans that, by their terms, convert into equity or additional debt securities or defer payments of interest after our
investment. Also, in some cases our mezzanine loans may be collateralized by a subordinated lien on some or all of the assets of the borrower. Typically, our mezzanine loans have maturities of five to ten years. 
 We also seek to invest in portfolio companies in the form of senior secured loans. We expect these senior secured loans to have terms of three to ten
years and may provide for deferred interest payments over the term of the loan. We generally seek to obtain security interests in the assets of our portfolio companies that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This
collateral may take the form of first or second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. In the case of our mezzanine and senior
secured loan investments, we seek to tailor the terms of the investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating
incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its profitability. For example, in addition to seeking a senior position in the capital structure of our portfolio companies, we seek to limit the downside potential of
our investments by: 

requiring an expected total return on our investments (including both interest and potential equity appreciation) that compensates us for credit risk;

generally incorporating call protection into the investment structure where possible; and 

negotiating covenants and information rights in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing
their businesses as possible, consistent with our goal of preserving our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either
observation or participation rights. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our investments may include equity features, such as warrants or options to buy a minority interest in the
portfolio company. Any warrants we receive with our debt securities generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We
may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also seek to
obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but we may sell certain of our investments sooner if a liquidity event takes place
such as the sale or recapitalization or worsening of credit quality of a portfolio company, among other reasons. Managerial assistance
 As a business development company, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This
assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and
financial guidance. We may receive fees for these services. AIA provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 
 Ongoing relationships with portfolio companies 
 Monitoring AIM
monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis as well as monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if each is meeting its respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company.
 AIM has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which can include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

Assessment of success in adhering to portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 

Periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position,
requirements and accomplishments; 

Comparisons to other portfolio companies in the industry; 

Attendance at and participation in board meetings; and 

Review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 
 In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, AIM also uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor our expected level of
returns on each investment in our portfolio. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We use an investment rating scale of 1 to 5. The following is a description of the conditions associated
with each investment rating: 

Investment Rating 
 
 Summary Description 
 
 1 
 
 Capital gain expected 
 
 2 
 
 Full return of principal and interest or dividend expected, with the portfolio company performing in accordance with our analysis of its business 
 
 3 
 
 Full return of principal and interest or dividend expected, but the portfolio company requires closer monitoring 
 
 4 
 
 Some loss of interest, dividend or capital appreciation expected, but still expecting an overall positive internal rate of return on the investment 
 
 5 
 
 Loss of interest or dividend and some loss of principal investment expected, which would result in an overall negative internal rate of return on the
investment AIM monitors and, when appropriate, changes the investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In
connection with our valuation process, AIM reviews these investment ratings on a quarterly basis, and our audit committee monitors such ratings. 
 Valuation Process 
 The following is a description of the steps we take each quarter to determine the value of our portfolio. Many of our portfolio investments are recorded
at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors pursuant to a written valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process utilizing the input of our investment adviser, independent valuation
firms and the audit committee. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are recorded in our financial statements at such market quotations if they are deemed to represent fair value. Market quotations may be deemed not to
represent fair value where AIM believes that facts and circumstances applicable to an issuer, a seller or purchaser or the market for a particular security causes current market quotes not to reflect the fair value of the security, among other
reasons. Examples of these events could include cases in which material events are announced after the close of the market on which a security is primarily traded, when a security trades infrequently causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become
stale or in the event of a fire sale by a distressed seller. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not
readily available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, our board of directors has approved a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 (1) our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the
investment professionals of our investment adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; (2) preliminary
valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of our investment adviser; (3)
independent valuation firms engaged by our board of directors conduct independent appraisals and review our investment adviser s preliminary valuations and make their own independent assessment; 
 (4) the audit committee of the board of directors reviews the preliminary valuation of our investment adviser and that of
the independent valuation firm and responds to the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firm to reflect any comments; and 
 (5) the board of directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good
faith based on the input of our investment adviser, the respective independent valuation firm and the audit committee. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 When we make investments that involve deferrals of interest payable to us, any increase in the value of the
investment due to the accrual of interest is allocated to the increase in the cost basis of the investment, rather than to capital appreciation or gain. 
 Competition Our primary competitors in
providing financing to middle-market companies include public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity or hedge funds. Some
of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that
are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we. Furthermore,
many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a business development company. We also expect to use the industry information of Apollo s investment professionals to which we have
access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we believe that the relationships of the senior managers of AIM and those of our affiliates enable us to learn about, and
compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. 
 Staffing The Company has a chief
financial officer and a chief compliance officer and, to the extent necessary, they have hired and will continue to hire additional personnel. These individuals perform their respective functions under the terms of the administration agreement.
Certain of our other executive officers are managing partners of our investment adviser. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by our investment adviser. AIM has hired and will continue to hire additional investment professionals in the
future. In addition, we generally reimburse AIA for our allocable portion of expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial
officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements
affect us. For example: 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the 1934 Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements
contained in our periodic reports; 

Pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures; 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act, our management must prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting; and 

Pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes
in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance
therewith. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 You may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10:00 am to 3:00 pm. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov ). 
 Our internet address is www.apolloic.com . We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not
incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in Apollo Investment involves a number of significant risks related to our business, structure, investments and investment in our common
stock. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective. CERTAIN RISKS IN THE CURRENT ENVIRONMENT
 Capital markets have recently been in a period of disruption and instability. These market conditions have materially and adversely
affected debt and equity capital markets in the United States and abroad, which have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our business and operations. 
 The global capital markets have recently been in a period of disruption as evidenced by a lack of liquidity in the debt capital markets, significant
write-offs in the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated credit market and the failure of certain major financial institutions. Despite actions of the United States federal government and foreign
governments, these events contributed to worsening general economic conditions that materially and adversely impacted the broader financial and credit markets and reduced the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and
financial services firms in particular. These conditions could continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. While these conditions persist, we and other companies in the financial services sector may have to access, if available,
alternative markets for debt and equity capital. Equity capital may be difficult to raise because subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than net asset
value. In addition, our ability to incur indebtedness (including by issued preferred stock) is limited by applicable regulations such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, must equal at least 200 immediately after each time we incur
indebtedness. The debt capital that will be available, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions in the future. Any inability to raise capital could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Moreover, recent market conditions have made, and may in the future make, it difficult to extend the maturity of or
refinance our existing indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if required. As a result, we may realize
significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments. Given the recent extreme volatility and dislocation in the
capital markets, many BDCs have faced, and may in the future face, a challenging environment in which to raise capital. Recent significant changes in the capital markets affecting our ability to raise capital have affected the pace of our investment
activity. In addition, significant changes in the capital markets, including the recent extreme volatility and disruption, have had, and may in the future have, a negative effect on the valuations of our investments and on the potential for
liquidity events involving our investments. An inability to raise capital, and any required sale of our investments for liquidity purposes, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND STRUCTURE 
 We may suffer credit losses. Investment
in small and middle-market companies is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk of credit loss. These risks are likely to increase during volatile economic periods, as the US and many other economies have recently been experiencing.
 We are dependent upon Apollo Investment Management s key personnel for our future success and upon their access to Apollo s
investment professionals and partners. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior management of AIM.
Members of our senior management may depart at any time. We also depend, to a significant extent, on AIM s access to the investment professionals and partners of Apollo and the information and deal flow generated by the Apollo investment
professionals in the course of their investment and portfolio management activities. The senior management of AIM evaluates, negotiates, structures, closes and monitors our investments. Our future success depends on the continued service of the
senior management team of AIM. The departure of any senior managers of AIM, or of a significant number of the investment professionals or partners of Apollo, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. In
addition, we can offer no assurance that AIM will remain our investment adviser or that we will continue to have access to Apollo s partners and investment professionals or its information and deal flow. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations depend on our ability to manage future growth effectively. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends, in part, on our ability to grow, which depends, in turn, on AIM s ability to identify,
invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of AIM s structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and
efficient services to us and our access to financing on acceptable terms. The senior management team of AIM has substantial responsibilities under the investment advisory and management agreement, and with respect to certain members, in connection
with their roles as officers of other Apollo funds. They may also be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies.
These demands on their time may distract them or slow the rate of investment. In order to grow, we and AIM need to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive market for investment
opportunities. A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we make. We compete with public and private
funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Competition for investment opportunities intensifies from time to time and may intensify
further in the future. Some of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and
access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more
relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and valuation requirements that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this existing and potentially increasing competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from
time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We do not seek to compete primarily based on the interest rates we offer, and we believe that some of our
competitors make loans with interest rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. We may lose investment opportunities if
we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. If we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income and increased risk of credit loss. 
 Any failure on our part to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 
 If we do not remain a BDC, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act, which would subject us to substantially more
regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act and correspondingly decrease our operating flexibility. We will be subject to corporate-level
income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC. To qualify as a RIC under the Code, we must meet certain source-of-income, asset
diversification and annual distribution requirements. The annual distribution requirement for a RIC is satisfied if we distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term
capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. To the extent we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements and other financial covenants under loan and credit agreements, and could in some
circumstances also become subject to such requirements under the 1940 Act, that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail
to qualify as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to corporate-level income tax. To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. Failure to meet these tests may result in our having
to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments are in private companies, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we
fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and become subject to corporate-level income tax, the resulting corporate-level taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our
distributions. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. To qualify again to be taxed as a RIC in a
subsequent year, we would be required to distribute to our stockholders our earnings and profits attributable to non-RIC years reduced by an interest charge on 50 of such earnings and profits payable by us to the IRS. In addition, if we failed to
qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, then we would be required to elect to recognize and pay tax on any net built-in gain (the excess of aggregate gain, including items of income, over aggregate loss that would have been
realized if we had been liquidated) or, alternatively, be subject to taxation on such built-in gain recognized for a period of ten years, in order to qualify as a RIC in a subsequent year. 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income.
 For federal income tax purposes, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as original issue
discount, which may arise if we receive warrants in connection with the making of a loan or possibly in other circumstances, or payment-in-kind interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan
term. Such original issue discount, which could be significant relative to our overall investment activities, or increases in loan balances as a result of payment-in-kind arrangements are included in income before we receive any corresponding cash
payments. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we do not receive in cash. That part of the incentive fee
payable by us that relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received in cash. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan, it is possible that accrued interest
previously used in the calculation of the incentive fee will 
 11 

Table of Contents 

become uncollectible. Consequently, while we may make incentive fee payments on income accruals that we may not collect in the future and with respect to which we do not have a formal clawback
right against our investment adviser per se, the amount of accrued income written off in any period will reduce the income in the period in which such write-off was taken and thereby reduce such period s incentive fee payment. 
 Since in certain cases we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the tax
requirement to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, to maintain our status as a RIC. Accordingly, we may have to sell some of our
investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations in order to meet distribution and/or leverage requirements. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we raise, additional capital. 
 We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as
 senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities only in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act,
equals at least 200 after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, the contractual arrangements governing these securities may require us to sell a portion of
our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 
 BDCs may issue and sell common stock at a price below net asset value per share only in limited circumstances, one of which is during the one-year period
after stockholder approval. In the past, our stockholders have approved a plan so that during the subsequent 12 month period we could, in one or more public or private offerings of our common stock, sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock
at a price below the then current net asset value per share, subject to certain conditions including parameters on the level of permissible dilution, approval of the sale by a majority of our independent directors and a requirement that the sale
price be not less than approximately the market price of the shares of our common stock at specified times, less the expenses of the sale. We may in the future seek to renew such authority on terms and conditions set forth in the corresponding proxy
statement. There is no assurance such approvals will be obtained. In the event we sell, or otherwise issue, shares of our common stock at a
price below net asset value per share, existing stockholders will experience net asset value dilution and the investors who acquire shares in such offering may thereafter experience the same type of dilution from subsequent offerings at a discount.
For example, if we sell an additional 10 of our common shares at a 5 discount from net asset value, a stockholder who does not participate in that offering for its proportionate interest will suffer net asset value dilution of up to 0.5 or 5 per
 1000 of net asset value. We currently use borrowed funds to make investments and are exposed to the typical risks associated with
leverage. We are exposed to increased risk of loss due to our use of debt to make investments. A decrease in the value of our investments
will have a greater negative impact on the value of our common stock than if we did not use debt. Our ability to pay dividends will be restricted if we fail to satisfy certain of our asset coverage ratios and other financial covenants and any
amounts that we use to service our indebtedness are not available for dividends to our common stockholders. The agreements governing our
revolving credit facility require us to comply with certain financial and operational covenants. These covenants require us to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including asset coverage, minimum shareholder equity and
liquidity. As of March 31, 2010, we were in 
 12 

Table of Contents 

compliance with these covenants. However, our continued compliance with these covenants depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. In the event of deterioration in the capital
markets and pricing levels subsequent to this period, net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio may increase in the future. Absent an amendment to our revolving credit facility, continued unrealized depreciation in our investment portfolio could
result in non-compliance with certain covenants. Accordingly, there are no assurances that we will continue to comply with these covenants.
Failure to comply with these covenants would result in a default which, if we were unable to obtain a waiver from the lenders, could accelerate repayment under the facilities and thereby have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial
condition, results of operations and ability to pay dividends. Our current and future debt securities are and may be governed by an indenture
or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. We, and indirectly our stockholders, bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may
have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock. We fund a portion of our investments with borrowed
money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowings and
other types of financing, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, therefore, increase the risks associated with investing in our securities. Our lenders have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are
superior to the claims of our common stockholders or any preferred stockholders. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if
the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any increase in our income in excess of consolidated interest payable on the borrowed
funds would cause our net income to increase more than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our
ability to make common stock dividend payments. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. We may in the future
determine to fund a portion of our investments with preferred stock, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss and the risks of investing in us in the same way as our borrowings. 
 Preferred stock, which is another form of leverage, has the same risks to our common stockholders as borrowings because the dividends on any preferred
stock we issue must be cumulative. Payment of such dividends and repayment of the liquidation preference of such preferred stock must take preference over any dividends or other payments to our common stockholders, and preferred stockholders are not
subject to any of our expenses or losses and are not entitled to participate in any income or appreciation in excess of their stated preference. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 Because we borrow money, and may issue preferred stock to finance investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between
the rate at which we borrow funds or pay dividends on preferred stock and the rate at which we invest these funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on
our net investment income. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase except to the extent we issue fixed rate debt or preferred stock, which could reduce our net investment income. Our long-term fixed-rate investments are
financed primarily with equity and long-term debt. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Such techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the
extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Interest rate hedging activities do not protect against credit risk. We have analyzed the potential impact of changes in interest rates on interest income net of interest expense. Assuming that the balance sheet
were to remain constant and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate 
 13 

Table of Contents 

sensitivity, a hypothetical immediate 1 change in interest rates would not materially affect our investment income over a one-year horizon. In addition, we believe that our interest rate
matching strategy and our ability to hedge mitigates the effects any changes in interest rates may have on our investment income. Although management believes that this is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust
for potential changes in credit quality, size and composition of the assets on the balance sheet and other business developments that could affect net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. Accordingly, no
assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the potential outcome simulated by this estimate. You should
also be aware that a change in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to a change in the interest rates we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, a change in interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or
exceed the performance threshold and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of incentive fees payable to our investment adviser with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to grow because we must distribute most of our income. 
 We may need additional capital to fund growth in our investments. We have issued equity securities and have borrowed from financial institutions. A
reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. We must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, to our
stockholders to maintain our regulated investment company status. As a result, any such cash earnings may not be available to fund investment originations. We expect to continue to borrow from financial institutions and issue additional debt and
equity securities. If we fail to obtain funds from such sources or from other sources to fund our investments, it could limit our ability to grow, which may have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. In addition, as a BDC, our ability to
borrow or issue additional preferred stock may be restricted if our total assets are less than 200 of our total borrowings and preferred stock. 
 Many of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there is
uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. A large percentage of our portfolio investments are not publicly traded. The
fair value of these investments may not be readily determinable. We value these investments quarterly at fair value (based on ASC 820, its corresponding guidance and the principal markets in which these investments trade) as determined in good faith
by our board of directors pursuant to a written valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process utilizing the input of our investment adviser, independent valuation firms and the audit committee. Our board of directors utilizes the
services of independent valuation firms to aid it in determining the fair value of these investments. The types of factors that may be considered in fair value pricing of these investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral,
the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to more liquid securities, indices and other market-related inputs, discounted cash flow, our principal
market and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations
of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a readily available market for these investments existed and may differ materially from the amounts we realize on any disposition of such investments. Our net asset
value could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such investments. 
 In addition, decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments are recorded as unrealized depreciation. Unprecedented declines in prices
and liquidity in the corporate debt markets have resulted in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio in the past. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio has reduced our NAV by increasing net unrealized depreciation
in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may continue to suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We generally make investments in private companies. Substantially all of these securities are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or are
otherwise less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio
quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. In addition, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that we or an
affiliated manager of Apollo has material non-public information regarding such portfolio company. We may experience fluctuations in our
periodic results. We could experience fluctuations in our periodic operating results due to a number of factors, including the interest
rates payable on the debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such securities, the level of our expenses (including the interest rates payable on our borrowings), the dividend rates on preferred stock we issue, variations in and the timing of
the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being
indicative of performance in future periods. There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could adversely affect our
investment returns. Our executive officers and directors, and the partners of our investment adviser, AIM, serve or may serve as officers,
directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our affiliates. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which
might not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. Moreover, we note that, notwithstanding the difference in principal investment objectives between us and other Apollo funds, such other Apollo sponsored funds, including new affiliated
potential pooled investment vehicles or managed accounts not yet established (whether managed or sponsored by those Apollo affiliates or AIM itself), have and may from time to time have overlapping investment objectives with us and, accordingly,
invest in, whether principally or secondarily, asset classes similar to those targeted by us. To the extent such other investment vehicles have overlapping investment objectives, the scope of opportunities otherwise available to us may be adversely
affected and/or reduced. As a result, certain partners of AIM may face conflicts in their time management and commitments as well as in the allocation of investment opportunities to other Apollo funds. In addition, in the event such investment
opportunities are allocated among us and other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, AIM our desired investment portfolio may be adversely affected. Although AIM endeavors to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and
equitable manner, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment funds managed by AIM or investment managers affiliated with AIM. 
 There are no information barriers amongst Apollo and certain of its affiliates. If AIM were to receive material non-public information about a particular
company, or have an interest in investing in a particular company, Apollo or certain of its affiliates may be prevented from investing in such company. Conversely, if Apollo or certain of its affiliates were to receive material non-public
information about a particular company, or have an interest in investing in a particular company, we may be prevented from investing in such company. 
 AIM and/or its affiliates and investment managers may determine that an investment is appropriate both for us and for one or more other funds. In such
event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, AIM may determine that we should invest on a side-by-side basis with one or more other funds. We may make all such investments subject to compliance with
applicable regulations and interpretations, and our allocation procedures. In certain circumstances negotiated co-investments may be made only if we receive an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. There can be no assurance that any such order
will be obtained. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 In the course of our investing activities, we pay management and incentive fees to AIM, and reimburse AIM
for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in, among other things, a lower rate of return than one
might achieve through direct investments. As a result of this arrangement, there may be times when the management team of AIM has interests that differ from those of our common stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. 
 AIM receives a quarterly incentive fee based, in part, on our pre-incentive fee income, if any, for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. This
incentive fee will not be payable to AIM unless the pre-incentive net investment income exceeds the performance threshold. To the extent we or AIM are able to exert influence over our portfolio companies, the quarterly pre-incentive fee may provide
AIM with an incentive to induce our portfolio companies to prepay interest or other obligations in certain circumstances. We have entered
into a royalty-free license agreement with Apollo, pursuant to which Apollo has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive license to use the name Apollo. Under the license agreement, we have the right to use the Apollo name for so
long as AIM or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. In addition, we rent office space from AIA, an affiliate of AIM, and pay Apollo Administration our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by AIA in performing
its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which can create conflicts of interest that our board of
directors must monitor. In the past following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class
action litigation has, from time to time, been brought against that company. If our stock price fluctuates significantly, we may be the
target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business. 
 We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation by laws at the local, state and federal levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their
interpretation, may be changed from time to time. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations could have a material adverse affect on our business. 
 Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price
of our common stock. The Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter and our bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or
make more difficult a change in control of Apollo Investment or the removal of our directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our board of directors has adopted a
resolution exempting from the Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such business combination by our board of directors, including approval by a majority of our disinterested
directors. If the resolution exempting business combinations is repealed or our board of directors does not approve a business combination, the Business Combination Act may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase
the difficulty of consummating such an offer. Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act acquisitions of our common stock by any person. If we amend our bylaws to repeal the exemption from the Control Share Acquisition Act,
the Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. 
 We have also adopted other measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter classifying
our board of directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and provisions of our charter authorizing our board of directors to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of
additional shares of our stock, and to amend our charter, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

without stockholder approval, to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we have authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may
delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. We may
choose to pay dividends in our own common stock, in which case you may be required to pay federal income taxes in excess of the cash dividends you receive. 
 We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash and shares of our common stock at the election of each stockholder. Under IRS Revenue
Procedure 2009-15, up to 90 of any such taxable dividend for a RIC s taxable years ending on or before December 31, 2009 could be payable in our common stock with the 10 or greater balance paid in cash. The Internal Revenue Service has
also issued (and where Revenue Procedure 2009-15 is not currently applicable, the Internal Revenue Service continues to issue) private letter rulings on cash/stock dividends paid by regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts
using a 20 cash standard (instead of the 10 cash standard of Revenue Procedure 2009-15) if certain requirements are satisfied. Stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income to
the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S.
stockholder sells the common stock that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time
of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. In addition, if a
significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. It is unclear whether and to what extent we will be
able to pay taxable dividends in cash and common stock (whether pursuant to Revenue Procedure 2009-15, a private letter ruling or otherwise). 
 Climate Change There is evidence of
global climate change. Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions,
primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may
require additional investments by our portfolio companies engaged in the energy business in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. Increases in the cost of energy also could adversely affect the cost of operations of our
portfolio companies if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our portfolio companies financial condition, through decreased revenues. Extreme
weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. Energy companies could also be affected by the potential for lawsuits against or taxes or
other regulatory costs imposed on greenhouse gas emitters, based on links drawn between greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INVESTMENTS Our investments in prospective portfolio companies are risky, and you could lose all or part of your
investment. Investment in middle-market companies is speculative and involves a number of significant risks including a high degree of
risk of credit loss. Middle-market companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a
reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment. In addition, they typically have shorter operating histories, 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic
downturns. Middle-market companies are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material
adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us. Middle-market companies also generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products
subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers, directors and our investment
adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies. 
 We invest primarily in mezzanine debt and senior secured loans and we may not realize gains from our equity investments. 
 Mezzanine loans are generally unsecured and junior to other indebtedness of the issuer. As a consequence, the holder of a mezzanine loan may lack adequate
protection in the event the issuer becomes distressed or insolvent and will likely experience a lower recovery than more senior debtholders in the event the issuer defaults on its indebtedness. In addition, mezzanine loans of middle market companies
are often highly illiquid and in adverse market conditions may experience steep declines in valuation even if they are fully performing. 
 Senior secured loans are the most senior form of indebtedness of an issuer and, due to the ability of the lender to sell the collateral to repay its loan
in the event of default, the lender will likely experience more favorable recovery than more junior creditors in the event of the issuer defaults on its indebtedness. 
 When we invest in mezzanine and senior secured loans, we have and may continue to acquire warrants or other equity securities as well. In addition, we
may invest directly in the equity securities of portfolio companies. Our goal is ultimately to dispose of such equity interests and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in
value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we
experience. Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 During portions of fiscal 2010, the economy was in the midst of a recession and in a difficult part of a credit cycle. Many of our portfolio companies may
be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods if we are required to
write down the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in
our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These
events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial
or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and
jeopardize the portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt that we hold. We may incur additional expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio
company. In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we or one of our affiliates may have structured our interest as senior debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually
provided significant managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might recharacterize our debt holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to invest in public companies may be limited in certain circumstances. 
 As a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made,
at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Subject to certain exceptions for follow-on investments and distressed companies, an investment in an issuer that has outstanding securities listed on a
national securities exchange may be treated as qualifying assets only if such issuer has a market capitalization that is less than 250 million at the time of such investment. 
 Our portfolio contains a limited number of portfolio companies, which subjects us to a greater risk of significant loss if any of these companies
defaults on its obligations under any of its debt securities. A consequence of the limited number of investments in our portfolio is that
the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if one or more of our significant portfolio company investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one significant investment. Beyond our income tax
diversification requirements, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our portfolio could contain relatively few portfolio companies. 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments,
in order to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing or (3) attempt to preserve
or enhance the value of our investment. We may elect not to make follow-on investments, may be constrained in our ability to employ available
funds, or otherwise may lack sufficient funds to make those investments. We have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some
circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a
desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, because we prefer other opportunities, or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements or
the desire to maintain our tax status. When we do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be in a
position to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. 
 We do not generally take controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. To the extent that we do not hold a controlling equity interest in a
portfolio company, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the stockholders and management of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our
interests. Due to the lack of liquidity for the debt and equity investments that we typically hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company, and may
therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. An investment strategy focused primarily on privately-held companies presents
certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies, a dependence on the talents and efforts of only a few key portfolio company personnel and a greater vulnerability to economic downturns. 
 We have invested and will continue to invest primarily in privately-held companies. Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and
we are required to rely on the ability of AIM s investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed
investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Also, privately-held companies frequently have less diverse product lines and smaller market presence than public company competitors, which often are larger. These factors could affect
our investment returns. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies.
 We have invested and intend to invest primarily in mezzanine and senior debt securities issued by our portfolio companies. The portfolio
companies usually have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt securities in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of
interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the debt securities in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio
company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying such senior
creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt securities in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions
with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. In addition, we may not be in a position to control any portfolio company by investing in
its debt securities. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest may make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of their common equity,
may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Our incentive fee may induce AIM to make
certain investments, including speculative investments. The incentive fee payable by us to AIM may create an incentive for AIM to make
investments on our behalf that are risky or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. The way in which the incentive fee payable to AIM is determined, which is calculated separately in two components as
a percentage of the income (subject to a performance threshold) and as a percentage of the realized gain on invested capital, may encourage our investment adviser to use leverage to increase the return on our investments. Under certain
circumstances, the use of leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor the holders of our common stock, including investors in offerings of common stock, securities convertible into our common stock or warrants representing
rights to purchase our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock. In addition, AIM receives the incentive fee based, in part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments. Unlike the portion of the incentive fee based on
income, there is no performance threshold applicable to the portion of the incentive fee based on net capital gains. As a result, AIM may have a tendency to invest more in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income
producing securities. Such a practice could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. 
 The incentive fee payable by us to AIM also may create an incentive for AIM to invest on our behalf in instruments that have a deferred interest feature.
Under these investments, we would accrue the interest over the life of the investment but would not receive the cash income from the investment until the end of the term. Our net investment income used to calculate the income portion of our
investment fee, however, includes accrued interest. Thus, while a portion of this incentive fee would be based on income that we have not yet received in cash and with respect to which we do not have a formal claw-back right against our investment
adviser per se, the amount of accrued income to the extent written off in any period will reduce the income in the period in which such write-off was taken and thereby reduce such period s incentive fee payment. 
 We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds, and, to the
extent we so invest, will bear our ratable share of any such investment 
 20 

Table of Contents 

company s expenses, including management and performance fees. We will also remain obligated to pay management and incentive fees to AIM with respect to the assets invested in the securities
and instruments of other investment companies. With respect to each of these investments, each of our common stockholders will bear his or her share of the management and incentive fee of AIM as well as indirectly bearing the management and
performance fees and other expenses of any investment companies in which we invest. We may be obligated to pay our investment adviser
incentive compensation even if we incur a loss. Our investment adviser is entitled to incentive compensation for each fiscal quarter in an
amount equal to a percentage of the excess of our pre-incentive fee net investment income for that quarter (before deducting incentive compensation) above a performance threshold for that quarter. Accordingly, since the performance threshold is
based on a percentage of our net asset value, decreases in our net asset value make it easier to achieve the performance threshold. Our pre-incentive fee net investment income for incentive compensation purposes excludes realized and unrealized
capital losses or depreciation that we may incur in the fiscal quarter, even if such capital losses or depreciation result in a net loss on our statement of operations for that quarter. Thus, we may be required to pay AIM incentive compensation for
a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net loss for that quarter. Our investments in
foreign securities may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. Our investment strategy
contemplates that a portion of our investments may be in securities of foreign companies. Investing in foreign companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in
exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government
supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. These risks are likely to be more
pronounced for investments in companies located in emerging markets and particularly for middle-market companies in these economies. Although
most of our investments are denominated in U.S. dollars, our investments that are denominated in a foreign currency are subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency may change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the
factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation, and
political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we can offer no assurance that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk or, that if we do, such strategies will be effective. 
 Hedging transactions may expose us to additional risks. 
 If we engage in hedging transactions, we may expose ourselves to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such as forward
contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against
a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions
designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should
increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 While we may enter into transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks,
unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the
instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio
holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value
of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. 
 RISKS RELATED TO ISSUANCE OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK 
 An investment in our preferred stock should not constitute a complete investment program. 
 If we issue preferred stock, the net asset value and market value of our common stock may become more volatile. 
 We cannot assure you that the issuance of preferred stock would result in a higher yield or return to the holders of the common stock. The issuance of
preferred stock would likely cause the net asset value and market value of the common stock to become more volatile. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock were to approach the net rate of return on our investment portfolio, the benefit of
leverage to the holders of the common stock would be reduced. If the dividend rate on the preferred stock were to exceed the net rate of return on our portfolio, the leverage would result in a lower rate of return to the holders of common stock than
if we had not issued preferred stock. Any decline in the net asset value of our investments would be borne entirely by the holders of common stock. Therefore, if the market value of our portfolio were to decline, the leverage would result in a
greater decrease in net asset value to the holders of common stock than if we were not leveraged through the issuance of preferred stock. This greater net asset value decrease would also tend to cause a greater decline in the market price for the
common stock. We might be in danger of failing to maintain the required asset coverage of the preferred stock or of losing our ratings on the preferred stock or, in an extreme case, our current investment income might not be sufficient to meet the
dividend requirements on the preferred stock. In order to counteract such an event, we might need to liquidate investments in order to fund a redemption of some or all of the preferred stock. In addition, we would pay (and the holders of common
stock would bear) all costs and expenses relating to the issuance and ongoing maintenance of the preferred stock, including higher advisory fees if our total return exceeds the dividend rate on the preferred stock. Holders of preferred stock may
have different interests than holders of common stock and may at times have disproportionate influence over our affairs. Holders of any
preferred stock we might issue would have the right to elect members of the board of directors and class voting rights on certain matters. 
 Holders of any preferred stock we might issue, voting separately as a single class, would have the right to elect two members of the board of directors at
all times and in the event dividends become two full years in arrears would have the right to elect a majority of the directors until such arrearage is completely eliminated. In addition, preferred stockholders have class voting rights on certain
matters, including changes in fundamental investment restrictions and conversion to open-end status, and accordingly can veto any such changes. Restrictions imposed on the declarations and payment of dividends or other distributions to the holders
of our common stock and preferred stock, both by the 1940 Act and by requirements imposed by rating agencies or the terms of our credit facilities, might impair our ability to maintain our qualification as a RIC for federal income tax purposes.
While we would intend to redeem our preferred stock to the extent necessary to enable us to distribute our income as required to maintain our qualification as a RIC, there can be no assurance that such actions could be effected in time to meet the
tax requirements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATING TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk and is highly speculative. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and
volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive, therefore, an investment in our securities may not be suitable for someone with a low risk tolerance. 
 There is a risk that investors in our equity securities may not receive dividends or that our dividends may not grow over time and that investors in
our debt securities may not receive all of the interest income to which they are entitled. We intend to make distributions on a quarterly
basis to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash
distributions. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a business development company, we may in the future be limited in our ability to make distributions. Also, our revolving credit facility may limit our ability to declare
dividends if we default under certain provisions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of the tax benefits available to us as a RIC. In addition, in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind interest, which represents contractual interest added
to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the
requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income in cash to obtain tax benefits as a RIC. If we do not
distribute at least 98 of our annual taxable income (excluding net long-term capital gains retained or deemed to be distributed) in the year earned, we generally will be required to pay a non-deductible excise tax on amounts carried over and
distributed to stockholders in the next year equal to 4 of the amount by which 98 of our annual taxable income available for distribution exceeds the distributions from such income for the current year. 
 Finally, if more stockholders opt to receive cash dividends rather than participate in our dividend reinvestment plan, we may be forced to liquidate some
of our investments and raise cash in order to make cash dividend payments. Our shares may trade at discounts from net asset value or at
premiums that are unsustainable over the long term. Shares of business development companies may trade at a market price that is less than
the net asset value that is attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value or at a premium that is unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk
that our net asset value will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether shares will trade at, above, or below net asset value. 
 Investigations and Reviews of Affiliate Use of Placement Agents Could Harm Our Reputation; Depress Our Stock Price or Have Other Negative
Consequences. While AIC has not, to date, raised any funds through the use of placement agents (other than through the ordinary course
engagement of underwriters, from time to time, in connection with the public offering of AIC s securities), affiliates of AIM sometimes use placement agents to assist in marketing certain of the investment funds that they manage. Various state
attorneys general and regulatory agencies have initiated industry-wide investigations into the use of placement agents in connection with the solicitation of investments, particularly 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

with respect to investments by public pension funds. Certain affiliates of AGM have received subpoenas and other requests for information from various government regulatory agencies
and investors in AGM s funds, seeking information regarding the use of placement agents. California Public Employees Retirement System CalPERS ), one of AGM s strategic investors, announced on October 14, 2009,
that it had initiated a special review of placement agents and related issues. AGM is cooperating with all such investigations and other reviews. In addition, on May 6, 2010, the California Attorney General filed
a civil complaint against Alfred Villalobos and his company, Arvco Capital Research, LLC (a placement agent that AGM has used), and Federico Buenrostro Jr., the former CEO of CalPERS, alleging conduct in violation
of certain California laws in connection with CalPERS purchase of securities in various funds managed by AGM and another asset manager. No AGM entity is a party to the civil lawsuit, and the lawsuit does not allege any
misconduct on the part of AIC, AIM or AGM. AGM has informed us that it believes it has handled its use of placement agents in an appropriate manner. AGM has received requests for information in connection with certain of these
investigations and is cooperating with such requests. Any unanticipated developments from these or future investigations or changes in industry practice may adversely affect AGM s business (including with respect to AIM) or indirectly thereby,
AIC s business. Even if these investigations or changes in industry practice do not directly or indirectly affect AGM s or AIC s respective businesses, adverse publicity could harm our reputation and may cause us to lose existing
investors, fail to gain new investors, depress our stock price or have other negative consequences. The market price of our securities may
fluctuate significantly. The market price and liquidity of the market for our securities may be significantly affected by numerous
factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: 

volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of business development companies or other companies in our sector, which are not
necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 

changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or business development companies; 

loss of RIC status; 

changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 

changes in the value of our portfolio of investments; 

any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts;

departure of AIM s key personnel; 

operating performance of companies comparable to us; 

general economic trends and other external factors; and 

loss of a major funding source. 
 We may be unable to invest the net proceeds raised from offerings on acceptable terms, which would harm our financial condition and operating results.
 Until we identify new investment opportunities, we intend to either invest the net proceeds of future offerings in interest-bearing
deposits or other short-term instruments or use the net proceeds from such offerings to reduce then-outstanding obligations under our credit facility. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find enough appropriate investments that meet our
investment criteria or that any investment we complete using the proceeds from an offering will produce a sufficient return. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of substantial amounts of our securities may have an adverse effect on the market price of our
securities. Sales of substantial amounts of our securities, or the availability of such securities for sale, could adversely affect the
prevailing market prices for our securities. If this occurs and continues, it could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of securities should we desire to do so. 
 Stockholders may experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they do not participate in our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 All dividends declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan are generally automatically reinvested in
shares of our common stock. As a result, stockholders that do not participate in the dividend reinvestment plan may experience dilution over time. Stockholders who do not elect to receive dividends in shares of common stock may experience accretion
to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who
participate in the plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the dividend payable to a stockholder. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. Item 2.
Properties As of March 31, 2010, we do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important
to our operation. Our administrative and principal executive offices are located at 730 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10019 and 9 West
57 th Street, New York, NY 10019, respectively. We believe
that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 As of March 31, 2010, we were not subject to any material pending legal proceedings. 
 As previously disclosed on April 13, 2010, by InnKeepers USA Trust InnKeepers ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, InnKeepers
has not made certain scheduled monthly interest payments on certain of its debt obligations, and has retained financial and legal advisors to assist it in an evaluation of financial alternatives, including a potential restructuring of its balance
sheet. On May 21, 2010, the special servicer with respect to certain of InnKeepers indebtedness, Midland Loan Services, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company in New York Supreme Court, New York County. The Complaint alleges that
InnKeepers has failed to timely complete certain property improvements guaranteed by the Company and asserts a single claim for specific performance of the guaranty. The Company intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit, to which it believes it has
meritorious defenses. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol AINV. The following table lists the high and low closing sale
price for our common stock, the closing sale price as a percentage of net asset value, or NAV and quarterly dividends per share since shares of our common stock began being regularly quoted on NASDAQ. 

NAV(1) 
 
 Closing Sales Price 
 
 Premium or Discount of High Sales Price to NAV(2) 

Premium or Discount of Low Sales Price to NAV(2) 

Declared Dividends 

High 
 
 Low 

Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2010 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

10.06 

12.73 

9.82 
 
 127 

98 

0.28 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

10.40 

10.12 

8.81 
 
 97 

85 

0.28 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

10.29 

10.31 

5.18 
 
 100 

50 

0.28 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

10.15 

7.02 

3.97 
 
 69 

39 

0.26 

Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2009 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

9.82 

9.76 

2.05 
 
 99 

21 

0.26 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

9.87 

15.85 

6.08 
 
 161 

62 

0.52 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

13.73 

17.99 

13.11 
 
 131 

95 

0.52 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

15.93 

18.59 

14.33 
 
 117 

90 

0.52 

(1) 
 NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The
NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 

(2) 
 Calculated as of the respective high or low closing sales price divided by the quarter end NAV. 
 While our common stock has from time to time traded in excess of our net asset value, there can be no assurance, however, that it will trade at such a
premium (to net asset value) in the future. The last reported closing market price of our common stock on May 13, 2010 was 11.71 per share. As of May 13, 2010, we had 98 stockholders of record. 
 DIVIDENDS We intend to continue to
distribute quarterly dividends to our stockholders. Our quarterly dividends, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. We have
elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC status, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out
of the assets legally available for distribution. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains i.e. , net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of
the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. We maintain an
 opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a dividend, then stockholders cash dividends will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they
specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash dividends. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make dividends and distributions at a
specific level or to increase the amount of these dividends and distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make dividends and distributions due to the asset coverage test for borrowings when applicable to us as
a business development company under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in current and future credit facilities. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of
our RIC status. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any dividends and distributions or dividends and distributions at a particular level. 
 All dividends declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan are generally automatically reinvested in
shares of our common stock. As a result, stockholders that do not participate in the dividend reinvestment plan may experience dilution over time. Stockholders who do not elect to receive dividends in shares of common stock may experience accretion
to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who
participate in the plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the dividend payable to a stockholder. 
 The following table lists the quarterly dividends per share from our common stock for the past two fiscal years. 

Declared Dividends 
 
 Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2010 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

0.28 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

0.28 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

0.28 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

0.26 

Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2009 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

0.26 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 Recent Sale of Unregistered
Securities We did not engage in any sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 This graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and the Russell 2000 Financial
Services Index, for the period April 8, 2004 (inception of Apollo Investment Corporation) through March 31, 2010. The graph assumes that, on April 8, 2004, a person invested 100 in each of the following: our common stock, the S P
500 Index, and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid are invested in like securities. 

The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be
 soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the 1934 Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily
indicative of future stock price performance. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 The Statement of Operations, Per Share and Balance Sheet data for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, and 2006 are derived
from our financial statements which have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. This selected financial data should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes
thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this report. 

For the Year Ended
March 31, (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Operations Data: 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Total Investment Income 

340,238 

377,304 

357,878 

266,101 

152,827 

Net Expenses (including taxes) 

140,828 

170,973 

156,272 

140,783 

63,684 

Net Investment Income 

199,410 

206,331 

201,606 

125,318 

89,143 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) 

63,880 

(818,210) 

(235,044) 

186,848 

31,244 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

263,290 

(611,879) 

(33,438) 

312,166 

120,387 

Per Share Data: 

Net Asset Value 

10.06 

9.82 

15.83 

17.87 

15.15 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

1.65 

(4.39) 

(0.30) 

3.64 

1.90 

Distributions Declared 

1.10 

1.82 

2.07 

1.93 

1.63 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Total Assets 

3,465,116 

2,548,639 

3,724,324 

3,523,218 

2,511,074 

Borrowings Outstanding 

1,060,616 

1,057,601 

1,639,122 

492,312 

323,852 

Total Net Assets 

1,772,806 

1,396,138 

1,897,908 

1,849,748 

1,229,855 

Other Data: 

Total Return(1) 

313.0 

(73.9) 

(17.5) 

31.7 

12.9 

Number of Portfolio Companies at Period End 

67 

72 

71 

57 

46 

Total Portfolio Investments for the Period 

716,425 

434,995 

1,755,913 

1,446,730 

1,110,371 

Investment Sales and Prepayments for the Period 

451,687 

339,724 

714,225 

845,485 

452,325 

Weighted Average Yield on Debt Portfolio at Period End 

11.8 

11.7 

12.0 

13.1 

13.1 

(1) 
 Total return is based on the change in market price per share and takes into account dividends and distributions, if any, reinvested in accordance with Apollo
Investment s dividend reinvestment plan. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Some of the statements in this report constitute
forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained herein involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our expected financings and investments; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; and 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies. 
 We generally use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends and similar expressions to
identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including any factors set forth in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report.
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report, and we assume
no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any
additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including any annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 OVERVIEW Apollo Investment was
incorporated under the Maryland General Corporation Law in February 2004. We have elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As such, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest
at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities of private or thinly traded public U.S. companies, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or
less. In addition, for federal income tax purposes we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Pursuant to this election and assuming we qualify as a RIC, we generally do not have to
pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any income we distribute to our stockholders. Apollo Investment commenced operations on April 8, 2004 upon completion of its initial public offering that raised 870 million in net proceeds selling
62 million shares of its common stock at a price of 15.00 per share. Since then, and through March 31, 2010, we have raised approximately 1.7 billion in net proceeds from additional offerings of common stock. Subsequently, in April 2010,
the Company raised an additional 204 million from an offering of common stock, bringing the total net proceeds from additional offerings of common stock since inception to approximately 1.9 billion. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Investments 
 Our level of investment activity can and does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity
capital available to middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. As a business development company,
we must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying
assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Pursuant to rules adopted in 2006, the SEC expanded the definition of eligible portfolio company to include certain public companies that do not have any securities
listed on a national securities exchange. The SEC also adopted an additional rule under the 1940 Act to expand the definition of eligible portfolio company to include companies whose securities are listed on a national securities
exchange but whose market capitalization is less than 250 million. This rule became effective on July 21, 2008. 
 Revenue We
generate revenue primarily in the form of interest and dividend income from the securities we hold and capital gains, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Our debt investments, whether in the form of mezzanine
or senior secured loans, generally have a stated term of five to ten years and bear interest at a fixed rate or a floating rate usually determined on the basis of a benchmark: LIBOR, EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, or the prime rate. Interest on debt securities
is generally payable quarterly or semiannually and while U.S. subordinated debt and corporate notes typically accrue interest at fixed rates, some of our investments may include zero coupon and/or step-up bonds that accrue income on a constant yield
to call or maturity basis. In addition, some of our investments provide for PIK. Such amounts of accrued payment-in-kind PIK interest or dividends are added to the cost of the investment on the respective capitalization dates and
generally become due at maturity or upon being called by the issuer. We may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and, if applicable, consulting fees, etc.
 Expenses 
 All investment professionals of the investment adviser and their staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management
services to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of that personnel which is allocable to those services are provided and paid for by AIM. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those
relating to: 

investment advisory and management fees; 

expenses incurred by AIM payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring our financial and legal affairs and
in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; 

calculation of our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including independent registered public accounting and legal costs; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

offerings of our common stock and other securities; 

registration and listing fees; 

fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments;
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

marketing and distribution-related expenses; 

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing and postage costs; 

our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums;

organizational costs; and 

all other expenses incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business, such as our allocable portion of overhead under
the administration agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. 
 We expect our general and administrative operating expenses related to our ongoing operations to increase moderately in dollar terms. During periods of
asset growth, we generally expect our general and administrative operating expenses to decline as a percentage of our total assets and increase during periods of asset declines. Incentive fees, interest expense and costs relating to future offerings
of securities, among others, may also increase or reduce overall operating expenses based on portfolio performance, benchmarks LIBOR and EURIBOR, and offerings of our securities relative to comparative periods, among other factors. 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 During our fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, we invested 716 million across 5 new and 24 existing portfolio companies, primarily through
opportunistic secondary market purchases. This compares to investing 435 million in 12 new and 13 existing portfolio companies for the previous fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. Investments sold or prepaid during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2010 totaled 452 million versus 340 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. At March 31, 2010, our net
portfolio consisted of 67 portfolio companies and was invested 30 in senior secured loans, 59 in subordinated debt, 1 in preferred equity and 10 in common equity and warrants measured at fair value versus 72 portfolio companies invested 26 in
senior secured loans, 58 in subordinated debt, 5 in preferred equity and 11 in common equity and warrants at March 31, 2009. The
weighted average yields on our senior secured loan portfolio, subordinated debt portfolio and total debt portfolio as of March 31, 2010 at our current cost basis were 8.5 , 13.5 and 11.8 , respectively. At March 31, 2009, the yields were
8.2 , 13.2 , and 11.7 , respectively. Since the initial public offering of Apollo Investment in April 2004 and through March 31, 2010,
invested capital totaled 6.3 billion in 128 portfolio companies. Over the same period, Apollo Investment completed transactions with more than 85 different financial sponsors. 
 At March 31, 2010, 64 or 1.6 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio is fixed rate debt and 36 or 0.9 billion is floating rate debt,
measured at fair value. On a cost basis, 65 or 1.8 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio is fixed rate debt and 35 or 1.0 billion is floating rate debt. At March 31, 2009, 70 or 1.5 billion of our income-bearing investment
portfolio was fixed rate debt and 30 or 0.7 billion was floating rate debt. On a cost basis, 66 or 2.0 billion of our income-bearing investment portfolio is fixed rate debt and 34 or 1.0 billion is floating rate debt. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 As previously disclosed on April 13, 2010, by InnKeepers USA Trust InnKeepers ), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, InnKeepers has not made certain scheduled monthly interest payments on certain of its debt obligations, and has retained financial and legal advisors to assist it in an evaluation of financial alternatives,
including a potential restructuring of its balance sheet. On May 21, 2010, the special servicer with respect to certain of InnKeepers indebtedness, Midland Loan Services, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company in New York Supreme
Court, New York County. The Complaint alleges that InnKeepers has failed to timely complete certain property improvements guaranteed by the Company and asserts a single claim for specific performance of the guaranty. The Company intends to
vigorously defend the lawsuit, to which it believes it has meritorious defenses. Innkeepers financial distress has caused us to incur significant unrealized depreciation on our investment in Grand Prix Holdings LLC. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The
preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other
parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to the discussion below, our critical accounting policies are further described in the notes to the financial statements. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 
 Under procedures established by our board of directors, we value investments, including certain senior secured debt, subordinated debt, and other debt
securities with maturities greater than 60 days, for which market quotations are readily available, at such market quotations (unless they are deemed not to represent fair value). We attempt to obtain market quotations from at least two brokers or
dealers (if available, otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer or other independent pricing service). We utilize mid-market pricing as a practical expedient for fair value unless a different point within the range is more
representative. If and when market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, we typically utilize independent third party valuation firms to assist us in determining fair value. Accordingly, such investments go through our multi-step
valuation process as described below. In each case, our independent valuation firms consider observable market inputs together with significant unobservable inputs in arriving at their valuation recommendations for such Level 3 categorized assets.
Investments maturing in 60 days or less are valued at cost plus accreted discount, or minus amortized premium, which approximates fair value. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market quotations are not readily available are valued at
fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value,
our board of directors has approved a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: (1) our
quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of our investment adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; 
 (2) preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of our investment adviser;
 (3) independent valuation firms engaged by our board of directors conduct independent appraisals and review
our investment adviser s preliminary valuations and make their own independent assessment; (4) the audit
committee of the board of directors reviews the preliminary valuation of our investment adviser and that of the independent valuation firm and responds to the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firm to reflect any comments; and
 (5) the board of directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our
portfolio in good faith based on the input of our investment adviser, the respective independent valuation firm and the audit committee. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in all asset classes are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both
approaches, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques
to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the
types of factors that we may take into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and
multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the
portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, M A comparables, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values, among other factors. When readily available, broker
quotations and/or quotations provided by pricing services are considered in the valuation process of independent valuation firms. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, there has been no change to the Company s valuation techniques and
related inputs considered in the valuation process. In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance related to
Fair Value Measurements. This guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This guidance was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those years. We adopted this guidance for our first fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2008. 
 ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy: 
 Level 1 : Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by the Company at the measurement date.
 Level 2 : Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. Level 3 :
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement
in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
and considers factors specific to each investment. On October 10, 2008, revised guidance was issued which provides examples of how to
determine fair value in a market that is not active. It did not change the fair value measurement principles set forth in ASC 820. Furthermore, on April 9, 2009, the FASB issued additional revised guidance which provides information on
estimating fair value when the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased. It also includes guidance on identifying circumstances that indicate a transaction is not orderly. According to this guidance in the
above circumstances, more analysis and significant adjustments to transaction or quoted prices may be necessary to estimate fair value. In addition, it requires disclosure of any changes in valuation techniques and related inputs resulting from the
application. The total effect of the change in valuation techniques and related inputs must also be disclosed by major asset category. This revised guidance was effective for periods ending after June 15, 2009. The adoption did not have a
material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-06, Improving
Disclosure about Fair Value Measurements was released in January 2010 and is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2009. This update improves financial statement disclosure around transfers in and out of level 1 and 2 fair value
measurements, around valuation techniques and inputs and around other related disclosures. Transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the end of the reporting period. See certain additional disclosures in note 6 to our financial statements.
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company records interest and dividend income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis. Some of our loans
and other investments, including certain preferred equity investments may have contractual PIK interest or dividends. PIK represents contractual interest or dividends accrued and is added to the cost of the investment on the respective
capitalization dates and generally becomes due at maturity or upon being called by the issuer. Loan origination fees, original issue discount, and market discounts are capitalized and we amortize such amounts into income. Upon the prepayment of a
loan, any unamortized loan origination fees are recorded as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and other investments as interest income when we receive such amounts. Structuring fees are recorded as other income when earned.
 Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation 
 We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment,
without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment
values during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 
 Within the context of these critical accounting policies, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result
in materially different amounts being reported. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Results comparisons are for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, March 31, 2009 and March 31, 2008. 
 Investment Income For the fiscal years
ended March 31, 2010, March 31, 2009 and March 31, 2008, gross investment income totaled 340.2 million, 377.3 million and 357.9 million, respectively. The decrease in gross investment income from fiscal year 2009 to
fiscal year 2010 was primarily due to two factors: the reduction in the size of the income-producing portfolio as compared to the previous fiscal year and the reduction in average LIBOR of over 150 basis points year over year. The increase in gross
investment income from fiscal year 2008 to fiscal year 2009 was primarily due to changes in the composition of the portfolio as compared to the previous fiscal year. 
 Expenses Net operating expenses totaled
 139.6 million, 170.5 million and 154.4 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, March 31, 2009 and March 31, 2008, of which 103.9 million, 111.3 million and 90.3 million, respectively, were base
management fees and performance-based incentive fees and 24.5 million, 48.9 million and 55.8 million, respectively, were interest and other credit facility expenses. Of these net operating expenses, general and administrative expenses totaled
 11.2 million, 10.3 million and 8.3 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. Net expenses consist of base investment advisory and management fees, insurance expenses, administrative services fees, legal
fees, directors fees, audit and tax services expenses, and other general and administrative expenses. The decrease in net expenses from fiscal 2009 to 2010 was primarily related to the decrease in interest and other credit facility expenses
due to the reduction in average LIBOR in the year over year period coupled with the lower average outstanding balance on the credit facility during fiscal year 2010 as compared to fiscal year 2009. The increase in net expenses from fiscal 2008 to
2009 was primarily related to the increase in performance-based incentive expenses accrued during fiscal 2009 as compared to those accrued during fiscal 2008. In addition, excise tax expense totaled 1.2 million, 0.5 million, and 1.9 million for
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Net Investment Income 
 The Company s net investment income totaled 199.4 million, 206.3 million and 201.6 million, or 1.26, 1.48, and 1.82, on a per average share
basis, respectively, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 The Company had investment sales and prepayments totaling 452 million, 340 million and 714 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended
March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. Net realized losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 were 473.0 million. Net realized losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 were 83.7 million and the net realized gains were 54.3
million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008. Net realized losses incurred during fiscal year 2010 were primarily related to sales and restructurings of certain underperforming portfolio companies, various portfolio optimization measures,
and our liquidity management strategy during the financial crisis early in our fiscal year. Net realized losses incurred in fiscal 2009 were mainly derived from selective exits of underperforming investments. Net realized gains for fiscal 2008 were
mainly derived from exits from certain outperforming investments. Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments, Cash
Equivalents and Foreign Currencies For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, net change in unrealized appreciation on the
Company s investments, cash equivalents, foreign currencies and other assets and liabilities totaled 536.9 million. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, net change in unrealized depreciation on the Company s
investments, cash equivalents, foreign currencies and other assets and liabilities totaled 734.5 million and 289.3 million, respectively. Net unrealized appreciation for fiscal 2010 was primarily due to the recognition of realized losses which
reversed unrealized depreciation, net changes in specific portfolio company fundamentals, and improving capital market conditions. During fiscal 2009, a material increase in unrealized depreciation was recognized from significantly lower fair value
determinations on many of our investments. These lower fair values were driven primarily from the general market dislocation, the illiquid capital markets, and the then current market expectations for pricing increased credit risk and default
assumptions. For the fiscal 2008 period, unrealized depreciation generally stemmed from lower fair values on certain investments as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets From Operations 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, the Company had a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 263.3 million. For the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had a net decrease in net assets resulting from operations of 611.9 million and 33.4 million, respectively. For the year ended March 31, 2010, earnings per average share were 1.65. The
loss per average share was 4.39 and 0.30 for the years ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
 The Company s liquidity and capital resources are generated and generally available through periodic follow-on equity offerings, our
senior secured, multi-currency 1.56 billion revolving credit facility (see note 12 within the Notes to Financial Statements), investments in special purpose entities in which we hold and finance particular investments on a non-recourse basis, as
well as from cash flows from operations, investment sales of liquid assets and prepayments of senior and subordinated loans and income earned from investments. At March 31, 2010, the Company had 1.06 billion in borrowings outstanding and 498
million of unused capacity on its revolving credit facility. In the future, the Company may raise additional equity or debt capital off its shelf registration, among other considerations. The primary use of funds will be investments in portfolio
companies, reductions in debt outstanding and other general corporate purposes. On April 27, 2010, the Company closed on its most recent follow-on public equity offering of 17.25 million shares of common stock at 12.40 per share raising
approximately 204 million in net proceeds. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Equivalents 
 The Company deems certain U.S. Treasury bills, repurchase agreements and other high-quality, short-term debt securities as cash equivalents. (See note
2(o) within the accompanying financial statements.) At the end of each fiscal quarter, Apollo Investment considers taking proactive steps utilizing cash equivalents with the objective of enhancing the Company s investment flexibility during the
following quarter, pursuant to Section 55 of the 1940 Act. More specifically, Apollo Investment may purchase U.S. Treasury bills from time-to-time on the last business day of the quarter and typically closes out that position on the following
business day, settling the sale transaction on a net cash basis with the purchase, subsequent to quarter end. Apollo Investment may also utilize repurchase agreements or other balance sheet transactions, including drawing down on its revolving
credit facility, as it deems appropriate. The amount of these transactions or such drawn cash for this purpose is excluded from total assets for purposes of computing the asset base upon which the management fee is determined. There were 449.8
million of cash equivalents held at March 31, 2010. 

Payments due by Period as of March 31, 2010 (dollars 
in millions) 

Total 
 
 Less than 1 year 
 
 1-3 years 
 
 3-5 years 
 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility(1) 

1,061 

259 

802 

(1) 
 At March 31, 2010, 498 million remained unused under our senior secured revolving credit facility. 
 Information about our senior securities is shown in the following table as of each year ended March 31 since the Company commenced operations,
unless otherwise noted. The indicates information which the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

Class and Year 
 
 Total Amount Outstanding (dollars in thousands)(1) 
 
 Asset Coverage Per Unit(2) 
 
 Involuntary Liquidating Preference Per Unit(3) 
 
 Average Market Value Per Unit(4) 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 

Fiscal 2010 

1,060,616 

2,671 

N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2009 

1,057,601 

2,320 

N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2008 

1,639,122 

2,158 

N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2007 

492,312 

4,757 

N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2006 

323,852 

4,798 

N/A 
 
 Fiscal 2005 

0 

0 

N/A 

(1) 
 Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 

(2) 
 The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and
indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. 

(3) 
 The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it.

(4) 
 Not applicable, as senior securities are not registered for public trading. 
 Contractual Obligations We have entered
into two contracts under which we have future commitments: the investment advisory and management agreement, pursuant to which AIM has agreed to serve as our investment adviser, and the administration agreement, pursuant to which the Administrator
has agreed to furnish us with the facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations and provide on our behalf managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance.
Payments under the investment advisory and management agreement are equal to (1) a percentage of the value of our average gross 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

assets and (2) a two-part incentive fee. Payments under the administration agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in
performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including rent, technology systems, insurance and our allocable portion of the costs of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Either
party may terminate each of the investment advisory and management agreement and administration agreement without penalty upon not more than 60 days written notice to the other. Please see Note 3 within our financial statements for more
information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements (dollars in thousands) 
 The Company has the ability to issue standby letters of credit through its revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009,
the Company had issued through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. standby letters of credit totaling 3,708 and 3,508, respectively. AIC Credit
Opportunity Fund LLC (currencies in thousands) We own all of the common member interests in AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC AIC
Holdco ), which was formed for the purpose of holding various financed investments. Effective in June 2008, we invested 39,500 in a special purpose entity wholly owned by AIC Holdco, AIC (FDC) Holdings LLC Apollo FDC ), which was
used to purchase a Junior Profit-Participating Note due 2013 in principal amount of 39,500 (the Junior Note from Apollo I Trust (the Trust ). The Trust also issued a Senior Floating Rate Note due 2013 (the Senior
Note to an unaffiliated third party FDC Counterparty in principal amount of 39,500 paying interest at Libor plus 1.50 , increasing over time to Libor plus 2.0 . The Trust used the aggregate 79,000 proceeds to acquire 100,000
face value of a senior subordinated loan of First Data Corporation (the FDC Reference Obligation due 2016 and paying interest at 11.25 per year. The Junior Note generally entitles Apollo FDC to the net interest and other proceeds
due under the FDC Reference Obligation after payment of interest due under the Senior Notes, as described above. In addition, Apollo FDC is entitled to 100 of any realized appreciation in the FDC Reference Obligation and, since the Senior Note is a
non-recourse obligation, Apollo FDC is exposed up to the amount of equity used by AIC Holdco to fund the purchase of the Junior Note plus any additional margin Apollo decides to post, if any, during the term of the financing. 
 Through AIC Holdco, effective in June 2008, we invested 11,375 in a special purpose entity wholly owned by AIC Holdco, AIC (TXU) Holdings LLC Apollo TXU ), which acquired exposure to 50,000 notional amount of a Libor plus 3.5 senior secured delayed draw term loan of Texas Competitive Electric Holdings TXU due 2014 through a non-recourse total return swap with
an unaffiliated third party expiring on October 10, 2013 and pursuant to which Apollo TXU pays interest at Libor plus 1.5 and generally receives all proceeds due under the delayed draw term loan of TXU (the TXU Reference
Obligation ). Like Apollo FDC, Apollo TXU is entitled to 100 of any realized appreciation in the TXU Reference Obligation and, since the total return swap is a non-recourse obligation, Apollo TXU is exposed up to the amount of equity used by
AIC Holdco to fund the investment in the total return swap, plus any additional margin we decide to post, if any, during the term of the financing. 
 Through AIC Holdco, effective in September 2008, we invested 10,022 equivalent, in a special purpose entity wholly owned by AIC Holdco, AIC (Boots)
Holdings, LLC Apollo Boots ), which acquired 23,383 and 12,465 principal amount of senior term loans of AB Acquisitions Topco 2 Limited, a holding company for the Alliance Boots group of companies (the Boots Reference
Obligations ), out of the proceeds of our investment and a multicurrency 40,876 equivalent non-recourse loan to Apollo Boots (the Acquisition Loan by an unaffiliated third party that matures in September 2013 and pays interest at
LIBOR plus 1.25 or, in certain cases, the higher of the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 or the lender s prime-rate. The Boots Reference Obligations pay interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 3 per year and mature in June 2015. 
 We do not consolidate AIC Holdco or its wholly owned subsidiaries and accordingly only the value of our investment in AIC Holdco is included on our
statement of assets and liabilities. The Senior Note, total return swap and Acquisition Loan are non-recourse to AIC Holdco, its subsidiaries and us and have standard events of 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

default including failure to pay contractual amounts when due and failure by each of the underlying Apollo special purpose entities to provide additional credit support, sell assets or prepay a
portion of its obligations if the value of the FDC Reference Obligation, the TXU Reference Obligation or the Boots Reference Obligation, as applicable, declines below specified levels. We may unwind any of these transactions at any time without
penalty. From time to time Apollo Investment may provide additional capital to AIC Holdco for purposes of funding margin calls under one or more of the transactions described above among other reasons. During the fiscal year ended March 31,
2009, we provided 18,480 in additional capital to AIC Holdco. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, 9,336 of net capital was returned to us from AIC Holdco. 
 Dividends Dividends paid to
stockholders for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 totaled 181.4 million or 1.10 per share, 258.8 million or 1.82 per share, and 230.9 million or 2.07 per share, respectively. Tax characteristics of all dividends will
be reported to shareholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. Our quarterly dividends, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. 
 The following table summarizes our quarterly dividends paid to stockholders for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively:

Declared Dividends 
 
 Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2010 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

0.28 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

0.28 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

0.28 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

0.26 

Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2009 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

0.26 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 

Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2008 

Fourth Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 Third Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 Second Fiscal Quarter 

0.52 
 
 First Fiscal Quarter 

0.51 We have elected to be taxed as a RIC
under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC status, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally
available for distribution. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains i.e. , net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally
available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. We maintain an opt out 
dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a dividend, then stockholders cash dividends will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt
out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash dividends. We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow
us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a business development company, we may in the future be limited in our
ability to make distributions. Also, our revolving credit facility may limit our ability to declare dividends if we default under certain provisions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

consequences, including possible loss of the tax benefits available to us as a regulated investment company. In addition, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and tax
regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or
the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable
income to obtain tax benefits as a regulated investment company. With respect to the dividends to stockholders, income from origination,
structuring, closing, commitment and other upfront fees associated with investments in portfolio companies is treated as taxable income and accordingly, distributed to stockholders. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, many of the loans in our
portfolio had floating interest rates. These loans are usually based on floating LIBOR and typically have durations of one to six months after which they reset to current market interest rates. As the percentage of our U.S. mezzanine and other
subordinated loans increase as a percentage of our total investments, we expect that more of the loans in our portfolio will have fixed rates. At March 31, 2010, our floating-rate assets and floating-rate liabilities were closely matched. As
such, a change in interest rates would not have a material effect on our net investment income. However, we may hedge against interest rate fluctuations from time-to-time by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward
contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our
portfolio of investments. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, we did not engage in interest rate hedging activities. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 42 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 43 

Statement of Assets Liabilities as of March 31, 2010 and March 31,
2009 
 
 44 

Statement of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2010, March 31, 2009 and March 
31, 2008 
 
 45 

Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended March 31, 2010, March 
31, 2009 and March 31, 2008 
 
 46 

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2010, March 31, 2009 and March 
31, 2008 
 
 47 

Schedule of Investments as of March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009 
 
 48 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 66 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for
performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2010. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management
performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2010 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2010 based on the criteria on Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
March 31, 2010 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Apollo Investment Corporation: In our opinion,
the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities, including the schedules of investments, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apollo
Investment Corporation the Company at March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009, and the results of its operations, the changes in net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2010 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2010, based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing on
page 42 of the annual report to shareholders. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New
York, New York May 26, 2010 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

March 31, 2010 

March 31, 2009 

Assets 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments, at value (cost 2,782,880 and 3,082,364, respectively) 

2,677,893 

2,345,470 

Non-controlled/affiliated investments, at value (cost 102,135 and 0, respectively) 

83,136 

Controlled investments, at value (cost 357,590 and 342,115, respectively) 

92,551 

141,421 

Cash equivalents, at value (cost 449,852 and 0, respectively) 

449,828 

Cash 

7,040 

5,914 

Foreign currency (cost 30,705 and 694, respectively) 

30,717 

693 

Receivable for investments sold 

49,643 

Interest receivable 

43,139 

42,461 

Dividends receivable (see note 2) 

5,700 

7,302 

Miscellaneous income receivable 

788 

51 

Receivable from investment adviser 

611 

393 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

24,070 

4,934 

Total assets 

3,465,116 

2,548,639 

Liabilities 

Credit facility payable (see note 7 12) 

1,060,616 

1,057,601 

Payable for investments and cash equivalents purchased 

549,009 

27,555 

Dividends payable 

49,340 

36,978 

Management and performance-based incentive fees payable (see note 3) 

26,363 

25,314 

Interest payable 

2,132 

711 

Accrued administrative expenses 

1,722 

1,547 

Other liabilities and accrued expenses 

3,128 

2,795 

Total liabilities 

1,692,310 

1,152,501 

Net Assets 

Common stock, par value .001 per share, 400,000 and 400,000 common shares authorized, respectively, and 176,214 and 142,221
issued and outstanding, respectively 

176 

142 

Paid-in capital in excess of par (see note 2f) 

2,645,687 

2,352,205 

Undistributed net investment income (see note 2f) 

104,878 

96,174 

Accumulated net realized loss (see note 2f) 

(583,270) 

(120,811) 
 
 Net unrealized depreciation 

(394,665) 

(931,572) 

Total Net Assets 

1,772,806 

1,396,138 

Total liabilities and net assets 

3,465,116 

2,548,639 

Net Asset Value Per Share 

10.06 

9.82 

See notes to financial statements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended March 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

INVESTMENT INCOME: 

From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: 

Interest 

297,123 

340,664 

321,684 

Dividends 

11,450 

11,940 

14,551 

Other Income 

10,003 

5,326 

4,643 

From non-controlled/affiliated investments: 

Interest 

1,002 

From controlled investments: 

Dividends 

20,660 

19,374 

7,000 

Other Income 

10,000 

Total Investment Income 

340,238 

377,304 

357,878 

EXPENSES: 

Management fees (see note 3) 

54,069 

59,686 

59,871 

Performance-based incentive fees (see note 3) 

49,853 

51,583 

30,449 

Interest and other credit facility expenses 

24,480 

48,919 

55,772 

Administrative services expense 

4,725 

4,794 

3,450 

Insurance expense 

1,100 

948 

776 

Other general and administrative expenses 

5,383 

4,740 

4,360 

Total expenses 

139,610 

170,670 

154,678 

Expense offset arrangement (see note 8) 

(217) 

(273) 

Net expenses 

139,610 

170,453 

154,405 

Net investment income before excise taxes 

200,628 

206,851 

203,473 

Excise tax expense 

(1,218) 

(520) 

(1,867) 

Net investment income 

199,410 

206,331 

201,606 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND FOREIGN CURRENCIES: 

Net realized gain (loss): 

Investments and cash equivalents 

(467,275) 

(125,005) 

93,261 

Foreign currencies 

(5,752) 

41,265 

(38,961) 

Net realized gain (loss) 

(473,027) 

(83,740) 

54,300 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss): 

Investments and cash equivalents 

548,530 

(784,388) 

(257,645) 
 
 Foreign currencies 

(11,623) 

49,918 

(31,699) 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

536,907 

(734,470) 

(289,344) 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) from investments, cash equivalents and foreign currencies 

63,880 

(818,210) 

(235,044) 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

263,290 

(611,879) 

(33,438) 

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE (see note 5) 

1.65 

(4.39) 

(0.30) 

See notes to financial statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Year Ended March 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Increase (Decrease) in net assets from operations: 

Net investment income 

199,410 

206,331 

201,606 

Net realized gains (loss) 

(473,027) 

(83,740) 

54,300 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

536,907 

(734,470) 

(289,344) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

263,290 

(611,879) 

(33,438) 

Dividends and distributions to stockholders (see note 13): 

(181,356) 

(258,843) 

(230,889) 

Capital share transactions: 

Net proceeds from shares sold 

280,823 

369,589 

285,545 

Less offering costs 

(618) 

(637) 

(461) 
 
 Reinvestment of dividends 

14,529 

27,403 

Net increase in net assets from capital share transactions 

294,734 

368,952 

312,487 

Total increase (decrease) in net assets: 

376,668 

(501,770) 

48,160 

Net assets at beginning of period 

1,396,138 

1,897,908 

1,849,748 

Net assets at end of period 

1,772,806 

1,396,138 

1,897,908 

Capital share activity 

Shares sold 

32,200,000 

22,327,500 

14,950,000 

Shares issued from reinvestment of dividends 

1,792,583 

1,436,069 

Net increase from capital share activity 

33,992,583 

22,327,500 

16,386,069 

See notes to financial statements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended March 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

263,290 

(611,879) 

(33,438) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease): 

Purchase of investment securities (including net amortization of discount and capitalized PIK) (see note 2) 

(831,880) 

(503,267) 

(1,857,850) 
 
 Proceeds from disposition of investment securities and cash equivalents 

546,446 

340,168 

809,223 

Increase (decrease) from foreign currency transactions 

(5,731) 

41,265 

(38,961) 
 
 Decrease (increase) in interest and dividends receivable (see note 2) 

924 

19,904 

(27,463) 
 
 Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets 

2,645 

749 

(294) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in management and performance-based incentive fees payable 

1,049 

(1,655) 

(16,610) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in interest payable 

1,421 

(5,467) 

4,329 

Increase in accrued expenses 

508 

1,902 

1,224 

Increase (decrease) in payable for investments and cash equivalents purchased 

521,454 

(114,784) 

(992,292) 
 
 Decrease (increase) in receivables for securities sold 

(49,643) 

28,248 

Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments, cash equivalents, foreign currencies and other assets and
liabilities 

(536,907) 

734,470 

289,344 

Net realized loss (gain) on investments and cash equivalents 

473,027 

83,740 

(54,300) 

Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities 

386,603 

(14,854) 

(1,888,840) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

280,823 

369,589 

285,545 

Offering costs from the issuance of common stock 

(618) 

(637) 

(461) 
 
 Dividends paid in cash 

(154,465) 

(231,233) 

(194,118) 
 
 Borrowings under credit facility 

1,285,103 

1,739,502 

2,990,313 

Payments under credit facility 

(1,316,481) 

(2,270,751) 

(1,875,396) 

Net Cash Provided (Used) by Financing Activities 

94,362 

(393,530) 

1,205,883 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

480,965 

(408,384) 

(682,957) 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash balances 

13 

8 

(12) 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

6,607 

414,983 

1,097,952 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

487,585 

6,607 

414,983 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash interest paid during the period 

18,098 

51,859 

48,265 
 Non-cash financing activities consist
of the reinvestment of dividends totaling 14,529, 0 and 27,403, respectively. See notes to financial statements.
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 151.1 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 
 
 CORPORATE DEBT 137.2 

BANK DEBT/SENIOR SECURED LOANS(2) 44.2 

1st Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 1.2 

ATI Acquisition Company, 12/30/14 
 
 Education 

18,454 

17,743 

18,038 
 
 FoxCo Acquisition Sub LLC, 7/14/15 
 
 Broadcasting Entertainment 

3,905 

3,493 

3,788 

Total 1st Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 

21,236 

21,826 

2nd Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 43.0 

AB Acquisitions UK Topco 2 Limited (Alliance Boots), 7/9/16 
 
 Retail 

11,400 

19,983 

15,321 
 
 AB Acquisitions UK Topco 2 Limited (Alliance Boots), 7/9/16 
 
 Retail 

3,961 

5,499 

4,749 
 
 American Safety Razor Company, LLC, 1/30/14 
 
 Consumer Products 

1,000 

774 

625 
 
 Asurion Corporation, 7/3/15 
 
 Insurance 

148,300 

147,019 

147,605 
 
 BNY ConvergEx Group, LLC, 4/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

83,229 

80,722 

83,229 
 
 C.H.I. Overhead Doors, Inc., 13.00 , 10/22/11 
 
 Building Products 

15,000 

15,012 

15,000 
 
 Clean Earth, Inc., 13.00 , 8/1/14 
 
 Environmental 

25,000 

25,000 

24,875 
 
 Datatel, Inc., 12/9/16 
 
 Education 

20,000 

19,923 

20,350 
 
 Dresser, Inc., 5/4/15 
 
 Industrial 

62,938 

62,656 

60,289 
 
 Educate, Inc., 6/14/14 
 
 Education 

10,000 

10,000 

9,400 
 
 Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp., 12/22/11 
 
 Retail 

33,600 

32,880 

33,600 
 
 Generics International, Inc., 4/30/15 
 
 Healthcare 

20,000 

19,931 

20,000 
 
 Infor Enterprise Solutions Holdings, Inc., Tranche B-1, 3/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

5,000 

5,000 

3,925 
 
 Infor Enterprise Solutions Holdings, Inc., 3/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

15,000 

14,883 

12,581 
 
 Infor Global Solutions European Finance S. .R.L., 3/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

6,210 

8,263 

6,722 
 
 IPC Systems, Inc., 6/1/15 
 
 Telecommunications 

44,250 

41,165 

37,613 
 
 Kronos, Inc., 6/11/15 
 
 Electronics 

60,000 

60,000 

56,820 
 
 Ozburn-Hessey Holding Company LLC, 10/8/16 
 
 Logistics 

35,000 

35,000 

35,000 
 
 Ranpak Corp., 12/27/14(3) 
 
 Packaging 

43,550 

37,564 

43,165 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 151.1 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

2nd Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans (continued) 

Ranpak Corp., 12/27/14(4) 
 
 Packaging 

21,970 

27,074 

29,464 
 
 Sheridan Holdings, Inc., 6/15/15 
 
 Healthcare 

67,847 

66,948 

67,169 
 
 TransFirst Holdings, Inc., 6/15/15 
 
 Financial Services 

36,632 

35,687 

33,519 

Total 2nd Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 

770,983 

761,021 

TOTAL BANK DEBT/SENIOR SECURED LOANS 

792,219 

782,847 

Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 93.0 

AB Acquisitions UK Topco 2 Limited (Alliance Boots), GBP L+650, 7/9/17 
 
 Retail 

40,847 

79,172 

56,817 
 
 Advantage Sales Marketing, Inc., 12.00 , 3/29/14 
 
 Grocery 

32,535 

32,164 

32,860 
 
 Allied Security Holdings LLC, 13.75 , 8/21/15 
 
 Business Services 

20,000 

19,661 

20,500 
 
 Altegrity Inc., 11.75 , 5/1/16 
 
 Diversified Service 

14,639 

9,716 

13,644 
 
 Altegrity Inc., 10.50 , 11/1/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

13,475 

11,852 

12,693 
 
 Angelica Corporation, 15.00 , 2/4/14 
 
 Healthcare 

60,000 

60,000 

64,260 
 
 ATI Acquisition Company, L+1100, 12/30/15 
 
 Education 

38,500 

37,750 

38,115 
 
 BNY ConvergEx Group, LLC, 14.00 , 10/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

42,730 

35,913 

44,140 
 
 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., 13.00 , 7/31/16 
 
 Consulting Services 

23,435 

23,109 

24,197 
 
 Catalina Marketing Corporation, 11.625 , 10/1/17 
 
 Grocery 

42,175 

40,997 

45,549 
 
 Catalina Marketing Corporation, 10.50 , 10/1/15 
 
 Grocery 

5,000 

5,094 

5,300 
 
 Ceridian Corp., 13.00 , 11/15/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

53,250 

53,250 

52,185 
 
 Ceridian Corp., 11.25 , 11/15/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

36,000 

35,246 

34,740 
 
 Cidron Healthcare C S. .R.L. (Convatec) E+950, 8/1/17 
 
 Healthcare 

8,033 

12,547 

10,923 
 
 Delta Educational Systems, Inc., 14.20 , 5/12/13 
 
 Education 

19,517 

19,120 

19,713 
 
 Dura-Line Merger Sub, Inc., 14.00 , 9/22/14 
 
 Telecommunications 

42,363 

41,792 

42,787 
 
 European Directories (DH5) B.V., 15.735 , 7/1/16 
 
 Publishing 

3,452 

4,475 

European Directories (DH7) B.V., E+950, 7/1/15 
 
 Publishing 

17,454 

21,846 

5,810 
 
 First Data Corporation, 11.25 , 3/31/16 
 
 Financial Services 

40,000 

33,801 

33,500 
 
 First Data Corporation, 9.875 , 9/24/15 
 
 Financial Services 

45,500 

40,129 

39,244 
 
 FleetPride Corporation, 11.50 , 10/1/14 
 
 Transportation 

47,500 

47,500 

46,075 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 151.1 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes (continued) 

FoxCo Acquisition Sub LLC, 13.375 , 7/15/16 
 
 Broadcasting Entertainment 

25,250 

25,034 

25,250 
 
 FPC Holdings, Inc. (FleetPride Corporation), 14.00 , 6/30/15 

Transportation 

37,846 

37,429 

35,575 
 
 General Nutrition Centers, Inc., L+450, 3/15/14 
 
 Retail 

12,275 

12,149 

11,630 
 
 General Nutrition Centers, Inc., 10.75 , 3/15/15 
 
 Retail 

24,500 

24,906 

25,113 
 
 Goodman Global Inc., 13.50 , 2/15/16 
 
 Manufacturing 

25,000 

25,518 

28,000 
 
 Hub International Holdings, 10.25 , 6/15/15 
 
 Insurance 

33,732 

32,498 

32,214 
 
 Intelsat Bermuda Ltd., 11.25 , 2/4/17 
 
 Broadcasting Entertainment 

75,000 

77,335 

79,469 
 
 Laureate Education, Inc., 11.75 , 8/15/17 
 
 Education 

53,540 

51,133 

56,217 
 
 LVI Services, Inc., 17.25 , 11/16/12 
 
 Environmental 

51,061 

51,061 

15,000 
 
 MW Industries, Inc., 14.50 , 5/1/14 
 
 Manufacturing 

61,186 

60,375 

62,471 
 
 NCO Group Inc., 11.875 , 11/15/14 
 
 Consumer Finance 

22,630 

18,974 

21,758 
 
 N.E.W. Holdings I, LLC, L+750, 3/23/17 
 
 Consumer Services 

40,000 

40,000 

39,600 
 
 Nielsen Finance LLC, 0 / 12.50 , 8/1/16 
 
 Market Research 

61,000 

54,275 

58,255 
 
 Pacific Crane Maintenance Company, L.P., 15.00 , 2/15/14 
 
 Machinery 

50,172 

36,825 

1,505 
 
 PBM Holdings, Inc., 13.50 , 9/29/13 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 

17,723 

17,723 

18,210 
 
 Playpower Holdings Inc., 15.50 , 12/31/12 
 
 Leisure Equipment 

97,184 

97,184 

82,325 
 
 Ranpak Holdings, Inc., 15.00 , 12/27/15 
 
 Packaging 

67,643 

67,643 

68,557 
 
 RSA Holdings Corp. of Delaware (American Safety Razor), 13.50 , 1/30/15 
 
 Consumer Products 

57,351 

55,479 

6,882 
 
 Sorenson Communications, Inc., 10.50 , 2/1/15 
 
 Consumer Services 

32,500 

31,901 

31,444 
 
 SquareTwo Financial Corp. (Collect America, Ltd.), 11.625 , 4/1/17 

Consumer Finance 

55,000 

54,046 

54,046 
 
 The Servicemaster Company, 10.75 , 7/15/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

52,173 

49,286 

55,580 
 
 TL Acquisitions, Inc. (Cengage Learning), 13.25 , 7/15/15 
 
 Education 

72,500 

72,253 

70,748 
 
 TL Acquisitions, Inc. (Cengage Learning), 10.50 , 1/15/15 
 
 Education 

22,000 

20,681 

21,065 
 
 US Foodservice, 10.25 , 6/30/15 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 

81,543 

62,034 

84,498 
 
 Varietal Distribution, 10.75 , 6/30/17 
 
 Distribution 

22,204 

21,664 

20,983 

Total Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 

1,762,540 

1,649,447 

TOTAL CORPORATE DEBT 

2,554,759 

2,432,294 

See notes to financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 151.1 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 
 
 COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS 1.5 

Babson CLO Ltd., Series 2008-2A Class E, L+975, 7/15/18 
 
 Asset Management 

11,000 

10,097 

10,690 
 
 Babson CLO Ltd., Series 2008-1A Class E, L+550, 7/20/18 
 
 Asset Management 

10,366 

7,676 

8,420 
 
 Westbrook CLO Ltd., Series 2006-1A, L+370, 12/20/20 
 
 Asset Management 

11,000 

6,684 

6,756 

TOTAL COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS 

24,457 

25,866 

Shares 

PREFERRED EQUITY 1.6 

AHC Mezzanine LLC (Advanstar) 
 
 Media 

1 

1,063 

298 
 
 CA Holding, Inc. (Collect America, Ltd.) Series A 
 
 Consumer Finance 

7,961 

788 

1,592 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), 13.50 , 5/12/14 
 
 Education 

12,360 

19,286 

19,443 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), 12.50 (Convertible) 
 
 Education 

332,500 

5,364 

5,360 
 
 Varietal Distribution Holdings, LLC, 8.00 
 
 Distribution 

3,097 

3,852 

1,907 

TOTAL PREFERRED EQUITY 

30,353 

28,600 

EQUITY 10.8 

Common Equity/Interests 10.4 

AB Capital Holdings LLC (Allied Security) 
 
 Business Services 

2,000,000 

2,000 

2,628 
 
 A-D Conduit Holdings, LLC (Duraline) 
 
 Telecommunications 

2,778 

2,778 

4,381 
 
 CA Holding, Inc. (Collect America, Ltd.) Series A 
 
 Consumer Finance 

25,000 

2,500 

1,771 
 
 CA Holding, Inc. (Collect America, Ltd.) Series AA 
 
 Consumer Finance 

4,294 

429 

859 
 
 Clothesline Holdings, Inc. (Angelica) 
 
 Healthcare 

6,000 

6,000 

8,901 
 
 Explorer Coinvest LLC (Booz Allen) 
 
 Consulting Services 

430 

4,300 

8,849 
 
 FSC Holdings Inc. (Hanley Wood LLC) 
 
 Media 

10,000 

10,000 

167 
 
 Garden Fresh Restaurant Holding, LLC 
 
 Retail 

50,000 

5,000 

11,455 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.) 
 
 Education 

17,500 

175 

4,014 
 
 GS Prysmian Co-Invest L.P. (Prysmian Cables Systems)(5,6) 
 
 Industrial 

1 

385 
 
 LVI Acquisition Corp. (LVI Services, Inc.) 
 
 Environmental 

6,250 

2,500 

MEG Energy Corp.(7) 
 
 Oil Gas 

2,176,722 

55,006 

88,202 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands, except shares and warrants) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON- AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 151.1 
 
 Industry 
 
 Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

Common Equity/Interests (continued) 

New Omaha Holdings Co-Invest LP (First Data) 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 13,000,000 

65,000 

31,590 
 
 PCMC Holdings, LLC (Pacific Crane) 
 
 Machinery 
 
 50,000 

4,000 

Penton Business Media Holdings, LLC 
 
 Media 
 
 124 

4,950 

4,950 
 
 Pro Mach Co-Investment, LLC 
 
 Machinery 
 
 150,000 

1,500 

4,200 
 
 RC Coinvestment, LLC (Ranpak Corp.) 
 
 Packaging 
 
 50,000 

5,000 

5,088 
 
 Sorenson Communications Holdings, LLC Class A 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 454,828 

45 

6,080 
 
 Varietal Distribution Holdings, LLC Class A 
 
 Distribution 
 
 28,028 

28 

Total Common Equity/Interests 

171,211 

183,520 

Warrants 

Warrants 0.4 

CA Holding, Inc. (Collect America, Ltd.), Common 
 
 Consumer Finance 
 
 7,961 

8 

Fidji Luxco (BC) S.C.A., Common (FCI)(5) 
 
 Electronics 
 
 48,769 

491 

2,939 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), Common 
 
 Education 
 
 9,820 

98 

2,252 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), Class A-1 Preferred 
 
 Education 
 
 45,947 

460 

741 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), Class B-1 Preferred 
 
 Education 
 
 104,314 

1,043 

1,681 

Total Warrants 

2,100 

7,613 

TOTAL EQUITY 

173,311 

191,133 

Total Investments in Non-Controlled/ Non-Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

2,782,880 

2,677,893 

See notes to financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands, except shares and warrants) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 4.7 (8) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 
 
 CORPORATE DEBT 4.0 

BANK DEBT/SENIOR SECURED LOANS (2) 3.4 

1st Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 0.1 

Gray Wireline Service, Inc., 10/22/12 
 
 Oil Gas 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

2nd Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 3.3 

Gray Wireline Service, Inc., 14.00 , 10/22/12 
 
 Oil Gas 

77,554 

77,554 

59,251 

TOTAL BANK DEBT/SENIOR SECURED LOANS 

78,554 

60,251 

Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 0.6 

DSI Renal Inc., 17.00 , 4/7/14 
 
 Healthcare 

9,860 

9,860 

10,057 

TOTAL CORPORATE DEBT 

88,414 

70,308 

Shares 

EQUITY 0.7 

Common Equity/Interests 0.6 

CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. (DSI Renal Inc.) 
 
 Healthcare 

9,303 

9,300 

10,206 
 
 Gray Energy Services, LLC Class H (Gray Wireline) 
 
 Oil Gas 

1,081 

2,000 

Total Common Equity/Interests 

11,300 

10,206 

Warrants 

Warrants 0.1 

CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. Series A (DSI Renal Inc.) 
 
 Healthcare 

2,031 

773 

854 
 
 CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. Series B (DSI Renal Inc.) 
 
 Healthcare 

2,031 

645 

693 
 
 CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. (DSI Renal Inc.) 
 
 Healthcare 

6,093,750 

1,003 

1,075 
 
 Gray Holdco, Inc. 
 
 Oil Gas 

3,559 

Total Warrants 

2,421 

2,622 

TOTAL EQUITY 

13,721 

12,828 

Total Investments in Non-Controlled/Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

102,135 

83,136 

See notes to financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

INVESTMENTS IN CONTROLLED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 5.2 (9) 
 
 Industry 
 
 Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

Preferred Equity 0.3 

Grand Prix Holdings, LLC Series A, 12.00 (Innkeepers USA) 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns Gaming 

2,989,431 

101,346 

5,268 

EQUITY 

Common Equity/Interests 4.9 

AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC (10) 
 
 Asset Management 

70,041 

73,514 

Generation Brands Holdings, Inc. (Quality Home Brands) 
 
 Consumer Products 

750 

230 

Generation Brands Holdings, Inc. Series H (Quality Home Brands) 
 
 Consumer Products 

7,500 

2,297 

2,297 

Generation Brands Holdings, Inc. Series 2L (Quality Home Brands) 
 
 Consumer Products 

36,700 

11,242 

11,242 

Grand Prix Holdings, LLC (Innkeepers USA) 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns Gaming 

17,335,834 

172,664 

Total Common Equity/Interests 

256,244 

87,283 

TOTAL EQUITY 

256,244 

87,283 

Total Investments in Controlled Portfolio Companies 

357,590 

92,551 

Total Investments 161.0 (11) 

3,242,605 

2,853,580 

Par Amount 

CASH EQUIVALENTS 25.3 

U.S. Treasury Bill, 0.13 , 7/1/10 
 
 Government 

450,000 

449,852 

449,828 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 186.3 

3,692,457 

3,303,408 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (86.3 

(1,530,602) 

Net Assets 100.0 

1,772,806 

See notes to financial
statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands) 

(1) 
 Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company (see Note 2). 

(2) 
 Includes floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR (London Inter-bank Offered Rate), EURIBOR
(Euro Inter-bank Offered Rate), GBP LIBOR (London Inter-bank Offered Rate for British Pounds), or the prime rate. At March 31, 2010, the range of interest rates on floating rate bank debt was 4.59 to 10.50 . 

(3) 
 Position is held across five US Dollar-denominated tranches with varying yields. 

(4) 
 Position is held across three Euro-denominated tranches with varying yields. 

(5) 
 Denominated in Euro ). 

(6) 
 The Company is the sole Limited Partner in GS Prysmian Co-Invest L.P. 

(7) 
 Denominated in Canadian dollars. 

(8) 
 Denotes investments in which we are an Affiliated Person , as defined in the 1940 Act, due to owning, controlling, or holding the power to vote, 5 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 in these Affiliated investments are as follows: 

Name of Issuer 
 
 Fair Value at March 31, 2009 
 
 Gross Additions 
 
 Gross Reductions 
 
 Interest/Dividend Income 
 
 Fair Value at March 31, 2010 
 
 Gray Wireline Service, Inc. 1 st Out 

1,000 

5 

1,000 
 
 Gray Wireline Service, Inc. 2 nd Out 

77,554 

633 

59,251 
 
 DSI Renal, Inc., 17.00 

9,860 

364 

10,057 
 
 CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. Common Equity 

9,300 

10,206 
 
 Gray Energy Services, LLC Class H Common Equity 

3,590 

CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. Series A Warrant 

773 

854 
 
 CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. Series B Warrant 

645 

693 
 
 CDSI I Holding Company, Inc. Contingent Payment Agreement 

1,003 

1,075 
 
 Gray Holdco, Inc. Warrant 

3,590 

100,135 

1,002 

83,136 

(9) 
 Denotes investments in which we are deemed to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to
beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 in these Controlled investments are
as follows: 

Name of Issuer 
 
 Fair Value at March 31, 2009 
 
 Gross Additions 
 
 Gross Reductions 
 
 Interest/Dividend Income 
 
 Fair Value at March 31, 2010 
 
 Grand Prix Holdings, LLC Series A Preferred 

76,557 

11,272 

9,351 

5,268 
 
 AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC Common Equity (10) 

57,294 

11,854 

21,190 

11,309 

73,514 
 
 Generation Brands Holdings, Inc. Common Equity 

230 
 
 Generation Brands Holdings, Inc. Series H Common Equity 

2,297 

2,297 
 
 Generation Brands Holdings, Inc. Series 2L Common Equity 

11,242 

11,242 
 
 Grand Prix Holdings, LLC Common Equity 

7,570 

141,421 

36,665 

21,190 

20,660 

92,551 

See notes to financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2010 
 (in thousands) 
 The Company has a 99 , 100 , and 27 equity ownership interest in Grand Prix Holdings LLC, AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC, and Generation Brands
Holdings, Inc., respectively. 

(10) 
 See note 6. 

(11) 
 Aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for federal income tax purposes is 164,234; aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for federal income tax purposes is
 524,226. Net unrealized depreciation is 359,992 based on a tax cost of 3,663,400. 

These securities are exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933. These securities may be resold in transactions that are exempt from
registration, normally to qualified institutional buyers. 

Denominated in USD unless otherwise noted. 

Non-income producing security 

Non-accrual status (see note 2m) 

Denote securities where the Company owns multiple tranches of the same broad asset type but whose security characteristics differ. Such differences may include level of
subordination, call protection and pricing, differing interest rate characteristics, among other factors. Such factors are usually considered in the determination of fair values. 

Position reflects a contingent payment agreement. 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

Industry Classification 
 
 Percentage of Total Investments (at fair value) as of March 31, 2010 
 
 Education 
 
 10.1 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 6.8 
 
 Insurance 
 
 6.3 
 
 Business Services 
 
 6.1 
 
 Diversified Service 
 
 5.9 
 
 Retail 
 
 5.6 
 
 Oil Gas 
 
 5.2 
 
 Packaging 
 
 5.1 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 4.8 
 
 Broadcasting Entertainment 
 
 3.8 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 
 3.6 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 3.5 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 3.2 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 3.0 
 
 Grocery 
 
 2.9 
 
 Leisure Equipment 
 
 2.9 
 
 Transportation 
 
 2.9 
 
 Consumer Finance 
 
 2.8 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 2.7 
 
 Industrial 
 
 2.1 
 
 Electronics 
 
 2.1 
 
 Market Research 
 
 2.0 
 
 Environmental 
 
 1.4 
 
 Logistics 
 
 1.2 
 
 Consulting Services 
 
 1.2 
 
 Distribution 
 
 0.8 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 0.7 
 
 Building Products 
 
 0.5 
 
 Publishing 
 
 0.2 
 
 Machinery 
 
 0.2 
 
 Media 
 
 0.2 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns Gaming 
 
 0.2 

Total Investments 
 
 100.0 

See notes to financial statements. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON- AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 168.0 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 
 
 CORPORATE DEBT 148.5 

Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans(2) 47.0 

1 st Lien
 Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 0.1 

OTC Investors Corporation (Oriental Trading Company), 7/31/13 
 
 Direct Marketing 

2,226 

1,155 

1,124 

2nd Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 46.9 

AB Acquisitions UK Topco 2 Limited (Alliance Boots), 7/9/16 
 
 Retail 

11,400 

19,792 

11,961 
 
 AB Acquisitions UK Topco 2 Limited (Alliance Boots), 7/9/16 
 
 Retail 

3,961 

5,439 

3,850 
 
 Advanstar Communications, Inc., 11/30/14 
 
 Media 

20,000 

20,000 

6,680 
 
 Asurion Corporation, 7/3/15 
 
 Insurance 

150,300 

148,798 

122,795 
 
 BNY ConvergEx Group, LLC, 4/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

50,000 

49,818 

43,850 
 
 C.H.I. Overhead Doors, Inc., 13.00 , 10/22/11 
 
 Building Products 

15,000 

15,018 

11,250 
 
 Clean Earth, Inc., 13.00 , 8/1/14 
 
 Environmental 

25,000 

25,000 

22,750 
 
 Dresser, Inc., 5/4/15 
 
 Industrial 

61,000 

60,924 

47,266 
 
 Educate, Inc., 6/14/14 
 
 Education 

10,000 

10,000 

7,728 
 
 Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp., 12/22/11 
 
 Retail 

26,000 

25,861 

22,386 
 
 Generics International, Inc., 4/30/15 
 
 Healthcare 

20,000 

19,917 

16,343 
 
 Gray Wireline Service, Inc., 12.25 , 2/28/13 
 
 Oil Gas 

77,500 

76,966 

77,500 
 
 Infor Enterprise Solutions Holdings, Inc., Tranche B-1, 3/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

5,000 

5,000 

950 
 
 Infor Enterprise Solutions Holdings, Inc., 3/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

15,000 

14,859 

3,375 
 
 Infor Global Solutions European Finance S. .R.L., 3/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

6,210 

8,263 

1,484 
 
 IPC Systems, Inc., 6/1/15 
 
 Telecommunications 

37,250 

36,312 

19,544 
 
 Kronos, Inc., 6/11/15 
 
 Electronics 

60,000 

60,000 

44,460 
 
 Penton Media, Inc., 2/1/14 
 
 Media 

14,000 

10,650 

9,884 
 
 Quality Home Brands Holdings LLC, 6/20/13 
 
 Consumer Products 

40,256 

39,830 

30,252 
 
 Ranpak Corp., 12/27/14(3) 
 
 Packaging 

12,500 

12,500 

11,108 
 
 Ranpak Corp., 12/27/14(4) 
 
 Packaging 

5,206 

7,585 

6,098 
 
 Sheridan Holdings, Inc., 6/15/15 
 
 Healthcare 

60,000 

60,000 

49,860 
 
 Sorenson Communications, Inc., 2/18/14 
 
 Consumer Services 

62,103 

62,103 

54,443 
 
 TransFirst Holdings, Inc., 6/15/15 
 
 Financial Services 

34,750 

33,683 

28,669 

Total 2nd Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 

828,318 

654,486 

Total Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 

829,473 

655,610 

See notes to financial statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 168.0 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 101.5 

AB Acquisitions UK Topco 2 Limited (Alliance Boots), GBP L+650, 7/9/17 
 
 Retail 

39,526 

76,758 

39,942 
 
 Advanstar, Inc., L+700, 11/30/15 
 
 Media 

24,385 

24,385 

1,341 
 
 Advantage Sales Marketing, Inc., 12.00 , 3/29/14 
 
 Grocery 

31,884 

31,445 

29,536 
 
 Allied Security Holdings LLC, 13.75 , 8/21/15 
 
 Business Services 

20,000 

19,621 

17,500 
 
 AMH Holdings II, Inc. (Associated Materials), 13.625 , 12/1/14 
 
 Building Products 

52,155 

51,422 

14,655 
 
 Angelica Corporation, 15.00 , 2/4/14 
 
 Healthcare 

60,000 

60,000 

60,000 
 
 Arbonne Intermediate Holdco Inc. (Natural Products Group LLC), 13.50 , 6/19/14 
 
 Direct Marketing 

76,962 

76,803 

4,233 
 
 BNY ConvergEx Group, LLC, 14.00 , 10/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

15,611 

15,611 

13,879 
 
 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., 13.00 , 7/31/16 
 
 Consulting Services 

23,435 

23,073 

20,857 
 
 Brenntag Holding GmbH Co. KG, E+700, 12/23/15 
 
 Chemicals 

19,725 

24,412 

21,396 
 
 Catalina Marketing Corporation, 11.625 , 10/1/17 
 
 Grocery 

31,959 

30,327 

27,165 
 
 Ceridian Corp., 12.25 , 11/15/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

50,000 

50,000 

42,750 
 
 Ceridian Corp., 11.25 , 11/15/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

36,000 

35,140 

31,788 
 
 Cidron Healthcare C S. .R.L. (Convatec) E+950, 8/1/17 
 
 Healthcare 

7,668 

12,028 

8,603 
 
 Collect America, Ltd., 16.00 , 8/5/12 
 
 Consumer Finance 

38,136 

37,658 

36,647 
 
 Delta Educational Systems, Inc., 14.20 , 5/12/13 
 
 Education 

19,271 

18,777 

19,126 
 
 DSI Renal Inc., 16.00 , 4/7/14 
 
 Healthcare 

11,357 

11,357 

9,647 
 
 Dura-Line Merger Sub, Inc., 14.00 , 9/22/14 
 
 Telecommunications 

41,218 

40,561 

39,033 
 
 Eurofresh, Inc., 0 / 14.50 , 1/15/14 
 
 Agriculture 

26,504 

24,303 

199 
 
 Eurofresh, Inc., 11.50 , 1/15/13 
 
 Agriculture 

50,000 

50,000 

11,250 
 
 European Directories (DH5) B.V., 15.735 , 7/1/16 
 
 Publishing 

2,961 

3,777 

3,356 
 
 European Directories (DH7) B.V., E+950, 7/1/15 
 
 Publishing 

16,643 

20,695 

19,114 
 
 First Data Corporation, 11.25 , 3/31/16 
 
 Financial Services 

40,000 

33,203 

32,080 
 
 First Data Corporation, 9.875 , 9/24/15 
 
 Financial Services 

45,500 

39,489 

35,945 
 
 FleetPride Corporation, 11.50 , 10/1/14 
 
 Transportation 

47,500 

47,500 

40,375 
 
 Fox Acquisition Sub LLC, 13.375 , 7/15/16 
 
 Broadcasting Entertainment 

25,000 

24,785 

20,825 
 
 FPC Holdings, Inc. (FleetPride Corporation), 0 / 14.00 , 6/30/15

Transportation 

37,846 

36,826 

30,276 
 
 General Nutrition Centers, Inc., L+450, 3/15/14 
 
 Retail 

15,275 

15,070 

9,375 
 
 Goodman Global Inc., 13.50 , 2/15/16 
 
 Manufacturing 

25,000 

25,000 

24,025 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 168.0 
 
 Industry 
 
 Par Amount 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes (continued) 

Hub International Holdings, 10.25 , 6/15/15 
 
 Insurance 

25,000 

24,160 

19,666 
 
 Infor Lux Bond Company (Infor Global), L+800, 9/2/14 
 
 Business Services 

9,582 

9,582 

719 
 
 KAR Holdings, Inc., 10.00 , 5/1/15 
 
 Transportation 

48,225 

44,404 

27,488 
 
 Latham Manufacturing Corp., 20.00 , 12/30/12 
 
 Leisure Equipment 

37,920 

34,190 

15,168 
 
 Laureate Education, Inc., 11.75 , 8/15/17 
 
 Education 

53,540 

49,621 

46,794 
 
 LVI Services, Inc., 14.75 , 11/16/12 
 
 Environmental 

47,523 

47,523 

44,790 
 
 MW Industries, Inc., 13.00 , 5/1/14 
 
 Manufacturing 

60,000 

59,067 

56,220 
 
 NCO Group Inc., 11.875 , 11/15/14 
 
 Consumer Finance 

22,630 

18,487 

19,427 
 
 Neff Corp., 10.00 , 6/1/15 
 
 Rental Equipment 

5,000 

5,000 

725 
 
 Nielsen Finance LLC, 0 / 12.50 , 8/1/16 
 
 Market Research 

61,000 

47,500 

37,430 
 
 OTC Investors Corporation (Oriental Trading Company), 13.50 , 1/31/15 
 
 Direct Marketing 

27,861 

27,862 

9,752 
 
 Pacific Crane Maintenance Company, L.P., 13.00 , 2/15/14 
 
 Machinery 

34,170 

34,170 

22,210 
 
 PBM Holdings, Inc., 13.50 , 9/29/13 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 

17,723 

17,723 

16,128 
 
 Playpower Holdings Inc., 15.50 , 12/31/12 
 
 Leisure Equipment 

83,707 

83,707 

70,732 
 
 Pro Mach Merger Sub, Inc., 12.50 , 6/15/12 
 
 Machinery 

14,616 

14,464 

13,626 
 
 QHB Holdings LLC (Quality Home Brands), 14.50 , 12/20/13 
 
 Consumer Products 

50,938 

50,273 

36,293 
 
 Ranpak Holdings, Inc., 15.00 , 12/27/15 
 
 Packaging 

58,217 

58,217 

50,300 
 
 RSA Holdings Corp. of Delaware (American Safety Razor), 13.50 , 1/30/15 
 
 Consumer Products 

50,129 

50,130 

38,976 
 
 The Servicemaster Company, 10.75 , 7/15/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

67,173 

60,832 

54,343 
 
 TL Acquisitions, Inc. (Thomson Learning), 0 / 13.25 , 7/15/15

Education 

72,500 

69,587 

57,347 
 
 TL Acquisitions, Inc. (Thomson Learning), 10.50 , 1/15/15 
 
 Education 

47,500 

46,777 

40,185 
 
 TP Financing 2, Ltd. (Travelex), GBP L+725, 4/1/15 
 
 Financial Services 

13,505 

26,128 

12,499 
 
 US Foodservice, 10.25 , 6/30/15 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 

30,000 

23,812 

25,710 
 
 US Investigations Services, Inc., 11.75 , 5/1/16 
 
 Diversified Service 

14,639 

9,085 

11,901 
 
 US Investigations Services, Inc., 10.50 , 11/1/15 
 
 Diversified Service 

9,500 

7,991 

8,075 
 
 Varietal Distribution, 10.75 , 6/30/17 
 
 Distribution 

21,875 

21,288 

15,269 
 
 WDAC Intermediate Corp., E+600, 11/29/15 
 
 Publishing 

46,320 

62,591 

379 

Total Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 

1,964,197 

1,417,070 

TOTAL CORPORATE DEBT 

2,793,670 

2,072,680 

See notes to financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON- 
 AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 168.0 
 
 Industry 
 
 Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

PREFERRED EQUITY 4.0 

AHC Mezzanine LLC (Advanstar) 
 
 Media 

1 

1,063 

DSI Holding Company, Inc. (DSI Renal Inc.), 19.00 , 10/7/14 
 
 Healthcare 

32,500 

50,514 

33,051 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), 13.50 , 5/12/14 
 
 Education 

12,360 

16,599 

17,592 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), 12.50 (Convertible) 
 
 Education 

332,500 

4,743 

4,743 
 
 Varietal Distribution Holdings, LLC, 8.00 
 
 Distribution 

3,097 

3,558 

583 

TOTAL PREFERRED EQUITY 

76,477 

55,969 

Par Amount 

COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS 1.4 

Babson CLO Ltd., Series 2008-2A Class E, L+975, 7/15/18 
 
 Asset Management 

11,000 

9,993 

8,104 
 
 Babson CLO Ltd., Series 2008-1A Class E, L+550, 7/20/18 
 
 Asset Management 

10,150 

7,220 

5,485 
 
 Westbrook CLO Ltd., Series 2006-1A, L+370, 12/20/20 
 
 Asset Management 

11,000 

6,509 

5,389 

TOTAL COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS 

23,722 

18,978 

Shares 

EQUITY 14.1 

Common Equity/Interests 13.8 

AB Capital Holdings LLC (Allied Security) 
 
 Business Services 

2,000,000 

2,000 

2,000 
 
 A-D Conduit Holdings, LLC (Duraline) 
 
 Telecommunications 

2,778 

2,778 

3,760 
 
 AHC Mezzanine LLC (Advanstar) 
 
 Media 

10,000 

10,000 

CA Holding, Inc. (Collect America, Ltd.) Series A 
 
 Consumer Finance 

25,000 

2,500 

4,162 
 
 CA Holding, Inc. (Collect America, Ltd.) Series AA 
 
 Consumer Finance 

4,294 

429 

859 
 
 Clothesline Holdings, Inc. (Angelica) 
 
 Healthcare 

6,000 

6,000 

5,770 
 
 Explorer Coinvest LLC (Booz Allen) 
 
 Consulting Services 

430 

4,300 

7,376 
 
 FSC Holdings Inc. (Hanley Wood LLC) 
 
 Media 

10,000 

10,000 

3,520 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands, except shares and warrants) 

INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON- 
 AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 168.0 
 
 Industry 
 
 Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

Common Equity/Interests (continued) 

Garden Fresh Restaurant Holding, LLC 
 
 Retail 
 
 50,000 

5,000 

8,463 
 
 Gray Energy Services, LLC Class H (Gray Wireline) 
 
 Oil Gas 
 
 1,081 

2,000 

3,590 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.) 
 
 Education 
 
 17,500 

175 

GS Prysmian Co-Invest L.P. (Prysmian Cables Systems)(5,6) 
 
 Industrial 
 
 1 

43,264 
 
 Latham International, Inc. (fka Latham Acquisition Corp.) 
 
 Leisure Equipment 
 
 33,091 

3,309 

LVI Acquisition Corp. (LVI Services, Inc.) 
 
 Environmental 
 
 6,250 

2,500 

MEG Energy Corp.(7) 
 
 Oil Gas 
 
 1,718,388 

44,718 

43,706 
 
 New Omaha Holdings Co-Invest LP (First Data) 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 13,000,000 

65,000 

47,893 
 
 PCMC Holdings, LLC (Pacific Crane) 
 
 Machinery 
 
 40,000 

4,000 

847 
 
 Prism Business Media Holdings, LLC (Penton Media, Inc.) 
 
 Media 
 
 68 

14,947 

3,443 
 
 Pro Mach Co-Investment, LLC 
 
 Machinery 
 
 150,000 

1,500 

3,158 
 
 RC Coinvestment, LLC (Ranpak Corp.) 
 
 Packaging 
 
 50,000 

5,000 

5,535 
 
 Sorenson Communications Holdings, LLC Class A 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 454,828 

45 

5,943 
 
 Varietal Distribution Holdings, LLC Class A 
 
 Distribution 
 
 28,028 

28 

Total Common Equity/Interests 

186,229 

193,289 

Warrants 

Warrants 0.3 

DSI Holding Company, Inc. (DSI Renal Inc.), Common 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 5,011,327 

Fidji Luxco (BC) S.C.A., Common (FCI)(5) 
 
 Electronics 
 
 48,769 

491 

2,591 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), Common 
 
 Education 
 
 9,820 

98 

Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), Class A-1 Preferred 
 
 Education 
 
 45,947 

460 

655 
 
 Gryphon Colleges Corporation (Delta Educational Systems, Inc.), Class B-1 Preferred 
 
 Education 
 
 104,314 

1,043 

1,308 
 
 Latham International, Inc., Common 
 
 Leisure Equipment 
 
 347,698 

174 

Total Warrants 

2,266 

4,554 

TOTAL EQUITY 

188,495 

197,843 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONTROLLED/NON-AFFILIATED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 

3,082,364 

2,345,470 

See notes to financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

INVESTMENTS IN CONTROLLED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 10.1 
 
 Industry 
 
 Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value(1) 

PREFERRED EQUITY 5.5 

Grand Prix Holdings, LLC Series A, 12.00 (Innkeepers USA) 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns Gaming 
 
 2,989,431 

90,074 

76,557 

EQUITY 

Common Equity/Interests 4.6 

AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC(8) 
 
 Asset Management 

79,377 

57,294 

Grand Prix Holdings, LLC (Innkeepers USA) 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns Gaming 
 
 17,335,834 

172,664 

7,570 

Total Common Equity/Interests 

252,041 

64,864 

TOTAL EQUITY 

252,041 

64,864 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN CONTROLLED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 

342,115 

141,421 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS 178.1 (9) 

3,424,479 

2,486,891 

LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF OTHER ASSETS (78.1 

(1,090,753) 

NET ASSETS 100.0 

1,396,138 

See notes to financial
statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 March 31, 2009 
 (in thousands) 

(1) 
 Fair value is determined in good faith by or under the direction of the board of directors of the Company (see Note 2). 

(2) 
 Includes floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR (London Inter-bank Offered Rate), EURIBOR
(Euro Inter-bank Offered Rate), GBP LIBOR (London Inter-bank Offered Rate for British Pounds), or the prime rate. At March 31, 2009, the range of interest rates on floating rate bank debt was 4.92 to 9.16 . 

(3) 
 Position is held across five US Dollar-denominated tranches with varying yields. 

(4) 
 Position is held across three Euro-denominated tranches with varying yields. 

(5) 
 Denominated in Euro ). 

(6) 
 The Company is the sole Limited Partner in GS Prysmian Co-Invest L.P. 

(7) 
 Denominated in Canadian dollars. 

(8) 
 See Note 6. 

(9) 
 Aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for federal income tax purposes is 72,338; aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for federal income tax purposes is
 1,016,662. Net unrealized depreciation is 944,324 based on a tax cost of 3,431,215. 

These securities are exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933. These securities may be resold in transactions that are exempt from
registration, normally to qualified institutional buyers. 

Denominated in USD unless otherwise noted. 

Non-income producing security 

Non-accrual status (see note 2m) 

Denote securities where the Company owns multiple tranches of the same broad asset type but whose security characteristics differ. Such differences may include level of
subordination, call protection and pricing, differing interest rate characteristics, among other factors. Such factors are usually considered in the determination of fair values. 

With the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , the Company has reclassified the Schedule of
Investments dated March 31, 2009 to conform to the current period s presentation. 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

Industry Classification 
 
 Percentage of Total Investments (at fair value) as of March 31, 2009 
 
 Education 
 
 7.9 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 7.4 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 6.3 
 
 Diversified Service 
 
 6.0 
 
 Insurance 
 
 5.7 
 
 Oil Gas 
 
 5.0 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 4.2 
 
 Transportation 
 
 4.0 
 
 Retail 
 
 3.9 
 
 Industrial 
 
 3.6 
 
 Leisure Equipment 
 
 3.5 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns and Gaming 
 
 3.4 
 
 Business Services 
 
 3.4 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 3.2 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 3.1 
 
 Packaging 
 
 2.9 
 
 Environmental 
 
 2.7 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 2.5 
 
 Consumer Finance 
 
 2.5 
 
 Consumer Services 
 
 2.4 
 
 Grocery 
 
 2.3 
 
 Electronics 
 
 1.9 
 
 Beverage, Food, Tobacco 
 
 1.7 
 
 Machinery 
 
 1.6 
 
 Market Research 
 
 1.5 
 
 Consulting Services 
 
 1.1 
 
 Building Products 
 
 1.0 
 
 Media 
 
 1.0 
 
 Publishing 
 
 0.9 
 
 Chemicals 
 
 0.9 
 
 Broadcasting Entertainment 
 
 0.8 
 
 Distribution 
 
 0.6 
 
 Direct Marketing 
 
 0.6 
 
 Agriculture 
 
 0.5 
 
 Rental Equipment 
 
 0.0 

Total Investments 
 
 100.0 

See notes to financial statements. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 Note 1. Organization Apollo Investment
Corporation, a Maryland corporation organized on February 2, 2004, is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company
Act of 1940. In addition, for tax purposes we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC ), under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Our investment objective is to generate both current income and
capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine and senior secured loans, each of which may include an equity component, and, to a lesser extent, by making equity
investments in such companies. Apollo Investment commenced operations on April 8, 2004 receiving net proceeds of 870,000 from its
initial public offering selling 62 million shares of common stock at a price of 15.00 per share. Note 2. Significant Accounting
Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported
periods. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining these estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. 
 Financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X, as appropriate.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements have been included. In addition, certain amounts totaling 40,993 were reclassified on the
statements of assets and liabilities and of cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2009 to conform to the current period s presentation. 
 In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC and the Hierarchy of Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles, which has become the source of authoritative U.S. GAAP recognized by the FASB to be applied to nongovernmental entities. This supersedes non-SEC accounting and reporting standards and was effective for financial
statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This adoption by the Company changed the Company s references to U.S. GAAP accounting standards but did not impact the Company s results of operations
or financial position. The significant accounting policies consistently followed by Apollo Investment are: 
 (a) Security transactions are accounted for on the trade date; 
 (b) Under procedures established by our board of directors, we value investments, including certain senior secured debt,
subordinated debt and other debt securities with maturities greater than 60 days, for which market quotations are readily available, at such market quotations (unless they are deemed not to represent fair value). We attempt to obtain market
quotations from at least two brokers or dealers (if available, otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer or other independent pricing service). We utilize mid-market pricing as a practical expedient for fair value unless a
different point within the range is more representative. If and when market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, we typically utilize independent third party valuation firms to assist us in determining fair value. Investments maturing
in 60 days or less are valued at cost plus accreted discount, or minus amortized premium, which approximates fair value. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market quotations are not readily available are valued at fair value as
determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are
not readily available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, our board of directors has approved a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 (1) our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the
investment professionals of our investment adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; (2) preliminary
valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of our investment adviser; (3)
independent valuation firms engaged by our board of directors conduct independent appraisals and review our investment adviser s preliminary valuations and make their own independent assessment; 
 (4) the audit committee of the board of directors reviews the preliminary valuation of our investment adviser and that of
the independent valuation firm and responds to the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firm to reflect any comments; and 
 (5) the board of directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good
faith based on the input of our investment adviser, the respective independent valuation firm and the audit committee. 
 Investments in all asset classes are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. The
market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for
example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take
into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call
protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business,
comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, M A comparables, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values, among other factors. When readily available, broker quotations and/or quotations provided
by pricing services are considered in the valuation process of independent valuation firms. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, there has been no change to the Company s valuation techniques and related inputs considered in the
valuation process. In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance related to Fair Value
Measurements. This guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This guidance was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those years. We adopted this guidance for our first fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2008. 
 Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following
hierarchy: Level 1 : Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by the Company at
the measurement date. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 Level 2 : Quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3 : Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each
investment. On October 10, 2008, revised guidance was issued which provides examples of how to determine fair value in a
market that is not active. It did not change the fair value measurement principles set forth in ASC 820. Furthermore, on April 9, 2009, the FASB issued additional revised guidance which provides information on estimating fair value when the
volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased. It also includes guidance on identifying circumstances that indicate a transaction is not orderly. According to this guidance in the above circumstances, more
analysis and significant adjustments to transaction or quoted prices may be necessary to estimate fair value. In addition, it requires disclosure of any changes in valuation techniques and related inputs resulting from the application. The total
effect of the change in valuation techniques and related inputs must also be disclosed by major asset category. This revised guidance was effective for periods ending after June 15, 2009. The adoption did not have a material effect on the
Company s financial position or results of operations. Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-06, Improving Disclosure about Fair Value Measurements was released in January 2010 and is effective for periods beginning after December 15,
2009. This update improves financial statement disclosure around transfers in and out of level 1 and 2 fair value measurements, around valuation techniques and inputs and around other related disclosures. Transfers between levels, if any, are
recognized at the end of the reporting period. See certain additional disclosures in note 6. (c) Gains or
losses on investments are calculated by using the specific identification method. (d) The Company records
interest and dividend income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis. Some of our loans and other investments, including certain preferred equity investments may have contractual payment-in-kind PIK interest or dividends. PIK represents contractual interest or dividends accrued and is added to the cost of the investment on the respective capitalization dates and generally becomes due at maturity. Loan origination fees,
original issue discount, and market discounts are capitalized and we amortize such amounts into income. Upon the prepayment of a loan, any unamortized loan origination fees are recorded as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and
other investments as interest income when we receive such amounts. Structuring fees are recorded as other income when earned. 
 (e) The Company intends to comply with the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
pertaining to regulated investment companies to make distributions of taxable income sufficient to relieve it of substantially all Federal income taxes. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year
distributions and pay a 4 excise tax on this income. The Company will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income as required. 
 (f) Book and tax basis differences relating to stockholder dividends and distributions and other permanent book and tax
differences are reclassified among the Company s capital accounts. In addition, the character of income and gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with income tax regulations that may differ from accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America; accordingly, at March 31, 2010, 10,568 was reclassified on our statement of assets and liabilities between accumulated net 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 
realized gain (loss) and undistributed net investment income and 1,218 was reclassified on our statement of assets and liabilities between undistributed net investment income and paid-in capital
in excess of par. Total earnings and net asset value are not affected; (g) Dividends and distributions to
common stockholders are recorded as of the record date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the board of directors each quarter. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed or deemed distributed at least
annually. (h) In accordance with Regulation S-X and the AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide for Investment
Companies and ASC 810 Consolidation , the Company generally will not consolidate its interest in any company other than in investment company subsidiaries and controlled operating companies substantially all of whose business consists of
providing services to the Company. Consequently, the Company generally will not consolidate special purpose entities through which the special purpose entity acquires and holds investments subject to financing with third parties. At March 31,
2010, the Company did not have any such subsidiaries or controlled operating companies that were consolidated. See note 6. In addition and pursuant to ASC 860 Transfers and Servicing , the Company may in the future need to consolidate
certain special purpose entities involving transfers of our portfolio investments. (i) The accounting records
of the Company are maintained in U.S. dollars. All assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based on the rate of exchange of such currencies against U.S. dollars on the date of valuation. The Company
does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations are included with the net
realized and unrealized gain or loss from investments. The Company s investments in foreign securities may involve certain risks, including without limitation: foreign exchange restrictions, expropriation, taxation or other political, social or
economic risks, all of which could affect the market and/or credit risk of the investment. In addition, changes in the relationship of foreign currencies to the U.S. dollar can significantly affect the value of these investments and therefore the
earnings of the Company. (j) The Company may enter into forward exchange contracts in order to hedge against
foreign currency risk. These contracts are marked-to-market by recognizing the difference between the contract exchange rate and the current market rate as unrealized appreciation or depreciation. Realized gains or losses are recognized when
contracts are settled. (k) The Company records origination expenses related to its multi-currency revolving
credit facility as prepaid assets. These expenses are deferred and amortized using the straight-line method over the stated life of the facility. 
 (l) The Company records expenses related to shelf filings and other applicable offering costs as prepaid assets. These
expenses are charged as a reduction of capital upon utilization, in accordance with the AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide for Investment Companies. 
 (m) Loans and other investments, including certain preferred equity investments are generally placed on non-accrual status
when principal or interest/dividend payments are past due 30 days or more and/or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued, uncapitalized interest or dividends is generally reversed when an investment is
placed on non-accrual status. Interest or dividend payments received on non-accrual designated investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual
status when past due principal and interest or dividends are paid and/or in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. To the extent PIK interest or dividends are not expected to be realized, a reserve will be established as required
by the AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide for Investment Companies. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 (n) In May 2009, the FASB issued new guidance
which sets forth principles and requirements for subsequent events, specifically (1) the period during which management should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition and disclosure, (2) the circumstances
under which an entity should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date, and (3) the disclosures that an entity should make about events and transactions occurring after the balance sheet date. This guidance is
effective for interim reporting periods ending after June 15, 2009. In February 2010, the FASB amended its authoritative guidance related to subsequent events to alleviate potential conflicts with current United States Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC guidance. Effectively immediately, these amendments remove the requirement that an SEC filer disclose the date through which it has evaluated subsequent events. The Company has adopted this guidance which did not have a
material impact on its financial statements. See note 16. (o) The Company defines cash equivalents as
securities that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only securities with a maturity of three months
or less from the date of purchase would qualify, with limited exceptions. The Company deems certain U.S. Treasury bills, repurchase agreements and other high-quality, short-term debt securities would qualify as cash equivalents. 
 Note 3. Agreements Apollo Investment
has an Investment Advisory and Management Agreement with Apollo Investment Management, L.P. (the Investment Adviser or AIM ), under which the Investment Adviser, subject to the overall supervision of Apollo Investment s
board of directors, will manage the day-to-day operations of, and provide investment advisory services to, Apollo Investment. For providing these services, the Investment Adviser receives a fee from Apollo Investment, consisting of two
components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The base management fee is determined by taking the average value of Apollo Investment s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters calculated at an
annual rate of 2.00 . The incentive fee has two parts, as follows: one part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on Apollo Investment s pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For
this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence
and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies accrued during the calendar quarter, minus Apollo Investment s operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the
Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains computed net
of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of Apollo Investment s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter,
is compared to the rate of 1.75 per quarter (7 annualized). Our net investment income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our gross assets used to calculate the 2 base management fee. Apollo
Investment pays the Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to Apollo Investment s pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: (1) no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which Apollo
Investment s pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed 1.75 , which we commonly refer to as the performance threshold; (2) 100 of Apollo Investment s pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion
of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.75 but does not exceed 2.1875 in any calendar quarter; and (3) 20 of the amount of Apollo Investment s pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds
2.1875 in any calendar quarter. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 
These calculations are appropriately pro rated for any period of less than three months. The effect of the fee calculation described above is that if pre-incentive fee net investment income is
equal to or exceeds 2.1875 , the Investment Adviser will receive a fee of 20 of Apollo Investment s pre-incentive fee net investment income for the quarter. The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the
end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, as of the termination date) and will equal 20 of Apollo Investment s cumulative realized capital gains less cumulative realized capital losses,
unrealized capital depreciation (unrealized depreciation on a gross investment-by-investment basis at the end of each calendar year) and all capital gains upon which prior performance-based capital gains incentive fee payments were previously made
to the Investment Adviser. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Investment Adviser accrued 54,069, 59,686 and
 59,871, respectively, in base investment advisory and management fees and 49,853, 51,583 and 30,449, respectively, in performance-based incentive fees from Apollo Investment. 
 Apollo Investment has also entered into an Administration Agreement with Apollo Investment Administration, LLC (the Administrator under
which the Administrator provides administrative services for Apollo Investment. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, Apollo Investment reimburses the Administrator for Apollo Investment s allocable portion of overhead
and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and Apollo Investment s allocable portion of its chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their
respective staffs. The Administrator will also provide, on Apollo Investment s behalf, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which Apollo Investment is required to provide such assistance. 
 At the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Administrator was reimbursed 3,003, 3,247 and 3,162, respectively, from Apollo
Investment on the 4,725, 4,794 and 3,450, respectively, of expenses accrued under the Administration Agreement. On December 21, 2009,
Apollo Investment amended its Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated March 31, 2006 (the Facility ), among Apollo Investment, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan ), as administrative agent for the lenders. The amendment extended the maturity date of certain lenders commitments totaling 1,178,750 until April 12, 2013, with the pricing reset to 300 basis points over LIBOR.
Non-extended lenders whose commitments will expire on April 13, 2011 totaled 380,000. Pricing with respect to the non-extended commitments remains at 100 basis points over LIBOR. The Facility also permits Apollo Investment to seek additional
commitments from new and existing lenders in the future, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,000,000. The Facility is used to supplement Apollo s equity capital to make additional portfolio investments and for general corporate purposes.
From time to time, certain of the lenders provide customary commercial and investment banking services to Apollo Investment and its affiliates. JPMorgan also serves as custodian and fund accounting agent for Apollo Investment. 
 Note 4. Net Asset Value Per Share 
 At March 31, 2010, the Company s total net assets and net asset value per share were 1,772,806 and 10.06, respectively. This compares to total
net assets and net asset value per share at March 31, 2009 of 1,396,138 and 9.82, respectively. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 Note 5. Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 The following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share for the years ended March 31, 2010, 2009 and
2008, respectively: 

Year Ended March 31, 

2010 
 
 2009 

2008 

Numerator for increase (decrease) in net assets per share: 

263,290 

(611,879) 

(33,438) 
 
 Denominator for basic and diluted weighted average shares: 

159,368,701 

139,468,630 

112,049,771 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share: 

1.65 

(4.39) 

(0.30) Note 6. Investments
 AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC We own all of the common member interests in AIC Credit Opportunity Fund LLC AIC
Holdco ), which was formed for the purpose of holding various financed investments. Effective in June 2008, we invested 39,500 in a special purpose entity wholly owned by AIC Holdco, AIC (FDC) Holdings LLC Apollo FDC ), which was
used to purchase a Junior Profit-Participating Note due 2013 in principal amount of 39,500 (the Junior Note from Apollo I Trust (the Trust ). The Trust also issued a Senior Floating Rate Note due 2013 (the Senior
Note to an unaffiliated third party FDC Counterparty in principal amount of 39,500 paying interest at Libor plus 1.50 , increasing over time to Libor plus 2.0 . The Trust used the aggregate 79,000 proceeds to acquire 100,000
face value of a senior subordinated loan of First Data Corporation (the FDC Reference Obligation due 2016 and paying interest at 11.25 per year. The Junior Note generally entitles Apollo FDC to the net interest and other proceeds
due under the FDC Reference Obligation after payment of interest due under the Senior Notes, as described above. In addition, Apollo FDC is entitled to 100 of any realized appreciation in the FDC Reference Obligation and, since the Senior Note is a
non-recourse obligation, Apollo FDC is exposed up to the amount of equity used by AIC Holdco to fund the purchase of the Junior Note plus any additional margin Apollo decides to post, if any, during the term of the financing. 
 Through AIC Holdco, effective in June 2008, we invested 11,375 in a special purpose entity wholly owned by AIC Holdco, AIC (TXU) Holdings LLC Apollo TXU ), which acquired exposure to 50,000 notional amount of a Libor plus 3.5 senior secured delayed draw term loan of Texas Competitive Electric Holdings TXU due 2014 through a non-recourse total return swap with
an unaffiliated third party expiring on October 10, 2013 and pursuant to which Apollo TXU pays interest at Libor plus 1.5 and generally receives all proceeds due under the delayed draw term loan of TXU (the TXU Reference
Obligation ). Like Apollo FDC, Apollo TXU is entitled to 100 of any realized appreciation in the TXU Reference Obligation and, since the total return swap is a non-recourse obligation, Apollo TXU is exposed up to the amount of equity used by
AIC Holdco to fund the investment in the total return swap, plus any additional margin we decide to post, if any, during the term of the financing. 
 Through AIC Holdco, effective in September 2008, we invested 10,022 equivalent, in a special purpose entity wholly owned by AIC Holdco, AIC (Boots)
Holdings, LLC Apollo Boots ), which acquired 23,383 and 12,465 principal amount of senior term loans of AB Acquisitions Topco 2 Limited, a holding company for the Alliance Boots group of companies (the Boots Reference
Obligations ), out of the proceeds of our investment and a multicurrency 40,876 equivalent non-recourse loan to Apollo Boots (the Acquisition Loan by an unaffiliated third party that matures in September 2013 and pays interest at
LIBOR plus 1.25 or, in certain cases, the higher of the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 or the lender s prime-rate. The Boots Reference Obligations pay interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 3 per year and mature in June 2015. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 We do not consolidate AIC Holdco or its wholly owned subsidiaries and
accordingly only the value of our investment in AIC Holdco is included on our statement of assets and liabilities. The Senior Note, total return swap and Acquisition Loan are non-recourse to AIC Holdco, its subsidiaries and us and have standard
events of default including failure to pay contractual amounts when due and failure by each of the underlying Apollo special purpose entities to provide additional credit support, sell assets or prepay a portion of its obligations if the value of
the FDC Reference Obligation, the TXU Reference Obligation or the Boots Reference Obligation, as applicable, declines below specified levels. We may unwind any of these transactions at any time without penalty. From time to time Apollo Investment
may provide additional capital to AIC Holdco for purposes of funding margin calls under one or more of the transactions described above among other reasons. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009, we provided 18,480 in additional capital
to AIC Holdco. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, 9,336 of net capital was returned to us from AIC Holdco. Investments and
cash equivalents consisted of the following as of March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009. 

March 31, 2010 
 
 March 31, 2009 

Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 

870,773 

843,098 

829,473 

655,610 
 
 Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 

1,772,400 

1,659,504 

1,964,197 

1,417,070 
 
 Collateralized Loan Obligations 

24,457 

25,866 

23,722 

18,978 
 
 Preferred Equity 

131,699 

33,868 

166,551 

132,526 
 
 Common Equity/Interests 

438,755 

281,009 

438,270 

258,153 
 
 Warrants 

4,521 

10,235 

2,266 

4,554 
 
 Cash Equivalents 

449,852 

449,828 

Totals 

3,692,457 

3,303,408 

3,424,479 

2,486,891 

Pursuant to fair value measurement and disclosure guidance, the Company has reclassified the above investment categories as of March 31, 2009 to conform to the
current period s presentation. At March 31, 2010, our investments and cash equivalents were categorized as follows in
the fair value hierarchy for ASC 820 purposes: 

Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using: 
 
 Description 
 
 March 31, 2010 
 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for
Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 
 
 Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 

843,098 

843,098 
 
 Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 

1,659,504 

1,659,504 
 
 Collateralized Loan Obligations 

25,866 

25,866 
 
 Preferred Equity 

33,868 

33,868 
 
 Common Equity/Interests 

281,009 

281,009 
 
 Warrants 

10,235 

10,235 

Total Investments 

2,853,580 

2,853,580 
 
 Cash Equivalents 

449,828 

449,828 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 

3,308,408 

449,828 

2,853,580 

73 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 At March 31, 2009, our investments and cash equivalents were categorized
as follows in the fair value hierarchy for ASC 820 purposes: 

Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using: 
 
 Description 
 
 March 31, 2009 
 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for
Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 
 
 Corporate Debt 

2,072,680 

2,072,680 
 
 Equity 

262,707 

262,707 
 
 Preferred Equity 

132,526 

132,526 
 
 Collateralized Loan Obligations 

18,978 

18,978 

Total Investments 

2,486,891 

2,486,891 
 
 Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 

2,486,891 

2,486,891 

Pursuant to fair value measurement and disclosure guidance, the Company has reclassified the above investment categories as of March 31, 2009 to conform to the
current period s presentation. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 The following chart shows the components of change in our investments
categorized as Level 3, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010. 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Bank Debt / Senior Secured Loans 

Subordinated Debt/Corporate Notes 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

Preferred Equity 

Common Equity/Interests 

Warrants 

Total 

Beginning Balance, March 31, 2009 

655,610 

1,417,070 

18,978 

132,526 

258,153 

4,554 

2,486,891 

Total realized gains or losses included in earnings 

(52,891) 

(418,546) 

125 

(46,392) 

50,450 

26 

(467,228) 
 
 Total unrealized gains or losses included in earnings 

146,187 

434,223 

6,153 

(63,806) 

22,372 

3,426 

548,555 

Purchases, including capitalized PIK(1) 

271,974 

482,616 

1,490 

21,051 

52,296 

2,429 

831,856 

Sales 

(177,782) 

(255,859) 

(880) 

(9,511) 

(102,262) 

(200) 

(546,494) 
 
 Transfer in and/or out of Level 3(2) 

Ending Balance, March 31, 2010 

843,098 

1,659,504 

25,866 

33,868 

281,009 

10,235 

2,853,580 

The amount of total gains or losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized
gains or losses relating to our Level 3 assets still held at the reporting date and reported within the net change in unrealized gains or losses on investments in our Statement of Operations. 

115,007 

66,256 

6,153 

(81,270) 

(4,791) 

3,252 

104,607 

(1) 
 Includes amortization of approximately 2,239, 23,215, 394, 213, 0, 0 and 26,061, respectively. 

(2) 
 There were also no transfers into or out of Level 1 or Level 2 fair value measurements during the period shown. 

Pursuant to fair value measurement and disclosure guidance, the Company currently categories investments by class as shown above. 

With the adoption of fair value measurement and disclosure guidance, the Company has reclassified the beginning balance, March 31, 2009, to conform to the current
period s presentation. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 The following chart shows the components of change in our investments
categorized as Level 3, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 . 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Beginning Balance, March 31, 2008 

3,233,548 

Total realized gains or losses included in earnings 

(124,971) 
 
 Total unrealized gains or losses included in earnings 

(784,689) 
 
 Purchases, including capitalized PIK interest(1) 

503,137 

Sales 

(340,134) 
 
 Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 

Ending Balance, March 31, 2009 

2,486,891 

The amount of total gains or losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses
relating to our Level 3 assets still held at the reporting date and reported within the net change in unrealized gains or losses on investments in our Statement of Operations. 

(847,080) 

(1) 
 Includes amortization of approximately 31,359 

With the adoption of fair value measurement and disclosure guidance, the Company has reclassified the ending balance, March 31, 2009, to conform to the current
period s presentation. Note 7. Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations 
 At March 31, 2010, the Company had outstanding non-US borrowings on its multicurrency revolving credit facility denominated in euros, pounds
sterling, and Canadian dollars. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation on these outstanding borrowings is indicated in the table below: 

Foreign Currency 
 
 Local Currency 
 
 Original Borrowing Cost 
 
 Current Value 
 
 Reset Date 
 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

British Pound 

2,000 

3,565 

3,034 
 
 04/13/2010 

531 

Euro 

7,500 

11,131 

10,148 
 
 04/16/2010 

983 

Euro 

13,000 

18,591 

17,590 
 
 04/16/2010 

1,001 

Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 11,113 

10,505 

10,954 
 
 04/21/2010 

(449) 
 
 British Pound 

37,500 

59,395 

56,884 
 
 04/26/2010 

2,511 

Euro 

45,000 

58,921 

60,889 
 
 04/26/2010 

(1,968) 
 
 Euro 

11,500 

15,058 

15,561 
 
 04/29/2010 

(503) 
 
 British Pound 

13,000 

21,471 

19,720 
 
 04/29/2010 

1,751 

Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 29,700 

25,161 

29,274 
 
 05/25/2010 

(4,113) 
 
 Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 22,500 

19,189 

22,177 
 
 06/08/2010 

(2,988) 
 
 Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 15,000 

13,035 

14,785 
 
 06/29/2010 

(1,750) 
 
 Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 3,000 

2,318 

2,957 
 
 06/30/2010 

(639) 

258,340 

263,973 

(5,633) 

76 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 At March 31, 2009, the Company had outstanding non-US borrowings on its
multicurrency revolving credit facility denominated in euros, pounds sterling, and Canadian dollars. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation on these outstanding borrowings is indicated in the table below: 

Foreign Currency 
 
 Local Currency 
 
 Original Borrowing Cost 
 
 Current Value 
 
 Reset Date 
 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

British Pound 

2,000 

3,565 

2,867 
 
 4/06/2009 

698 

Euro 

7,500 

11,131 

9,958 
 
 4/06/2009 

1,173 

British Pound 

2,500 

4,957 

3,583 
 
 4/17/2009 

1,374 

Euro 

76,500 

95,910 

101,569 
 
 4/27/2009 

(5,659) 
 
 British Pound 

37,500 

59,395 

53,751 
 
 4/27/2009 

5,644 

Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 29,700 

25,161 

23,606 
 
 5/20/2009 

1,555 

Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 22,500 

19,189 

17,883 
 
 6/05/2009 

1,306 

Canadian Dollar 
 
 C 
 3,000 

2,318 

2,385 
 
 6/30/2009 

(67) 

221,626 

215,602 

6,024 

Note 8. Expense Offset Arrangement 
 The Company benefits from an expense offset arrangement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. custodian bank whereby the Company earns credits on
any uninvested US dollar cash balances held by the custodian bank. These credits are applied by the custodian bank as a reduction of the monthly custody fees charged to the Company. The total amount of credits earned during the years ended
March 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 are 0, 217, and 273, respectively. Note 9. Cash Equivalents 
 There were 449,828 and 0 of cash equivalents held at March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009, respectively. 
 Note 10. Repurchase Agreements The
Company may enter into repurchase agreements as part of its investment program. The Company s custodian takes possession of collateral pledged by the counterparty. The collateral is marked-to-market daily to ensure that the value, plus accrued
interest, is at least equal to the repurchase price. In the event of default of the obligor to repurchase, the Company has the right to liquidate the collateral and apply the proceeds in satisfaction of the obligation. Under certain circumstances,
in the event of default or bankruptcy by the counterparty to the agreement, realization and/or retention of the collateral or proceeds may be subject to legal proceedings. There were no repurchase agreements outstanding at March 31, 2010 or
March 31, 2009. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 Note 11. Financial Highlights 
 The following is a schedule of financial highlights for the years ended March 31, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, and 2006: 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Per Share Data: 

Net asset value, beginning of period 

9.82 

15.83 

17.87 

15.15 

14.27 

Net investment income 

1.26 

1.48 

1.82 

1.49 

1.41 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

0.45 

(5.74) 

(1.90) 

2.11 

0.49 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

1.71 

(4.26) 

(0.08) 

3.60 

1.90 

Dividends to stockholders(1) 

(1.14) 

(1.86) 

(2.06) 

(1.96) 

(1.62) 
 
 Effect of anti-dilution (dilution) 

(0.33) 

0.11 

0.10 

1.09 

0.61 

Offering costs 

(0.01) 

(0.01) 

Net asset value at end of period 

10.06 

9.82 

15.83 

17.87 

15.15 

Per share market value at end of period 

12.73 

3.48 

15.83 

21.40 

17.81 

Total return(2) 

313.0 

(73.90) 

(17.50) 

31.70 

12.94 

Shares outstanding at end of period 

176,213,918 

142,221,335 

119,893,835 

103,507,766 

81,191,954 

Ratio/Supplemental Data: 

Net assets at end of period (in millions) 

1,772.8 

1,396.1 

1,897.9 

1,849.7 

1,229.9 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

12.36 

10.71 

9.85 

9.09 

9.89 

Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets 

7.21 

6.35 

4.92 

7.73 

5.64 

Ratio of credit facility related expenses to average net assets 

1.52 

2.54 

2.73 

2.49 

1.44 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 

8.73 

8.89 

7.65 

10.22 

7.08 

Average debt outstanding 

1,041,084 

1,193,809 

882,775 

580,209 

325,639 

Average debt per share 

6.53 

8.56 

7.88 

6.76 

5.10 

Portfolio turnover ratio 

17.2 

11.2 

24.2 

43.8 

39.2 

(1) 
 Dividends and distributions are determined based on taxable income calculated in accordance with income tax regulations which may differ from amounts determined under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Per share amounts reflect total dividends paid divided by average shares for the respective periods. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

(2) 
 Total return is based on the change in market price per share during the respective periods. Total return also takes into account dividends and distributions, if any,
reinvested in accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. 

Represents less than one cent per average share. 

The ratio of operating expenses to average net assets and the ratio of total expenses to average net assets is 7.21 and 8.73 , respectively, at March 31, 2010,
inclusive of the expense offset arrangement (see Note 8). At March 31, 2009, the ratios were 6.33 and 8.87 , respectively. At March 31, 2008, the ratios were 4.91 and 7.64 , respectively. At March 31, 2007, the ratios were 7.72 and
10.21 , respectively. At March 31, 2006, the ratios were 5.63 and 7.07 , respectively. 

Average debt outstanding and per share are calculated from July 8, 2005 (the date of the Company s first borrowing from its revolving credit facility) through
March 31, 2006, and average debt per share is calculated as average debt outstanding divided by the average shares outstanding during the period (in 000 s). 
 Note 12. Credit Agreement and Borrowings 
 Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated March 31, 2006 (the Facility ), as amended on
December 21, 2009, certain lenders agreed to extend credit to Apollo Investment in an aggregate principal or face amount not exceeding 1,558,750 at any one time outstanding. The Facility also permits Apollo Investment to seek additional
commitments from new and existing lenders in the future, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,000,000. On December 21, 2009, Apollo Investment amended the Facility to extend the maturity date of certain lenders commitments totaling
 1,178,750 until April 12, 2013. The commitments of certain non-extended lenders totaling 380,000 will mature on April 13, 2011. The Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets in Apollo Investment s portfolio, including
cash and cash equivalents. Pricing with respect to the commitments of extended lenders is at 300 basis points over LIBOR while pricing with respect to the non-extended lenders remains at 100 basis points over LIBOR. The Facility contains affirmative
and restrictive covenants, including: (a) periodic financial reporting requirements, (b) maintaining minimum stockholders equity of the greater of (i) 40 of the total assets of Apollo Investment and its consolidated
subsidiaries as at the last day of any fiscal quarter and (ii) the sum of (A) 725,000 plus (B) 25 of the net proceeds from the sale of equity interests in Apollo Investment after the closing date of the Facility,
(c) maintaining a ratio of total assets, less total liabilities (other than indebtedness) to total indebtedness, in each case of Apollo Investment and its consolidated subsidiaries, of not less than 2.0:1.0, (d) maintaining minimum
liquidity, (e) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, including a requirement to meet a certain minimum liquidity threshold before Apollo Investment can incur such additional debt, (f) limitations on liens,
(g) limitations on investments (other than in the ordinary course of Apollo Investment s business), (h) limitations on mergers and disposition of assets (other than in the normal course of Apollo Investment s business
activities), (i) limitations on the creation or existence of agreements that permit liens on properties of Apollo Investment s consolidated subsidiaries and (j) limitations on the repurchase or redemption of certain unsecured debt and
debt securities. In addition to the asset coverage ratio described in clause (c) of the preceding sentence, borrowings under the Facility (and the incurrence of certain other permitted debt) are subject to compliance with a borrowing base that
applies different advance rates to different types of assets in Apollo Investment s portfolio. The Facility is used to supplement Apollo Investment s equity capital to make additional portfolio investments and for other general corporate
purposes. The average debt outstanding on the Facility was 1,041,084 and 1,193,809 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. The weighted average annual interest cost for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 was 1.87 , exclusive of 0.48 for commitment fees and for other prepaid expenses related to establishing the Facility. The weighted average annual
interest cost for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 was 3.89 , exclusive of 0.21 for commitment fees and for other prepaid expenses related to establishing the Facility. This 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 
weighted average annual interest cost reflects the average interest cost for all borrowings, including EURIBOR, CAD LIBOR, GBP LIBOR and USD LIBOR. The maximum amount borrowed during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2010 and 2009 was 1,163,167 and 1,685,285, respectively, at value. The remaining capacity under the Facility was 498,134 at March 31, 2010. At March 31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with all financial
covenants required by the Facility. Note 13(a). Income Tax Information and Distributions to Stockholders 
 The tax character of dividends for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 was as follows: 

Ordinary income 

181,356 

As of March 31, 2010, the components of
accumulated losses on a tax basis were as follows 1 :

Distributable ordinary income 

134,555 

Capital loss carryforward 

(258,513 2 

Other book/tax temporary differences 

(383,536) 
 
 Unrealized depreciation 

(365,563) 

Total accumulated losses 

(873,057) 

As of March 31, 2010, we had a post-October loss deferral of 334,196. 

1 
 Tax information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its 2010 tax return in December
2010. 

2 
 On March 31, 2010, the Company had net capital loss carryforwards of 59,182 and 199,331, which expire in 2017 and 2018, respectively. These amounts will be
available to offset like amounts of any future taxable gains. It is unlikely that capital gains distributions will be paid to shareholders of the Company until net gains have been realized in excess of such capital loss carryforward or the
carryforward expires. The tax character of dividends paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 was as follows:

Ordinary income 

258,843 

As of March 31, 2009, the components of accumulated losses on a
tax basis were as follows: 

Distributable ordinary income 

84,182 

Capital loss carryforward 

(59,182 1

Other book/tax temporary differences 

(44,466) 
 
 Unrealized depreciation 

(936,743) 

Total accumulated losses 

(956,209) 

As of March 31, 2009, we had a post-October currency loss deferral of 61,725. 

1 
 On March 31, 2009, the Company had a net capital loss carryforward of 59,182, which expires in 2017. This amount will be available to offset like amounts of any
future taxable gains. It is unlikely that capital gains distributions will be paid to shareholders of the Company until net gains have been realized in excess of such capital loss carryforward or the carryforward expires. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 Note 13(b). Other Tax Information 
 The percentage of ordinary income distributions paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 eligible for qualified dividend income treatment is
5.39 . The percentage of ordinary income distributions paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 eligible for the 70 dividends received deduction for corporate stockholders is 5.39 . 
 The percentage of ordinary income distributions paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 eligible for qualified dividend income treatment is
5.47 . The percentage of ordinary income distributions paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 eligible for the 70 dividends received deduction for corporate stockholders is 5.47 . 
 Note 14. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

Quarter Ended 
 
 Investment Income 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 Net Realized And Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Assets 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Net Assets From Operations 

Total 
 
 Per Share 
 
 Total 
 
 Per Share 
 
 Total 

Per Share 

Total 

Per Share 

March 31, 2010 
 
 87,657 
 
 0.50 
 
 48,532 
 
 0.28 
 
 (58,396) 
 
 (0.33) 
 
 (9,864) 
 
 (0.06) 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 
 85,617 
 
 0.51 
 
 50,158 
 
 0.30 
 
 29,365 

0.18 

79,523 

0.48 

September 30, 2009 
 
 84,403 
 
 0.55 
 
 51,391 
 
 0.34 
 
 57,766 

0.38 

109,157 

0.71 

June 30, 2009 
 
 82,561 
 
 0.58 
 
 49,330 
 
 0.35 
 
 35,144 

0.25 

84,474 

0.59 

March 31, 2009 
 
 85,274 
 
 0.60 
 
 50,740 
 
 0.36 
 
 (20,964) 
 
 (0.15) 
 
 29,776 

0.21 

December 31, 2008 
 
 97,525 
 
 0.69 
 
 52,787 
 
 0.37 
 
 (528,330) 
 
 (3.71) 
 
 (475,543) 
 
 (3.34) 
 
 September 30, 2008 
 
 103,547 
 
 0.73 
 
 56,491 
 
 0.40 
 
 (294,443) 
 
 (2.07) 
 
 (237,952) 
 
 (1.67) 
 
 June 30, 2008 
 
 90,959 
 
 0.69 
 
 46,313 
 
 0.35 
 
 25,527 

0.19 

71,840 

0.55 

March 31, 2008 
 
 90,009 
 
 0.75 
 
 43,725 
 
 0.37 
 
 (206,102) 
 
 (1.73) 
 
 (162,377) 
 
 (1.36) 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 92,854 
 
 0.78 
 
 41,500 
 
 0.35 
 
 (67,107) 
 
 (0.56) 
 
 (25,607) 
 
 (0.21) 
 
 September 30, 2007 
 
 86,069 
 
 0.81 
 
 61,623 
 
 0.58 
 
 (84,799) 
 
 (0.80) 
 
 (23,176) 
 
 (0.22) 
 
 June 30, 2007 
 
 88,946 
 
 0.86 
 
 54,758 
 
 0.53 
 
 122,964 

1.19 

177,722 

1.72 
 Note 15. Commitments
and Contingencies The Company has the ability to issue standby letters of credit through our revolving credit facility. As of
March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009, the Company had issued through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. standby letters of credit totaling 3,708 and 3,508, respectively. 
 Note 16. Subsequent Events As
previously disclosed on April 13, 2010, by InnKeepers USA Trust InnKeepers ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, InnKeepers has not made certain scheduled monthly interest payments on certain of its debt obligations, and has
retained financial and legal advisors to assist it in an evaluation of financial alternatives, including a potential restructuring of its balance sheet. On May 21, 2010, the special servicer with respect to certain of InnKeepers 
indebtedness, Midland Loan Services, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company in New York Supreme Court, New York County. The Complaint alleges that InnKeepers has failed to timely complete certain property improvements guaranteed by the Company
and asserts a single claim for specific performance of the guaranty. The Company intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit, to which it believes it has meritorious defenses. Innkeepers financial distress has caused us to incur significant
unrealized depreciation on our investment in Grand Prix Holdings LLC. On April 27, 2010, the Company closed on its most recent follow-on
public equity offering of 17.25 million shares of common stock at 12.40 per share raising approximately 204,300 in net proceeds. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of March 31, 2010 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, which appears on page 42 of this Form 10-K, is incorporated by reference
herein. (c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control
over financial reporting, which is set forth above under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Item 8. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has not identified any change in the Company s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of
2010 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 MANAGEMENT Our business and affairs are
managed under the direction of our board of directors. The board of directors currently consists of eight members, six of whom are not interested persons of Apollo Investment as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. We refer
to these individuals as our independent directors. Our board of directors elects our officers, who serve at the discretion of the board of directors. 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS Under our charter,
our directors are divided into three classes. Each class of directors holds office for a three year term. At each annual meeting of our stockholders, the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at such meeting will be elected to hold
office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. Each director holds office for the term to which he or she is elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and
qualifies. Directors 
 Information regarding the board of directors is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Expiration of Term 
 
 Interested Directors 

John J. Hannan 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 2004 
 
 2012 

James C. Zelter 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Director 
 
 2008 
 
 2012 

Independent Directors 

Ashok N. Bakhru 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 2008 
 
 2012 

Claudine B. Malone 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 2007 
 
 2011 

Frank C. Puleo 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 2008 
 
 2011 

Carl Spielvogel 
 
 81 
 
 Director 
 
 2004 
 
 2011 

Elliot Stein, Jr. 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 2004 
 
 2010 

Bradley J. Wechsler 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 2004 
 
 2010 The address for
each director is c/o Apollo Investment Corporation, 9 West
57 th Street, New York, NY 10019. 
 Executive officers who are not directors 
 Information regarding our executive officers who are not directors is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Patrick J. Dalton 
 
 41 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 

Richard L. Peteka 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

John J. Suydam 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 

Cindy Z. Michel 
 
 36 
 
 Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer 

Joseph D. Glatt 
 
 36 
 
 Vice President and Secretary The
address for each executive officer is c/o Apollo Investment Corporation, 9 West
57 th Street, New York, NY 10019. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Biographical information 
 Directors Our directors have been
divided into two groups independent directors and interested directors. Interested directors are interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Independent Directors Ashok N.
Bakhru (68) Director . Mr. Bakhru became a Director of Apollo Investment Corporation on October 16, 2008. Mr. Bakhru currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of the Goldman Sachs Group of Mutual Funds.
Mr. Bakhru served as the Chairman of GS Hedge Fund Partners Registered Fund LLC from 2004 to 2009 and Chairman of GS Hedge Fund Partners Registered Master Fund LLC from 2005 to 2009. Previously Mr. Bakhru was the Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Coty Inc. in New York City. Prior to that he served at Scott Paper Company in Philadelphia, where he held several senior management positions including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
roles. Mr. Bakhru also serves on the Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute, the Governing Council of the Independent Directors Council and the Advisory Board of BoardIQ, an investment publication. He has been actively involved
with Cornell University, having served on its Council and Administrative Board over the past several years. Claudine B. Malone
 (74) Director . Ms. Malone became a Director of Apollo Investment Corporation on April 17, 2007. Ms. Malone is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Financial Management Consulting Inc. of
McLean, Virginia. She also currently serves as a Director of Aviva Life Insurance Company (USA). Previously, Ms. Malone served as a Director of Novell, Inc. from 2003 to 2010, Hasbro, Inc. from 1992 to 2008, Lowe s Companies Inc. from 1995
to 2005 and Science Applications International Corporation from 1993 to 2006. Ms. Malone was Chairman of the Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond from 1996 to 1999. She served as a visiting professor at the Colgate-Darden Business
School of the University of Virginia from 1984 to 1987, an adjunct professor of the School of Business Administration at Georgetown University from 1982 to 1984 and an assistant and associate professor at the Harvard Graduate School of Business
Administration from 1972 to 1981. Frank C. Puleo (64) Director . Mr. Puleo became a Director of
Apollo Investment Corporation on February 4, 2008. Mr. Puleo currently serves as a Director of Commercial Industrial Finance Corp., a credit asset manager, Capital Markets Engineering Trading Holdings, LLC, a trade processing
software and financial engineering company, SLM Corp., a student loan company, and Syncora Capital Assurance, Inc., a monoline financial guaranty and insurance company. Previously Mr. Puleo was a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley 
McCloy LLP where he advised clients on structured finance transactions, bank and bank holding company regulatory and securities law matters. Mr. Puleo became a partner of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley McCloy LLP in 1978 and Co-Chair of the
firm s Global Finance Group in 1995 until retiring at the end of 2006. He was a member of the firm s Executive Committee from 1982 to 1991 and from 1996 to 2002. Mr. Puleo served as a Lecturer at Columbia University School of Law from
1997 to 2001. Carl Spielvogel (81) Director . Ambassador Spielvogel became a Director of Apollo
Investment Corporation in March 2004. Ambassador Spielvogel is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Carl Spielvogel Associates, Inc., an international management and counseling company, from 1997 to 2000, and from 2001 to present. From 2000-2001,
Amb. Spielvogel served as U.S. Ambassador to the Slovak Republic, based in Bratislava, Slovakia. He served as a Director of Interactive Data Corporation, Inc. from 1996 to 2009. From 1994 to 1997, Ambassador Spielvogel was Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the United Auto Group, Inc., one of the first publicly-owned auto dealership groups. Earlier, Ambassador Spielvogel was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide, a global marketing communications
company from 1985 to 1994. Ambassador Spielvogel is a Trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art; a member of the Board of Trustees and Chairman of the Business Council of the Asia Society; a member of the Board of Trustees of Lincoln Center for the
Performing Arts; a member of the Council on Foreign Relations; a member of the Executive Committee of the Council of American Ambassadors , and a Trustee and member of the Executive Committee of the State University of New York. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Elliot Stein, Jr. 61 Director. Mr. Stein became a Director of Apollo
Investment Corporation in March 2004. He currently serves as Lead Independent Director. He has served as Chairman of Caribbean International News Corporation since 1985. He is also a Managing Director of Commonwealth Capital Partners as well as a
board member of various private companies including Cloud Solutions LLC, Cohere Communications, RHM Global LLC and Assay Healthcare Solutions. Mr. Stein is a Trustee of Claremont Graduate University and the New School University. He is a member
of the Council on Foreign Relations. He formerly served as a Director of VTG Holdings, Bargain Shop Holdings, Inc. and various other private companies. 
 Bradley J. Wechsler 58 Director. Mr. Wechsler became a Director of Apollo Investment Corporation in April 2004.
Mr. Wechsler was the Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of IMAX Corporation from May, 1996 through April, 2009 and is currently Chairman. Previously Mr. Wechsler has had several executive positions in the entertainment industry and
finance industries. Mr. Wechsler is a Vice-Chairman of the board of the NYU Hospital and Medical Center, a member of the Executive Committee and chairs its Finance Committee. In addition, he sits on the boards of Assay Healthcare Solutions, the
Ethical Culture Fieldston Schools and Math for America. He is also a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Interested
directors John J. Hannan 57 Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Hannan became a Director of Apollo
Investment Corporation in March 2004 and was elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors in August 2006. He served as the Chief Executive Officer from February 2006 to November 2008. Mr. Hannan, a senior partner of Apollo Management, L.P.,
co-founded Apollo Management, L.P. in 1990. He formerly served as a director for Vail Resorts, Inc. and Goodman Global, Inc. James C.
Zelter 47 Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Zelter joined Apollo in 2006. He became the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Apollo Investment Corporation in November 2008. He is the Managing Partner of Apollo
Capital Management ACM ). The funds in the ACM platform include: Apollo Strategic Value Fund, Apollo Credit Opportunity Fund I and II, Apollo Asia Opportunity Fund and Apollo European Principal Finance Fund. ACM also includes Apollo
Investment Management, L.P. the investment manager to Apollo Investment Corporation. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Zelter was with Citigroup and its predecessor companies from 1994 to 2006. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Zelter was Chief Investment
Officer of Citigroup Alternative Investments, and prior to that he was responsible for the firm s Global High Yield franchise. 
 Executive officers who are not directors 
 Patrick J. Dalton (41) President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Dalton joined Apollo in June 2004 as a partner and a member of
Apollo Investment Management s Investment Committee. Mr. Dalton was appointed Chief Investment Officer of Apollo Investment Management in November 2006. He was also appointed Executive Vice President of Apollo Investment Corporation
in November 2006 and promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer in November 2008. Before joining Apollo, Mr. Dalton was a Vice President with Goldman, Sachs Co. s Principal Investment Area as an investment professional in
the Goldman Sachs Mezzanine Partners Funds since 2000. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Mr. Dalton spent 10 years with The Chase Manhattan Bank from 1990 to 2000, most recently as Vice President in the Acquisition Finance Department of Chase
Securities, Inc. Richard L. Peteka (48) Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Peteka joined Apollo Investment
Corporation in June 2004. Prior to that, he was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of various closed-end and open-end registered investment companies for Citigroup Asset Management. He joined Citigroup Asset Management as a Director in July 1999.
 John J. Suydam (50) Chief Legal Officer and Vice President. Mr. Suydam joined Apollo Investment Corporation in 2006.
Mr. Suydam also serves as the Chief Legal Officer of Apollo Global Management, LLC, a position he has held since 2006. From 2002 to 2006, Mr. Suydam was a partner at O Melveny Myers LLP,
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

where he served as head of Mergers Acquisitions and co-head of the Corporate Department. Prior to that time, Mr. Suydam served as chairman of the law firm O Sullivan, LLP
which specialized in representing private equity investors. Mr. Suydam serves on the board of directors of the Big Apple Circus. 
 Cindy Z. Michel (36) Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President. Ms. Michel was appointed Chief Compliance Officer and Vice
President of Apollo Investment Corporation in 2010. Ms. Michel joined Apollo Global Management, LLC in 2007 as its Director of Compliance and continues to serve in this role. Prior to joining Apollo, Ms. Michel served as the Director
of Compliance of the Private Equity Division at Lehman Brothers. Prior to that, she was associated with the investment bank Credit-Suisse Securities as a member of its Compliance Department supporting the Private Equity and Investment Banking
businesses. Before joining Credit-Suisse, Ms. Michel was associated with the law firm of DLA Piper. Joseph D. Glatt
 (36) Secretary and Vice President. Mr. Glatt was appointed Secretary of Apollo Investment Corporation in 2010 and Vice President in 2009. Mr. Glatt is also currently General Counsel of Apollo Capital Management L.P., a
position he has held since 2007. Previously, Mr. Glatt was associated with the law firms of Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP from 1998 to 2003 and Schulte Roth Zabel LLP from 2003 to 2007, in each case, primarily focusing
on mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts and capital markets activities. Additional information required by this item, including for
example, director qualifications, is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual Stockholders Meeting under the caption, Information about the Nominees and Directors to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after March 31, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference. The Audit
Committee The audit committee operates pursuant to an audit committee charter approved by the board of directors. The charter sets forth
the responsibilities of the audit committee, which include selecting or retaining each year an independent registered public accounting firm (the auditors to audit the accounts and records of the Company; reviewing and discussing with
management and the auditors the annual audited financial statements of the Company, including disclosures made in management s discussion and analysis, and recommending to the board of directors whether the audited financial statements should
be included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K; reviewing and discussing with management and the auditors the Company s quarterly financial statements prior to the filings of its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; pre-approving the
auditors engagement to render audit and/or permissible non-audit services; and evaluating the qualifications, performance and independence of the auditors. The audit committee is presently composed of six persons: Messrs. Bakhru, Puleo,
Spielvogel, Stein, Wechsler, and Ms. Malone, all of whom are independent directors and are otherwise considered independent under the listing standards of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). The Company s board of directors has determined
that Mr. Bakhru and Ms. Malone each is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). The
Audit Committee Charter is available on the Company s website www.apolloic.com ). Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance Pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, the Company s directors and executive officers, and any
persons holding more than 10 of its common stock, are required to report their beneficial ownership and any changes therein to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Company. Specific due dates for those reports have been established, and
the Company is required to report herein any failure to file such reports by those due dates. Based on the Company s review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Company s directors and officers, the
Company believes that during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such persons were met in a timely manner. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Code of Conduct 
 We have adopted a code of conduct for all our directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as required
under Item 406 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and the listing standards of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5610. The code of conduct is available on our website located at www.apolloic.com . You may also read and copy the code of
conduct at the SEC s Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. You may obtain information on operations of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 942-8090. In addition, the code of conduct will be available on the EDGAR
Database on the SEC Internet site at http://www.sec.gov . You may also obtain copies of the code of conduct, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov, or by writing to the
SEC s Public Reference Section, 450 5th Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20549. Item 11.
Executive Compensation COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 Apollo Investment Corporation does not currently have any employees. The executive officers of the company are either employees of our investment adviser,
Apollo Investment Management adviser ), or our administrator, Apollo Investment Administration administrator ). The adviser and administrator provide necessary services to the business, pursuant to the terms of our investment
advisory and management agreement and our administration agreement. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by our investment adviser. Most of the services necessary for the origination and administration of our investment portfolio are
provided by investment professionals employed by the adviser. In addition, we generally reimburse the administrator for our allocable portion of expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our
allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer, chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Summary Compensation
Table The following table shows information regarding the compensation expected to be received by the independent directors and executive
officers for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010. No compensation is paid to directors who are interested persons. 

Name 
 
 Aggregate compensation from Apollo Investment 
 
 Pension
or retirement benefits accrued as part
of our expenses(1) 
 
 Total compensation 
from Apollo Investment paid to director/ officer 
 
 Independent directors 

Ashok Bakhru 

136,500 
 
 None 

136,500 
 
 Claudine B. Malone 

144,000 
 
 None 

144,000 
 
 Frank C. Puleo 

135,000 
 
 None 

135,000 
 
 Carl Spielvogel 

133,000 
 
 None 

133,000 
 
 Elliot Stein, Jr. 

140,500 
 
 None 

140,500 
 
 Bradley J. Wechsler 

122,000 
 
 None 

122,000 

Interested directors 

John J. Hannan 

None 
 
 None 

None 
 
 James C. Zelter(2) 

None 
 
 None 

None 

Executive Officers 

Patrick J. Dalton 

None 
 
 None 

None 
 
 Richard L. Peteka(3) 

None 
 
 None 

None 
 
 John J. Suydam 

None 
 
 None 

None 
 
 Cindy Michel 

None 
 
 None 

None 
 
 Joseph Glatt 

None 
 
 None 

None 
 87 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 We do not have a profit sharing or retirement plan, and directors do not receive any pension or retirement benefits. 

(2) 
 James C. Zelter is also an executive officer of Apollo Investment Corporation. 

(3) 
 Richard L. Peteka is an employee of Apollo Administration. 
 The independent directors annual fee is 100,000. The independent directors also receive 2,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with attending each board meeting, 1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with each committee meeting attended, and 1,500 for each telephonic committee or board meeting
attended. In addition, the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an annual fee of 7,500 and each chairman of any other committee receives an annual fee of 2,500 for additional services in these capacities. Further, we purchase directors 
and officers liability insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. Independent directors have the option to receive their directors fees paid in shares of our common stock issued at a price per share equal to the greater of net
asset value or the market price at the time of payment. Additional information required by this item, including for example, compensation of
officers and directors, is contained in the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual Stockholders Meeting under the caption, Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after March 31, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
 As of March 31, 2010, there were no persons that owned 25 or more of our outstanding voting securities, and no person would be
deemed to control us, as such term is defined in the 1940 Act. Our directors have been divided into two groups interested directors and
independent directors. Interested directors are interested persons as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. The
following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2010, certain ownership information with respect to our common stock for those persons whom we believe, based on public filings and/or information provided by such persons, directly or indirectly
owned, controlled or held with the power to vote, 5 or more of our outstanding common stock as of that date and all officers and directors, as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has
sole voting and investment power. 

Name and address 
 
 Type of ownership(1) 
 
 Shares owned 
 
 Percentage of common stock outstanding 

BlackRock, Inc.(2) 
 
 Beneficial 
 
 10,712,395 
 
 6.07 

Thornburg Investment Management Inc.(3) 
 
 Beneficial 
 
 9,800,435 
 
 5.56 

All officers and directors as a group (13 persons)(4) 
 
 Beneficial 
 
 320,469 

Represents less than 1 . 

(1) 
 All of our common stock is owned of record by Cede Co., as nominee of the Depository Trust Company. 

(2) 
 The principal address for BlackRock, Inc. is 40 East
52 nd Street, New York, NY 10022.

(3) 
 The principal address for Thornburg Investment Management Inc. is 2300 North Ridgetop Road, Sante Fe, New Mexico, 87506. 

(4) 
 The address for all officers and directors is c/o Apollo Investment Corporation, 9 West
57 th Street, New York, NY 10019.
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the dollar range of our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our
directors as of March 31, 2010. (We are not part of a family of investment companies, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act.) 

Name of Director 
 
 Dollar Range of Equity Securities in
Apollo Investment(1) 

Independent Directors 

Ashok Bakhru 
 
 100,001 500,000 

Claudine B. Malone 
 
 100,001 500,000 

Frank C. Puleo 
 
 100,001 500,000 

Carl Spielvogel 
 
 50,001 100,000 

Elliot Stein, Jr. 
 
 100,001 500,000 

Bradley J. Wechsler 
 
 500,001 1,000,000 

Interested Directors 

John J. Hannan 
 
 500,001 1,000,000 
 (2) 
 
 James C. Zelter 
 
 Over 1,000,000 

(1) 
 Dollar ranges are as follows: None, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000, 100,001 500,000, 500,001 1,000,000 or
over 1,000,000. 

(2) 
 Dollar range includes 69,782 shares held through indirect beneficial ownership of a family trust. 
 Additional information required by this item, including for example, security ownership of management, is contained in the Registrant s definitive
Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual Stockholders Meeting under the caption, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after March 31,
2010 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence We have entered into an investment advisory and management agreement with AIM. Certain of our
senior officers and our chairman of the board of directors have ownership and financial interests in AIM. Certain of our senior officers also serve as principals of other investment managers affiliated with AIM that may in the future manage
investment funds with investment objectives similar to ours. In addition, our executive officers and directors and the partners of our investment adviser, AIM, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the
same or related line of business as we do, or of investment funds managed by its affiliates, although we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment funds managed by advisers affiliated with AIM.
However, our investment adviser and its affiliates intend to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner consistent with our investment objectives and strategies so that we are not disadvantaged in relation to any other client.
 We have entered into a royalty-free license agreement with AIM, pursuant to which AIM has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive license to use
the name Apollo. Under the license agreement, we have the right to use the Apollo name for so long as AIM or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. In addition, we rent office space from AIA, an affiliate of
AIM, and pay Apollo Administration our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Apollo Administration in performing its obligations under our administration agreement with AIA, including our allocable portion of the cost of our
chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs, which can create conflicts of interest that our board of directors must monitor. We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, on a concurrent basis with affiliates
of AIM, subject to compliance with applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. Further information relating to relationships and
director independence is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2010 Proxy Statement under the caption Certain Relationships and Transactions. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The audit committee of the board of directors selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditors for the Company for the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2010. The audit committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent accountant required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent
accountant s communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the independent accountant the independent accountant s independence. 
 Audit Fees: Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. Audit fees billed during the fiscal years ending March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009 were 580,000 and 637,000,
respectively. Audit-Related Fees: Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that
are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Audit-related fees billed during the fiscal years ending March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009 were 126,000 and 253,000, respectively. 
 Tax Services Fees : Tax services fees consist of fees billed for professional tax services. These services also include
assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. Tax services and fees billed during the fiscal years ending March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009 were 31,920 and 30,000, respectively, which represented work related to
preparation of tax returns, our RIC qualification, excise tax distribution requirements, form extensions, etc. All Other
Fees : Other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above, of which there were none in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009. 
 The Audit Committee of the board of directors of Apollo Investment Corporation operates under a written charter adopted by the board of directors.
Management is responsible for the Company s internal controls and the financial reporting process. The independent auditors are responsible for performing an independent audit of the Company s financial statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Audit Committee s
responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. The Audit Committee is also directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the Company s independent auditors. 
 The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent auditor. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service
does not impair the auditor s independence. Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general
pre-approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit
Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee
does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent auditor to management. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements and met and held discussions with
management regarding the audited financial statements. Management has represented to the Audit Committee that the Company s financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
 The Audit Committee has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent auditors, matters required to be discussed
by the statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended (AICPA, Professional Standards, Vol. 1, AU section 380),1 as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule 3200T. 
 Based on the Audit Committee s discussion with management and the independent auditors, the Audit Committee s review of the audited financial
statements, the representations of management and the report of the independent auditors to the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee has recommended that the board of directors include the audited financial statements in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Audit Committee has also appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to serve as independent auditors for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2011. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 
 Financial Statements. 

Refer to Item 8 above. 

(a)(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Amendment(1) 

3.1(b) 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement(2) 

3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws(3) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate(4) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Management Agreement between Registrant and Apollo Investment Management, L.P. 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement between Registrant and Apollo Investment Administration, LLC 

10.3 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan(5) 

10.4 
 
 Custodian Agreement(2) 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement between the Registrant and Apollo Management, L.P.(2) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Transfer Agency and Service Agreement(2) 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement(6) 

11.1 
 
 Statement regarding computation of per share earnings 

14.1 
 
 Code of Conduct(7) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S. C. 1350). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S. C. 1350). 

Filed herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on
Form N-2, filed on June 20, 2005. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on
Form N-2, filed on April 1, 2004. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on November 6, 2009. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on
Form N-2, filed on March 12, 2004. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 10-K, filed on June 12, 2006. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2009. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 10-K, filed on May 29, 2008. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 /s/ James C. Zelter 
 
 James C. Zelter 
 Chief Executive Officer May 26,
2010 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ James C. Zelter 
 James C. Zelter 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Richard L. Peteka 
 Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Patrick J. Dalton 
 Patrick J. Dalton 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ John J. Hannan 
 John J. Hannan 
 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Ashok Bakhru 
 Ashok Bakhru 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Claudine B. Malone 
 Claudine B. Malone 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Frank C. Puleo 
 Frank C. Puleo 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Carl Spielvogel 
 Carl Spielvogel 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Elliot Stein, Jr. 
 Elliot Stein, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 

/s/ Bradley J. Wechsler 
 Bradley J. Wechsler 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2010 
 93 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 dex101.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTMENT ADVISORY MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Management Agreement 

Exhibit 10.1 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 INVESTMENT ADVISORY MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 BETWEEN 
 APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 AND 
 APOLLO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P. 
 Amended and Restated Agreement made this
18 th day of March 2010, by and between APOLLO INVESTMENT
CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), and APOLLO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Adviser ). 
 WHEREAS, the Corporation is a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act WHEREAS, the Adviser is an investment
adviser that has registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act and WHEREAS, the
Corporation desires to retain the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Corporation on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Adviser wishes to be retained to provide such services. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 1. Duties of the Adviser . 
 (a) The Corporation hereby employs the Adviser to act as the investment adviser to the Corporation and to manage the investment and
reinvestment of the assets of the Corporation, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, for the period and upon the terms herein set forth, (i) in accordance with the investment objective, policies and
restrictions that are set forth in the Corporation s Registration Statement on Form N-2, dated February 6, 2004, as the same shall be amended from time to time (as amended, the Registration Statement ), (ii) in accordance
with the Investment Company Act and (iii) during the term of this Agreement in accordance with all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Corporation s charter and by-laws. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Adviser shall, during the term and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i) determine the composition of the portfolio of the Corporation, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing
such changes; (ii) identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments made by the Corporation; (iii) close and monitor the Corporation s investments; (iv) determine the securities and other assets that the
Corporation will purchase, retain, or sell; (v) perform due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and (vi) provide the Corporation with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Corporation may, from time
to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. The Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to effectuate its investment decisions for the Corporation, including the execution and delivery of all
documents relating to the Corporation s investments and the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to acquire debt financing, the Adviser will arrange
for such financing on the Corporation s behalf, subject to the oversight and approval of the Corporation s Board of Directors. If it is necessary for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Corporation through a special purpose
vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such special purpose vehicle and to make such investments through such special purpose vehicle in accordance with the Investment Company Act. 
 
 -1- 

(b) The Adviser hereby accepts such employment and agrees during the term hereof to render
the services described herein for the compensation provided herein. (c) Subject to the requirements of the Investment Company
Act, the Adviser is hereby authorized to enter into one or more sub-advisory agreements with other investment advisers (each, a Sub-Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser may obtain the services of the Sub-Adviser(s) to assist the
Adviser in fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder. Specifically, the Adviser may retain a Sub-Adviser to recommend specific securities or other investments based upon the Corporation s investment objective and policies, and work, along with
the Adviser, in structuring, negotiating, arranging or effecting the acquisition or disposition of such investments and monitoring investments on behalf of the Corporation, subject to the oversight of the Adviser and the Corporation. The Adviser,
and not the Corporation, shall be responsible for any compensation payable to any Sub-Adviser. Any sub-advisory agreement entered into by the Adviser shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act and other applicable
federal and state law. (d) The Adviser shall for all purposes herein provided be deemed to be an independent contractor and,
except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority to act for or represent the Corporation in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Corporation. 
 (e) The Adviser shall keep and preserve for the period required by the Investment Company Act any books and records relevant to the
provision of its investment advisory services to the Corporation and shall specifically maintain all books and records with respect to the Corporation s portfolio transactions and shall render to the Corporation s Board of Directors such
periodic and special reports as the Board may reasonably request. The Adviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Corporation are the property of the Corporation and will surrender promptly to the Corporation any such records upon the
Corporation s request, provided that the Adviser may retain a copy of such records. 2. Corporation s
Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Corporation . All investment professionals of the Adviser and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services hereunder, and the
compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by the Corporation. The Corporation will bear all other costs and expenses of its operations and
transactions, including (without limitation) those relating to: organization and offering; calculating the Corporation s net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); expenses incurred by the Adviser
payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Corporation and in monitoring the Corporation s investments and performing due diligence on its prospective portfolio
companies; interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance the Corporation s investments; offerings of the Corporation s common stock and other securities; investment advisory and management fees; administration fees, if any, payable
under the Administration Agreement between the Corporation and Apollo Investment Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), the Corporation s administrator; fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other
advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; transfer agent and custodial fees; federal and state registration fees; all costs of registration and listing the Corporation s shares on any securities exchange;
federal, state and local taxes; independent Directors fees and expenses; costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the Securities and Exchange Commission; costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to
stockholders, including printing costs; the Corporation s allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; direct costs and expenses of administration,
including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by the Corporation or the Administrator in connection with administering the
Corporation s business, including payments under the Administration Agreement between the Corporation and the Administrator based upon the Corporation s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations
under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Corporation s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 
 
 -2- 

3. Compensation of the Adviser . The Corporation agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees
to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the Adviser hereunder, a base management fee Base Management Fee and an incentive fee Incentive Fee as hereinafter set forth. The Corporation shall make any payments
due hereunder to the Adviser or to the Adviser s designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Adviser may elect, or the Corporation may adopt a deferred compensation plan pursuant to which the
Adviser may elect, to defer all or a portion of its fees hereunder for a specified period of time. (a) The Base Management
Fee shall be calculated at an annual rate of 2.00 of the Corporation s gross assets. The Base Management Fee will be calculated based on the average value of the Corporation s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed
calendar quarters. Base Management Fees for any partial quarter will be appropriately pro rated. (b) The Incentive Fee shall
consist of two parts, as follows: (i) One part will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-Incentive
Fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-Incentive Fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment,
origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees but excluding fees for providing significant managerial assistance or other fees that the Corporation receives from portfolio companies) accrued by the Corporation during the calendar quarter,
minus the Corporation s operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock,
but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation. Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return
on the value of the Corporation s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will be compared to a performance threshold of 1.75 per quarter (7 annualized). The Corporation will pay the Adviser an
Incentive Fee with respect to the Corporation s pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows; (1) no Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Corporation s pre-Incentive Fee net investment
income does not exceed the performance threshold; (2) 100 of the Corporation s pre-Incentive Fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the performance
threshold but does not exceed 2.1875 in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized) ; and (3) 20 of the amount of the Corporation s pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 in any calendar quarter (8.75 
annualized). These calculations will be appropriately pro rated for any period of less than three months. (ii) The second
part of the Incentive Fee (the Capital Gains Fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of this Agreement as set forth below), and will equal 20.0 of the sum of the
Corporation s cumulative realized capital gains, cumulative realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation (unrealized capital depreciation on a gross investment-by-investment basis), less all Capital Gains Fee payments previously
made to the Adviser. In the event that this Agreement shall terminate as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date shall be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains
Fee. The Supplement attached hereto as Exhibit I illustrates the calculation of the Capital Gains Fee. 4. Covenants of the
Adviser . The Adviser covenants that it is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Adviser agrees that its activities will at all times be in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws
governing its operations and investments. 5. Excess Brokerage Commissions . The Adviser is hereby authorized, to the
fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law, to cause the Corporation to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission
another 
 -3- 

member of such exchange, broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction, if the Adviser determines in good faith, taking into account such factors as price (including the
applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that such amount of commission is reasonable in
relation to the value of the brokerage and/or research services provided by such member, broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Corporation s portfolio, and
constitutes the best net results for the Corporation. 6. Limitations on the Employment of the Adviser . The services of
the Adviser to the Corporation are not exclusive, and the Adviser may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment
based accounts or commingled pools of capital, however structured, having investment objectives similar to those of the Corporation, so long as its services to the Corporation hereunder are not impaired thereby, and nothing in this Agreement shall
limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser to engage in any other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to
receive any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more of the Corporation s portfolio companies, subject to applicable law). So long as this
Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment remains in effect, the Adviser shall be the only investment adviser for the Corporation, subject to the Adviser s right to enter into sub-advisory agreements. The Adviser assumes no
responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called for hereunder. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and stockholders of the Corporation are or may become interested in the Adviser and its affiliates, as
directors, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members, managers or otherwise, and that the Adviser and directors, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members and managers of the Adviser and its affiliates are or may become
similarly interested in the Corporation as stockholders or otherwise. 7. Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or
Employees . If any person who is a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator is or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the Corporation and acts as such in any business of the Corporation, then such
manager, partner, officer and/or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Corporation, and not as a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or under
the control or direction of the Adviser or the Administrator, even if paid by the Adviser or the Administrator. 8.
 Limitation of Liability of the Adviser; Indemnification . The Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without
limitation its general partner and the Administrator) shall not be liable to the Corporation for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Adviser in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or
otherwise as an investment adviser of the Corporation, except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial
proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services, and the Corporation shall indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or
entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its general partner and the Administrator, each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless
from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action,
suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under this
Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Paragraph 8 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle
or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to 
 -4- 

indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Corporation or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or
gross negligence in the performance of the Adviser s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Adviser s duties and obligations under this Agreement (as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act
and any interpretations or guidance by the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff thereunder). 9. Effectiveness,
Duration and Termination of Agreement . This Agreement became effective as of March 25, 2004 and was amended and restated on March 18, 2010. This Agreement shall remain in effect for two years from the date of effectiveness, and
thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the Corporation s Board of Directors, or by the vote of a majority of the
outstanding voting securities of the Corporation and (b) the vote of a majority of the Corporation s Directors who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the
Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice, by the vote of a
majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Corporation, or by the vote of the Corporation s Directors or by the Adviser. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined
for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the Investment Company Act). The provisions of Paragraph 8 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any
termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 3 through the date of termination or expiration and
Section 8 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 
 10. Notices . Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the
other party at its principal office. 11. Amendments . This Agreement may be amended by mutual consent, but the consent
of the Corporation must be obtained in conformity with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 12. Entire
Agreement; Governing Law . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York and the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. To the extent the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company
Act, the latter shall control. [The remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 
 
 -5- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the
date above written. 

APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

APOLLO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P. 

By: 
 
 ACC Management, LLC, its general partner. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

-6- 

EXHIBIT I 
 Supplement to the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Management Agreement Dated March 18, 2010 Between Apollo Investment
Corporation and Apollo Investment Management, L.P. This Supplement clarifies the Capital Gains Fee calculation set
out in Section 3(b)(ii) of the Investment Advisory Management Agreement between AIC and AIM (the Advisory Agreement ). Nothing contained in this Supplement modifies any term of the Advisory Agreement. 
 For purposes of determining any amount due under Section 3(b)(ii) of the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee shall incorporate
unrealized depreciation on a gross investment-by-investment basis at the end of such year. Capital gains with respect to any investment will equal the difference between the proceeds from the sale of such investment and the accreted or amortized
cost basis of such investment. Examples of Determination of Capital Gains Fee: 
 Alternative 1 Assumptions

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B 

Year 2: Investment A is sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million 

Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million 
 The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 

Year 1: None 

Year 2: Capital gains incentive fee of 6 million 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20 

Year 3: None 
 5 million (20 multiplied by 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 6 million
(previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 

Year 4: Capital gains incentive fee of 200,000 
 6.2 million 31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20 less 6 million (capital gains fee taken in Year 2)
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and
 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 
 -7- 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 

Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million 

Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million 
 The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 

Year 1: None 

Year 2: 5 million capital gains incentive fee 
 20 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B)

Year 3: 1.4 million capital gains incentive fee(1) 
 6.4 million (20 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million unrealized capital
depreciation)) less 5 million capital gains fee received in Year 2. 

Year 4: None 

Year 5: None 
 5 million (20 multiplied by 25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 35 million less realized capital losses of 10 million))
less 6.4 million cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3 

(1) 
 As illustrated in Year 3 of Alternative 1 above, if the Corporation were to be wound up on a date other than December 31st of any year, it may have paid aggregate
capital gain incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if it had been wound up on December 31st of such year. 
 
 -8- 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 dex102.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

Amended and Restated Administration Agreement 

Exhibit 10.2 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement made as of March 18, 2010 by and between Apollo
Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation (hereinafter referred to as the Corporation ), and Apollo Investment Administration, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (hereinafter referred to as the Administrator ).
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS, the Corporation is a newly organized closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business
development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (hereinafter referred to as the Investment Company Act 
 WHEREAS, the Corporation desires to retain the Administrator to provide administrative services to the Corporation in the manner and on
the terms hereinafter set forth; WHEREAS, the Corporation s investment adviser is the Administrator s sole member;
and WHEREAS, the Administrator is willing to provide administrative services to the Corporation on the terms and conditions
hereafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Corporation and the Administrator hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 Duties of the Administrator 
 (a) Employment of Administrator . The Corporation hereby employs the Administrator to act as administrator of the Corporation, and
to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below, subject to review by and the overall control of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, for the period and on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts such employment and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services and to assume the obligations herein set forth subject to the
reimbursement of costs and expenses provided for below. The Administrator and such others shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be independent contractors and shall, unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to
act for or represent the Corporation in any way or otherwise be deemed agents of the Corporation. (b) Services . The
Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for the operation of the Corporation. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall provide the
Corporation with office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, shall from time to time
determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator shall also, on behalf of the Corporation, conduct relations with custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other
stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator shall make
reports to the Directors of its performance of obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Corporation as it shall
 
 -1- 

determine to be desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the
securities and other assets that the Corporation should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to the Corporation. The Administrator shall be responsible for the financial and other records that the Corporation is
required to maintain and shall prepare reports to stockholders, and reports and other materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Administrator will provide on the Corporation s behalf significant
managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Corporation is required to provide such assistance. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Corporation in determining and publishing the Corporation s net asset value,
overseeing the preparation and filing of the Corporation s tax returns, and the printing and dissemination of reports to stockholders of the Corporation, and generally overseeing the payment of the Corporation s expenses and the
performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Corporation by others. 

2. 
 Records The
Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Corporation that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder and, if required by the Investment Company Act, will maintain and keep such books,
accounts and records in accordance with that Act. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the Investment Company Act, the Administrator agrees that all records which it maintains for the Corporation shall at all times remain the
property of the Corporation, shall be readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of the Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which
it maintains for the Corporation pursuant to Rule 31a-1 under the Investment Company Act will be preserved for the periods prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the Investment Company Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided above.
Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. 

3. 
 Confidentiality The
parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party
hereto, including nonpublic personal information pursuant to Regulation S-P of the SEC, shall be used by any other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out
this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available
other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise by applicable law or regulation.

4. 
 Compensation; Allocation of Costs and Expenses 
 In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Administrator, the Corporation shall reimburse the Administrator for the
costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities hereunder. 
 The Corporation will bear all costs and expenses that are incurred in its operation and transactions and not specifically assumed by the
Corporation s investment adviser (the Adviser ), pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Management Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2010 by and between the Corporation and the Adviser. Costs and expenses to
be borne by the Corporation include, but are not limited to, those relating to: organization and offering; calculating the Corporation s net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); expenses incurred by
the Adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Corporation and in monitoring the Corporation s investments and performing due diligence on its prospective
portfolio companies; interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance the Corporation s investments; offerings of the Corporation s 
 
 -2- 

common stock and other securities; investment advisory and management fees; administration fees, if any, payable under this Agreement; fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants
or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; transfer agent and custodial fees; federal and state registration fees; all costs of registration and listing the Corporation s shares on any securities
exchange; federal, state and local taxes; independent Directors fees and expenses; costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC; costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including
printing costs; the Corporation s allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing,
mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by the Corporation or the Administrator in connection with administering the Corporation s
business, including payments under this Agreement based upon the Corporation s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under this Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of
the Corporation s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 

5. 
 Limitation of Liability of the Administrator; Indemnification 
 The Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity
affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation its sole member, the Adviser) shall not be liable to the Corporation for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its
duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Corporation, and the Corporation shall indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons,
members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation the Adviser, each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties and hold them
harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed
action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Administrator s duties or
obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Corporation. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Paragraph 5 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties
against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Corporation or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of willful
misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of the Administrator s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Administrator s duties and obligations under this Agreement (to the extent applicable, as the same shall be
determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). 

6. 
 Activities of the Administrator 
 The services of the Administrator to the Corporation are not to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each affiliate is
free to render services to others. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and stockholders of the Corporation are or may become interested in the Administrator and its affiliates, as directors, officers, members, managers, employees,
partners, stockholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners and stockholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Corporation as
stockholders or otherwise. 

7. 
 Duration and Termination of this Agreement 
 This Agreement became effective as of March 25, 2004 and was amended and restated on March 18, 2010. This Agreement shall remain
in force with respect to the Corporation for two years from the date of effectiveness, and thereafter continue from year to year, but only so long as such continuance is specifically 
 
 -3- 

approved at least annually by (i) the Board of Directors of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of those Directors who are not parties to this Agreement or interested
persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act) of any such party. This Agreement may be terminated at any time,
without the payment of any penalty, by vote of the Directors of the Corporation, or by the Administrator, upon 60 days written notice to the other party. This Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party.

8. 
 Amendments of this Agreement 
 This Agreement may be amended pursuant to a written instrument by mutual consent of the parties. 

9. 
 Governing Law This
Agreement shall be construed in accordance with laws of the State of New York and the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act, if any. To the extent that the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein,
conflict with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act, if any, the latter shall control. 

10. 
 Entire Agreement This
Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supercedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

11. 
 Notices Any notice under
this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office. 
 [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 -4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the
date first above written. 

APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

APOLLO INVESTMENT ADMINISTRATION, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

-5- 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-11.1>
 4
 dex111.htm
 STATEMENT REGARDING COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS

Statement regarding computation of per share earnings 

Exhibit 11.1 
 STATEMENT REGARDING COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS 
 The following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net increase in stockholders equity per share resulting from operations
for the period April 1, 2009 through March 31, 2010 

Numerator for increase in net assets per share: 

263,289,865 
 
 Denominator for basic and diluted weighted average shares: 

159,368,701 
 
 Basic and diluted net increase in stockholders equity per share resulting from operations: 

1.65 

</EX-11.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, James C. Zelter, Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Investment Corporation, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Investment Corporation; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 26, 2010 

/s/ James C. Zelter 
 
 James C. Zelter 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Richard L. Peteka, Chief Financial Officer of Apollo Investment Corporation, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apollo Investment Corporation; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 26, 2010 

/s/ Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 (the Report of APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, JAMES C. ZELTER, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

/s/ James C. Zelter 
 
 Name: James C. Zelter 
 
 Date: May 26, 2010 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 (the Report of APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, RICHARD L. PETEKA, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

/s/ Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Name: Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Date: May 26, 2010 

</EX-32.2>

