<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100628_10-K_edgar_data_25895_0000950123-10-061373.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>705988</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162311</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>429136</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950123-10-061373.hdr.sgml : 20100628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100628060108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-10-061373
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20100328
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100628

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CROWN CRAFTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000025895
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BROADWOVEN FABRIC MILLS, COTTON [2211]
		IRS NUMBER:				580678148
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07604
		FILM NUMBER:		10918762

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		916 SOUTH BURNSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			GONZALES
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70737
		BUSINESS PHONE:		225-647-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1028
		CITY:			GONZALES
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 N5gNjaz8JAsPMFL40ged45W9RW6EdAcH7lHv9gjPtW6ZofwkAuGJQrwzFc+n27Hg
 fZDvwZTc91G429pKNDlK3g==

 0000950123-10-061373.txt : 20100628

10-K
 1
 d73808e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal
 year ended March 28, 2010 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File
 No. 1-7604 

Crown Crafts, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 (State of
 Incorporation) 

58-0678148 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

916 S. Burnside Ave. 
 Gonzales, Louisiana 
 (Address of principal
 executive offices) 

70737 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code:
 (225) 647-9100 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Class 

Name of Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, 0.01 par value

The NASDAQ Capital Market

Common Share Purchase Rights

The NASDAQ Capital Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted
 electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any,
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
 that the registrant was required to submit and post such
 files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in Rule
 12b-2 of the
 Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated 
 filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting
 company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes No 

The approximate aggregate market value of the voting stock held
 by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of September 25,
 2009 (the last business day of the Company s most recently
 completed second fiscal quarter) was 16.4 million.

As of June 7, 2010, 9,254,986 shares of the
 Company s common stock were outstanding.

Documents
 Incorporated by Reference: 

Crown Crafts, Inc. Proxy Statement in connection with its 2010
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Part III hereof).

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Cautionary
 Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain of the statements made herein under the caption
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere,
 including information incorporated herein by reference to other
 documents, are forward-looking statements within the
 meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A
 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
 Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
 Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to
 our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations,
 anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future
 performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
 and other factors, many of which may be beyond our control and
 which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements
 of Crown Crafts, Inc. to be materially different from future
 results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by
 such forward-looking statements.

All statements other than statements of historical fact are
 statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can
 identify these forward-looking statements through our use of
 words such as may, anticipate, 
 assume, should, indicate, 
 would, believe, contemplate, 
 expect, estimate, continue, 
 plan, point to, project, 
 predict, could, intend, 
 target, potential and other similar
 words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking
 statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors,
 including, without limitation, those described in Part I,
 Item 1A. Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this
 report and those described from time to time in our future
 reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC under the Exchange Act.

All written or oral forward-looking statements that are made by
 or are attributable to us are expressly qualified in their
 entirety by this cautionary notice. Our forward-looking
 statements apply only as of the date of this report or the
 respective date of the document from which they are incorporated
 herein by reference. We have no obligation and do not undertake
 to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking
 statements after the date of this report, or after the
 respective dates on which such statements otherwise are made,
 whether as a result of new information, future events or
 otherwise.

ITEM 1. 

Business 

Description
 of Business 

Crown Crafts, Inc. (the Company operates indirectly
 through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Crown Crafts Infant
 Products, Inc. and Hamco, Inc., in the infant and toddler
 products segment within the consumer products industry. The
 infant and toddler segment consists of infant and toddler
 bedding, bibs, disposable products, soft goods and accessories.
 Sales of the Company s products are generally made directly
 to retailers, which are primarily mass merchants, mid-tier
 retailers, juvenile specialty stores, value channel stores,
 grocery and drug stores, restaurants, internet accounts,
 wholesale clubs and catalog retailers. The Company s
 products are manufactured primarily in Asia and marketed under a
 variety of Company-owned trademarks, under trademarks licensed
 from others and as private label goods.

The Company s fiscal year ends on the Sunday nearest
 March 31. References herein to fiscal year 2010 
 or 2010 , and fiscal year 2009 or
 2009 represent the 52-week periods ended
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, respectively.

Through April 2007, the Company s operations included those
 of an additional subsidiary, Churchill Weavers, Inc.
 Churchill ). On February 2, 2007, the Company
 announced that it would liquidate Churchill. In accordance with
 accounting guidelines, in fiscal years 2010 and 2009, the real
 property that continues to be held in Churchill, which has no
 other material assets, is classified as held for sale in the
 Company s consolidated balance sheets, and the operations
 of Churchill are classified as discontinued operations in the
 Company s consolidated statements of income.

Products 

The Company s primary focus is on infant, toddler and
 juvenile products, including crib and toddler bedding; blankets;
 nursery accessories; room d cor; disposable and reusable
 bibs and floor mats; burp cloths; bathing accessories;
 disposable placemats, toilet seat covers and changing mats; and
 other infant, toddler and juvenile soft goods.

2

Table of Contents 

Sales and
 Marketing 

The Company s products are marketed through a national
 sales force consisting of salaried sales executives and
 employees located in Compton, California; Gonzales, Louisiana;
 and Rogers, Arkansas. Products are also marketed by independent
 commissioned sales representatives located throughout the United
 States and Canada. Sales outside the United States and Canada
 are made primarily through distributors.

Substantially all products are sold to retailers for resale to
 consumers. The Company s subsidiaries introduce new
 products throughout the year and participate at the annual ABC
 Kids Expo and the General Merchandising and Health Beauty
 Wellness Conferences presented by the Global Market Development
 Center.

Product
 Design and Styling 

The Company believes that its creative team is one of its key
 strengths. Product design ideas are drawn from various sources
 and are reviewed and modified by the design staff to ensure
 consistency within the Company s existing product offerings
 and the themes and images associated with such existing
 products. In order to respond effectively to changing consumer
 preferences, the Company s designers and stylists attempt
 to stay abreast of emerging lifestyle trends in color, fashion
 and design. When designing products under the Company s
 various licensed brands, the Company s designers coordinate
 their efforts with the licensors design teams to provide
 for a more fluid design approval process and to effectively
 incorporate the image of the licensed brand into the product.
 The Company s product designs are both created internally
 and obtained from numerous additional sources, including
 independent artists, decorative fabric manufacturers and apparel
 designers. The Company s designs include traditional,
 contemporary, textured and whimsical patterns across a broad
 spectrum of retail price points. Utilizing state of the art
 computer technology, the Company continually develops new
 designs throughout the year for all of its product groups. This
 continual development cycle affords the Company design
 flexibility, multiple opportunities to present new products to
 customers and the ability to provide timely responses to
 customer demands and changing market trends. The Company also
 creates designs for exclusive sale by certain of its customers
 under the Company s brands, as well as the customers 
 private label brands.

Raw
 Materials 

The principal raw materials used in the manufacture of the
 Company s product offerings are as follows:

Product Group 

Principal Raw Materials 

Comforters, sheets and related accessories

Printed, woven and solid color cotton and poly-cotton fabrics,
 with polyester fibers used as filling materials

Reusable bibs

Cotton/polyester knit terry, cotton woven terry and
 water-resistant fabrications

Disposable Placemats and Floor Mats

Polyethylene (PE)

Disposable bibs, toilet seat covers and changing mats

Cellulose and non-woven paper

Reusable Floor Mats

Polyethylene Vinyl Acetate (PEVA)

Although the Company normally maintains relationships with a
 limited number of suppliers, the Company believes that these raw
 materials are readily available from several alternative sources
 in quantities sufficient to meet the Company s requirements.

The Company uses significant quantities of cotton, either in the
 form of cotton or cotton-blended fabrics. Cotton is subject to
 ongoing price fluctuations because it is an agricultural product
 impacted by changing weather patterns, disease and supply and
 demand considerations, both domestically and internationally. In
 addition, the price of oil affects key components of the raw
 material prices in our products (e.g., 100 polyester fill,
 polyester fabrics, PE, PEVA and packaging). Significant
 increases in the prices of cotton and oil could adversely affect
 the Company s operations.

3

Table of Contents 

Product
 Sourcing 

The Company s products are produced by foreign
 manufacturers, with the largest concentration being in China.
 The Company makes sourcing decisions on the basis of quality,
 timeliness of delivery and price, including the impact of quotas
 and duties. The Company s management and quality assurance
 personnel visit the third-party facilities regularly to monitor
 product quality and to ensure compliance with labor
 requirements. In addition, the Company closely monitors the
 currency exchange rate. The impact of future fluctuations in the
 exchange rate or changes in safeguards cannot be predicted with
 certainty at this time.

The Company maintains a foreign representative office located in
 Shanghai, China, which is responsible for the coordination of
 production, purchases and shipments, seeking out new vendors and
 inspections for social compliance and quality.

The Company s products are warehoused and distributed from
 facilities located in Compton, California.

Customers 

The Company s customers consist principally of mass
 merchants, mid-tier retailers, juvenile specialty stores, value
 channel stores, grocery and drug stores, restaurants, internet
 accounts, wholesale clubs and catalog retailers. The Company
 does not generally enter into long-term or other purchase
 agreements with its customers. The table below sets forth those
 customers that represented at least 10 of the Company s
 gross sales in fiscal years 2010 and 2009.

Fiscal Year 

2010 

2009 

Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

43

47

Toys R Us

21

21

Target Corporation

10

Amount represented less than 10 of the Company s gross
 sales for this fiscal year. 

Seasonality
 and Inventory Management 

In fiscal year 2010, the Company s sales were lowest in the
 first quarter and highest in the fourth fiscal quarter, although
 there is some variation in the seasonal demand for the
 Company s products from year to year. Sales are generally
 higher in periods when customers take initial shipments of new
 products, as these orders typically include enough products for
 initial sets for each store and additional quantities for the
 customer s distribution centers. The timing of these
 initial shipments varies by customer and depends on when the
 customer finalizes store layouts for the upcoming year and
 whether the customer has any mid-year introductions of products.
 Sales may also be higher or lower, as the case may be, in
 periods when customers are opening new stores or closing
 existing stores. Consistent with the expected introduction of
 specific product offerings, the Company carries necessary levels
 of inventory to meet the anticipated delivery requirements of
 its customers. Customer returns of merchandise shipped are
 historically less than 1 of gross sales.

International
 Sales 

Sales to customers in countries other than the United States
 represented 2 of the Company s gross sales in fiscal year
 2010 and less than 1 in fiscal year 2009. International sales
 are based upon the location that predominately represents the
 final destination of the products delivered to the
 Company s customers.

Government
 Regulation and Environmental Control 

The Company is subject to various federal, state and local
 environmental laws and regulations, which regulate, among other
 things, product safety and the discharge, storage, handling and
 disposal of a variety of substances and wastes, and to laws and
 regulations relating to employee safety and health, principally
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration Act and
 regulations thereunder. The Company believes that it currently
 complies in all material respects with applicable environmental,
 health and safety laws and regulations and that future
 compliance with such existing laws or regulations will not have
 a material adverse effect on its capital expenditures, earnings
 or

4

Table of Contents 

competitive position. However, there is no assurance that such
 requirements will not become more stringent in the future or
 that the Company will not have to incur significant costs to
 comply with such requirements.

Order
 Backlog 

Management estimates the backlog of customer orders was
 5.8 million and 3.5 million at June 4, 2010 and
 May 29, 2009, respectively. Historically the majority of
 these unfilled orders are shipped within approximately four
 weeks. There is no assurance that the backlog at any point in
 time will translate into sales in any particular subsequent
 period. Due to the prevalence of quick-ship programs adopted by
 its customers, the Company does not believe that its backlog is
 a meaningful or material indicator of future business.

Employees 

At June 1, 2010, the Company had 161 employees, none
 of whom is represented by a labor union or is otherwise a party
 to a collective bargaining agreement. The Company attracts and
 maintains qualified personnel by paying competitive salaries and
 benefits and offering opportunities for advancement. The Company
 considers its relationship with its employees to be good.

Competition 

The infant and toddler consumer products industry is highly
 competitive. The Company competes with a variety of distributors
 and manufacturers (both branded and private label), including
 large infant and juvenile product companies and specialty infant
 and juvenile product manufacturers, on the basis of quality,
 design, price, brand name recognition, service and packaging.
 The Company s ability to compete depends principally on
 styling, price, service to the retailer and continued high
 regard for the Company s products and trade names.

Trademarks,
 Copyrights and Patents 

The Company considers its intellectual property to be of
 material importance to its business. Sales of products marketed
 under the Company s trademarks, primarily
 NoJo ,

 accounted for 20 of the Company s total gross sales during
 fiscal year 2010. Protection for these trademarks is obtained
 through domestic and foreign registrations. The Company also
 markets designs which are subject to copyrights and design
 patents owned by the Company.

Licensed
 Products 

Certain products are manufactured and sold pursuant to licensing
 agreements for trademarks. Also, many of the designs used by the
 Company are copyrighted by other parties, including trademark
 licensors, and are available to the Company through copyright
 license agreements. The licensing agreements are generally for
 an initial term of one to three years and may or may not be
 subject to renewal or extension. Sales of licensed products
 represented 51 of the Company s gross sales in fiscal year
 2010, which included 36 of sales under the Company s
 license agreements with affiliated companies of The Walt Disney
 Company Disney ). The Company s current infant
 and toddler license agreements with Disney expire
 December 31, 2010 and 2011, respectively.

The Company s commitment for minimum guaranteed royalty
 payments under its license agreements as of March 28, 2010
 is 5.0 million, including 3.2 million and
 1.6 million for fiscal years 2011 and 2012, respectively.
 The Company believes that future sales of licensed products will
 exceed amounts required to cover the minimum royalty guarantees.
 The Company s total royalty expense was 7.0 million
 and 6.9 million for fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
 respectively.

ITEM 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

The following risk factors as well as the other information
 contained in this report and other filings with the SEC should
 be considered in evaluating the Company s business.
 Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or
 that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our
 business operations. If any of the following risks actually
 occur, operating results may be affected in future periods. 

5

Table of Contents 

The
 loss of one or more of the Company s key customers could
 result in a material loss of revenues. 

The Company s top two customers represented approximately
 64 of gross sales in fiscal year 2010. Although the Company
 does not enter into contracts with its key customers, it expects
 them to continue to be a significant portion of its gross sales
 in the future. The loss of one or both of these customers could
 result in a material decrease in the Company s revenue and
 operating income.

The
 loss of one or more of the Company s licenses could result
 in a material loss of revenues. 

Sales of licensed products represented 51 of the Company s
 gross sales in fiscal year 2010, which included 36 of sales
 associated with the Company s license agreements with
 Disney. The Company could experience a material loss of revenues
 if it is unable to renew its major license agreements or obtain
 new licenses.

Economic
 conditions could adversely affect the Company s raw
 material prices. 

The Company uses significant quantities of cotton, either in the
 form of cotton fabric or cotton/polyester fabric. Cotton is
 subject to ongoing price fluctuations because it is an
 agricultural product impacted by changing weather patterns,
 disease and other factors, such as supply and demand
 considerations, both domestically and internationally. In
 addition, increased oil prices affect key components of the raw
 material prices in our products. Significant increases in the
 prices of cotton and oil could adversely affect the raw material
 prices in our products (e.g., 100 polyester fill, polyester
 fabrics, PE, PEVA and packaging).

The
 Company s inability to anticipate and respond to
 consumers tastes and preferences could adversely affect
 the Company s revenues. 

Sales are driven by consumer demand for the Company s
 products. There can be no assurance that the demand for the
 Company s products will not decline or that the Company
 will be able to anticipate and respond to changes in demand. The
 Company s failure to adapt to these changes could lead to
 lower sales and excess inventory, which could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and
 operating results.

The
 Company s success is dependent upon retaining key
 management personnel. 

The Company s ability to retain qualified executive
 management and other key personnel is vital to the
 Company s success. If the Company were unable to retain or
 attract qualified individuals, the Company s growth and
 operating results could be materially impacted.

The
 Company s business is impacted by general economic
 conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which
 the Company operates. 

Current economic conditions, including the credit crisis
 affecting global financial markets and the possibility of an
 extended global recession, could adversely impact the
 Company s business. These conditions could result in
 reduced demand for some of the Company s products,
 increased order cancellations and returns, an increased risk of
 excess and obsolete inventories and increased pressure on the
 prices of the Company s products. Also, although the
 Company s use of a commercial factor significantly reduces
 the risk associated with collecting accounts receivable, the
 factor may at any time terminate or limit its approval of
 shipments to a particular customer, and the likelihood of the
 factor doing so may increase as a result of current economic
 conditions. Such an action by the factor would result in the
 loss of future sales to the affected customer.

Currency
 exchange rate fluctuations and other supplier-related risks
 could increase the Company s expenses. 

The Company s products are manufactured by foreign contract
 manufacturers, with the largest concentration being in China.
 Difficulties encountered by these suppliers, such as fire,
 accident, natural disasters, outbreaks of contagious diseases or
 economic and political instability could halt or disrupt
 production of the Company s products. Also, the prices paid
 by the Company to these suppliers could increase if raw
 materials, labor or other costs increase. In addition,
 restrictive actions by foreign governments, a strengthening of
 the Chinese currency versus the U.S. dollar or changes in
 import duties or import or export restrictions could increase
 the prices at which

6

Table of Contents 

the Company purchases finished goods. If the Company is unable
 to pass these cost increases along to its customers,
 profitability could be adversely affected.

Changes
 in international trade regulations and other risks associated
 with foreign trade could adversely affect the Company s
 sourcing. 

The Company sources its products primarily from foreign contract
 manufacturers, with the largest concentration being in China.
 The adoption of regulations related to the importation of
 product, including quotas, duties, taxes and other charges or
 restrictions on imported goods, and changes in U.S. customs
 procedures could result in an increase in the cost of the
 Company s products. Delays in customs clearance of goods or
 the disruption of international transportation lines used by the
 Company could result in the Company being unable to deliver
 goods to customers in a timely manner or the potential loss of
 sales altogether.

The
 Company s ability to comply with its financing agreement is
 subject to future performance and other factors. 

The Company s ability to make scheduled payments of
 principal, to pay the interest on or to refinance its maturing
 indebtedness, to fund capital expenditures or to comply with its
 debt covenants will depend upon future performance. The
 Company s future performance is, to a certain extent,
 subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
 legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond its control.
 The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default
 under the Company s financing agreement. Upon the
 occurrence of an event of default, the Company s lenders
 could declare all amounts outstanding under such credit
 facilities to be immediately due and payable. If a default were
 to occur, there can be no assurance that the Company s
 assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness.

The
 Company s debt covenants may affect its liquidity or limit
 its ability to pursue acquisitions, incur debt, make
 investments, sell assets or complete other significant
 transactions. 

The Company s financing agreement contains usual and
 customary covenants regarding significant transactions,
 including restrictions on other indebtedness, liens, transfers
 of assets, investments and acquisitions, merger or consolidation
 transactions, transactions with affiliates and changes in or
 amendments to the organizational documents for the Company and
 its subsidiaries. Unless waived by the Company s primary
 lender, these covenants could limit the Company s ability
 to pursue opportunities to expand its business operations,
 respond to changes in business and economic conditions and
 obtain additional financing, or otherwise engage in transactions
 that the Company considers beneficial.

The
 strength of the Company s competitors may impact the
 Company s ability to maintain and grow its sales, which
 could decrease the Company s revenues. 

The infant and toddler consumer products industry is highly
 competitive. The Company competes with a variety of distributors
 and manufacturers, both branded and private label. The
 Company s ability to compete successfully depends
 principally on styling, price, service to the retailer and
 continued high regard for the Company s products and trade
 names. Several of these competitors are larger than the Company
 and have greater financial resources than the Company. Increased
 competition could result in a material decrease in the
 Company s revenues.

Recalls
 or product liability claims could increase costs or reduce
 sales. 

The Company must comply with the Consumer Product Safety
 Improvement Act of 2008, which imposes strict standards to
 protect children from potentially harmful products and which
 requires that the Company s products be tested to ensure
 that they are within acceptable levels for lead and phthalates.
 The Company must also comply with related regulations developed
 by the Consumer Product Safety Commission and similar state
 regulatory authorities. The Company s products could be
 subject to involuntary recalls and other actions by these
 authorities, and concerns about product safety may lead the
 Company to voluntarily recall, accept returns or discontinue the
 sale of selected products. Product liability claims could exceed
 or fall outside the scope of the Company s insurance
 coverage. Recalls or product liability claims could result in
 decreased consumer demand for the Company s products,
 damage

7

Table of Contents 

to the Company s reputation, a diversion of
 management s attention from its business, and increased
 customer service and support costs, any or all of which could
 adversely affect the Company s operating results.

Customer
 pricing pressures could result in lower selling prices, which
 could negatively affect the Company s operating
 results. 

The Company s customers could place pressure on the Company
 to reduce the prices of its products. The Company continuously
 strives to stay ahead of its competition in sourcing, which
 allows the Company to obtain lower cost products while
 maintaining high standards for quality. There can be no
 assurance that the Company could respond to a decrease in sales
 prices by proportionately reducing its costs, which could
 adversely affect the Company s operating results.

A
 stockholder could lose all or a portion of his investment in the
 Company. 

The Company s common stock has historically experienced a
 degree of price variability, and the price could be subject to
 rapid and substantial fluctuations. The Company s common
 stock has also historically been thinly traded, a circumstance
 that exists when there is a relatively small volume of buy and
 sell orders for the Company s common stock at any given
 point in time. In such situations, a stockholder may be unable
 to liquidate his position in the Company s common stock at
 the desired price. Also, as an equity investment, a
 stockholder s investment in the Company is subordinate to
 the interests of the Company s creditors, and a stockholder
 could lose all or a substantial portion of his investment in the
 Company in the event of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy
 filing.

ITEM 2. 

Properties 

The Company s headquarters are located in Gonzales,
 Louisiana. The Company rents approximately 17,761 square
 feet at this location under a lease that expires
 January 31, 2012. Management believes that its properties
 are suitable for the purposes for which they are used, are in
 generally good condition and provide adequate capacity for
 current and anticipated future operations. The Company s
 business is somewhat seasonal so that during certain times of
 the year these facilities are fully utilized, while at other
 times of the year the Company has excess capacity in these
 facilities. The following table summarizes certain information
 regarding the Company s principal real property as of
 June 11, 2010:

Approximate 

Owned/ 

Location 

Use 

Square Feet 

Leased 

Gonzales, Louisiana

Administrative and sales office

17,761

Leased

Berea, Kentucky( 

Vacant

53,056

Owned

Compton, California

Offices, warehouse and distribution center

157,400

Leased

Compton, California

Warehouse and distribution center

35,217

Leased

Rogers, Arkansas

Sales office

1,625

Leased

Shanghai, People s Republic of China

Office

1,550

Leased

This property is classified as held for sale in the
 Company s consolidated balance sheet (see
 Business in Item 1). 

ITEM 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal
 proceedings relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of
 its business. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is
 a party to any such legal proceeding the outcome of which,
 individually or in the aggregate, is expected to have a material
 adverse effect on the Company s financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows.

8

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Description
 of Securities 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 75,000,000 shares
 of capital stock, 74,000,000 of which are classified as common
 stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 1,000,000 of which are
 classified as preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. On
 June 7, 2010, there were 9,254,986 shares of the
 Company s Series A common stock issued and
 outstanding. No shares of the Company s preferred stock or
 any other series of common stock have been issued.

Market
 Information and Price 

The Company s common stock (together with the associated
 common share purchase rights) is traded on the NASDAQ Capital
 Market under the symbol CRWS . On June 7, 2010,
 the closing stock price of the Company s common stock was
 3.98 per share. The following table presents quarterly
 information on the range of the high and low closing price per
 share of the Company s common stock for fiscal years 2010
 and 2009.

Quarter 

High 

Low 

Fiscal Year 2010 

First Quarter

2.25

1.86

Second Quarter

3.27

2.65

Third Quarter

3.45

2.50

Fourth Quarter

3.50

2.56

Fiscal Year 2009 

First Quarter

4.08

3.23

Second Quarter

3.97

3.29

Third Quarter

3.35

2.15

Fourth Quarter

2.65

1.77

Holders
 of Common Stock 

As of June 7, 2010, there were approximately 310 registered
 holders of the Company s Series A common stock.

Dividends 

The Company did not declare any dividends during the fiscal year
 ended March 29, 2009, and had not previously paid a
 dividend since December 26, 1999. On February 9, 2010,
 the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash
 dividend on the Company s common stock of 0.02 per share
 to stockholders of record at the close of business on
 March 12, 2010 and payable on April 2, 2010. The
 dividend payout of 184,000 was within the limitations of the
 Company s credit facility, which at the time permitted the
 Company to declare cash dividends on its common stock of up to
 500,000.

9

Table of Contents 

Securities
 Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
 Plans 

The following table sets forth information regarding shares of
 the Company s common stock that may be issued upon the
 exercise of options, warrants and other rights granted to
 employees, consultants or directors under all of the
 Company s existing equity compensation plans as of
 March 28, 2010.

Number of 

Securities to be 

Number of 

Issued Upon 

Weighted-Average 

Securities 

Exercise of 

Exercise Price of 

Remaining Available 

Outstanding 

Outstanding 

for Future Issuance 

Options, Warrants 

Options, Warrants 

Under Equity 

Plan Category 

and Rights 

and Rights 

Compensation Plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2006 Omnibus Incentive Plan

686,000

3.39

800,000

ITEM 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

The following discussion is a summary of certain factors that
 management considers important in reviewing the Company s
 results of operations, liquidity, capital resources and
 operating results. This discussion should be read in conjunction
 with the consolidated financial statements and related notes
 included elsewhere in this report.

Results
 of Operations 

The following table contains results of operations for fiscal
 years 2010 and 2009 and the dollar and percentage changes for
 those periods (in thousands, except percentages).

2010 

2009 

Change 

Change 

Net sales by category

Bedding, blankets and accessories

66,378

71,892

(5,514

(7.7

Bibs, bath and disposable products

19,688

15,506

4,182

27.0

Total net sales

86,066

87,398

(1,332

(1.5

Cost of products sold

65,837

68,488

(2,651

(3.9

Gross profit

20,229

18,910

1,319

7.0

of net sales 

23.5 

21.6 

Marketing and administrative expenses

11,469

10,954

515

4.7

of net sales 

13.3 

12.5 

Goodwill impairment charge

22,884

(22,884

(100.0

Interest expense

692

1,089

(397

(36.5

Other income (expense)

(63

108

(171

(158.3

Income tax expense

3,103

1,133

1,970

173.9

Income (loss) from continuing operations after taxes

4,902

(17,042

21,944

(128.8

Discontinued operations net of taxes

(122

(44

(78

177.3

Net income (loss)

4,780

(17,086

21,866

(128.0

of net sales 

5.6 

(19.5 

Net Sales: Sales of bedding, blankets and
 accessories decreased in fiscal year 2010 as compared to the
 prior year. Sales increased by 20.6 million due to
 shipments of new bedding and blanket programs. These increases
 were offset by 20.5 million in discontinued programs and
 5.6 million in lower replenishment orders.

Sales of bib, bath and disposable products increased in fiscal
 year 2010 as compared to the prior year. Sales increased by
 4.9 million due to sales of new designs and promotions and
 higher replenishment orders. Sales also increased by
 3.5 million due to the Company s acquisition of
 substantially all of the assets of Neat Solutions, Inc. on
 July 2, 2009 (the Neat Solutions Acquisition ).
 Offsetting these increases was a decrease of 4.2 million
 due to programs that were discontinued and lower initial program
 shipments.

10

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit: Gross profit increased in amount
 and also increased as a percentage of net sales for fiscal year
 2010 as compared to fiscal year 2009. The increase in the
 percentage is due primarily to decreased amortization costs of
 344,000 and the absence in the current year of 243,000 in
 charges incurred in the prior year related to transitioning away
 from the Company s warehousing and shared services
 agreement, all of which were associated with the Company s
 acquisition of the baby products line of Springs Global US, Inc.
 on November 5, 2007. Also, the Company in the current year
 has incurred decreased product development costs of 199,000 and
 decreased costs of 73,000 to operate the Company s Foreign
 Representative Office in China, offset by a 187,000 increase in
 testing costs and increased amortization of 42,000 associated
 with the Neat Solutions Acquisition.

Marketing and Administrative
 Expenses: Marketing and administrative expenses
 for fiscal year 2010 increased in amount and as a percentage of
 net sales as compared to fiscal year 2009. In the current year,
 the Company incurred 667,000 of costs related to the Neat
 Solutions Acquisition and related integration. The Company has
 also incurred increased advertising costs and factoring fees of
 166,000 and 268,000, respectively, in the current year as
 compared to the prior year. These increases were offset by the
 absence in the current year of 195,000 of costs incurred in the
 prior year that were associated with the governance and
 standstill agreement entered into on July 1, 2008 with
 Wynnefield Small Cap Value, L.P. and its affiliates.

Goodwill Impairment Charge: The market
 capitalization of the Company was below its net book value for
 most of the second half of fiscal year 2009, which the Company
 concluded was a triggering event that required the Company to
 perform an interim impairment test of the goodwill of its
 reporting units. As a result of step one of this interim
 impairment test, the Company concluded that the fair values of
 its two reporting units were below their carrying values,
 indicating that the goodwill within these reporting units had
 been impaired. In step two of the interim impairment test, the
 goodwill of the reporting units was determined to have no
 implied value. Accordingly, during fiscal year 2009, the Company
 recorded a pre-tax charge of 22.9 million, which
 represented the aggregate carrying value of the goodwill of the
 Company s reporting units. This impairment charge did not
 result in any cash expenditures, did not have an adverse effect
 on the Company s compliance with the covenants under its
 financing agreement and did not affect the Company s
 financial availability under its revolving line of credit.

Interest Expense: The decrease in interest
 expense for fiscal year 2010 as compared to fiscal year 2009 is
 due to lower variable rates and lower average balances on the
 Company s term loan and revolving line of credit.

Management does not believe that inflation has had a material
 effect on the Company s operations. The Company has
 traditionally attempted to increase its prices to offset
 inflation. There is no assurance, however, that the Company will
 be able to adequately increase its prices in response to
 inflation.

Known
 Trends and Uncertainties 

The Company s financial results are closely tied to the
 sales to the Company s top two customers, which represented
 approximately 64 of the Company s gross sales in fiscal
 year 2010. These customers have been experiencing the impact of
 a significant economic downturn, which is restricting the
 Company s opportunities for growth with respect to these
 customers. Should economic conditions not improve or further
 deteriorate, the Company could experience continued revenue
 pressure. The Company s financial results are also closely
 tied to the sales of licensed products, which represented 51 of
 the Company s gross sales in both fiscal years 2010 and
 2009. The Company s current infant and toddler license
 agreements with Disney expire December 31, 2010 and
 December 31, 2011, respectively. The Company could
 experience a material loss of revenues if it is unable to renew
 these license agreements or its other major license agreements
 or obtain new licenses. For a further discussion of trends,
 uncertainties and other factors that could impact the
 Company s operating results, see Risk Factors 
 in Item 1A.

Financial
 Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 10.5 million
 for the year ended March 28, 2010, compared to
 8.4 million for the year ended March 29, 2009. The
 change in cash provided by operating activities was primarily
 due to changes in accounts receivable and deferred income taxes,
 offset by changes in accounts payable.

11

Table of Contents 

Net cash used in investing activities was 5.1 million in
 fiscal year 2010 compared 0.3 million in the prior year.
 Cash used in investing activities in the current year was
 primarily associated with the Neat Solutions Acquisition.

Net cash used in financing activities was 20.6 million in
 the current year compared to 0.8 million in the prior
 year. The increase in cash used in financing activities was
 primarily due to net repayments under the Company s
 revolving line of credit.

Total debt outstanding under the Company s credit
 facilities before the reduction for the original issue discount
 on the non-interest bearing notes decreased from
 25.7 million at March 29, 2009 to 5.4 million
 at March 28, 2010. The decrease is due to net repayments on
 the Company s revolving line of credit from available cash
 balances and operating cash flow and from payments on the
 Company s term loan from operating cash flow.

The Company s daily cash needs are provided by a revolving
 line of credit under a financing agreement with The CIT
 Group/Commercial Services, Inc. CIT ), a subsidiary
 of CIT Group Inc. The Company had previously built up its cash
 reserves in order to preserve the Company s ability to meet
 its working capital needs in the event that CIT should suffer an
 adverse liquidity event that would jeopardize the Company s
 ability to draw upon its revolving line of credit. On
 November 1, 2009, CIT Group Inc. and CIT Group Funding
 Company of Delaware LLC (collectively, the CIT Holding
 Companies each filed voluntary petitions for relief under
 Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The filings
 were made pursuant to a prepackaged plan of reorganization (the
 Plan which was approved by a majority of the
 holders of debt securities of the CIT Holding Companies. The
 Plan was confirmed by the bankruptcy court on December 8,
 2009. The Company, believing that the emergence of the CIT
 Holding Companies from bankruptcy, their restructured balance
 sheet and deferral of their required debt maturities for three
 years would make the possibility of an adverse liquidity event
 for CIT less likely, repaid 12.0 million to CIT under the
 revolving line of credit on December 16, 2009.

The Company s ability to make scheduled payments of
 principal, to pay the interest on its maturing indebtedness, to
 fund capital expenditures or to comply with its debt covenants
 will depend upon future performance. The Company s future
 performance is, to a certain extent, subject to general
 economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and
 other factors beyond its control. Based upon the current level
 of operations, the Company believes that its cash flow from
 operations and availability on its revolving line of credit will
 be adequate to meet its liquidity needs.

At March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, the
 Company s long-term debt consisted of the following
 (in thousands):

March 28, 

March 29, 

2010 

2009 

Revolving line of credit

1,422

20,062

Term loan

1,667

Non-interest bearing notes

4,000

4,000

Original issue discount

(232

(494

5,190

25,235

Less current maturities

1,952

1,667

3,238

23,568

The Company s credit facilities at March 28, 2010
 consisted of the following:

Revolving Line of Credit under a financing agreement with
 CIT of up to 26.0 million, including a 1.5 million
 sub-limit 
 for letters of credit, with an interest rate of prime minus
 1.00 (2.25 at March 28, 2010) for base rate
 borrowings or LIBOR plus 2.25 (2.48 at March 28, 2010),
 maturing on July 11, 2013 and secured by a first lien on
 all assets of the Company. At March 28, 2010, there was a
 balance due on the revolving line of credit of
 1.4 million, there were no letters of credit outstanding
 against the 1.5 million
 sub-limit 
 for letters of credit and the Company had 20.6 million
 available under the revolving line of credit based on eligible
 accounts receivable and inventory balances.

12

Table of Contents 

The financing agreement contains usual and customary covenants
 for agreements of that type, including limitations on other
 indebtedness, liens, transfers of assets, investments and
 acquisitions, merger or consolidation transactions, dividends,
 transactions with affiliates and changes in or amendments to the
 organizational documents for the Company and its subsidiaries.
 The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of
 March 28, 2010.

Subordinated Notes of 4.0 million. The notes do not
 bear interest and are due in two equal installments of
 2.0 million each, the first of which is payable on
 July 11, 2010, and the second of which is payable on
 July 11, 2011. The original issue discount of
 1.1 million on this non-interest bearing obligation at a
 market interest rate of 7.25 is being amortized over the life
 of the notes. The remaining unamortized balance of 232,000 is
 included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of
 March 28, 2010.

Annual maturities of the Company s credit facilities are as
 follows (in thousands):

Fiscal 

Year 

Revolver 

Sub Notes 

Total 

2011

2,000

2,000

2012

2,000

2,000

2013

2014

1,422

1,422

Total

1,422

4,000

5,422

To reduce its exposure to credit losses and to enhance the
 predictability of its cash flow, the Company assigns the
 majority of its trade accounts receivable to CIT pursuant to
 factoring agreements. CIT approves customer accounts and credit
 lines and collects the Company s accounts receivable
 balances. Under the terms of the factoring agreements, which
 expire on July 11, 2013, CIT remits payments to the Company
 on the average due date of each group of invoices assigned. If a
 customer fails to pay CIT by the due date, the Company is
 charged interest at prime minus 1.0 , which was 2.25 at
 March 28, 2010, until payment is received. During fiscal
 years 2010 and 2009, the Company incurred interest expense of
 67,000 and 106,000, respectively, as a result of the failure
 of the Company s customers to pay CIT by the due date. CIT
 bears credit losses with respect to assigned accounts receivable
 from approved customers that are within approved credit limits.
 The Company bears the responsibility for adjustments from
 customers related to returns, allowances, claims and discounts.
 CIT may at any time terminate or limit its approval of shipments
 to a particular customer. If such a termination were to occur,
 the Company must either assume the credit risks for shipments
 after the date of such termination or cease shipments to such
 customer.

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The listing below, while not inclusive of all of the
 Company s accounting policies, sets forth those accounting
 policies which the Company s management believes embody the
 most significant judgments due to the uncertainties affecting
 their application and the likelihood that materially different
 amounts would be reported under different conditions or using
 different assumptions.

Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial
 statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
 the consolidated balance sheets and the reported amounts of
 revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant
 estimates are made with respect to the allowances related to
 accounts receivable for customer deductions for returns,
 allowances and disputes. The Company also has a certain amount
 of discontinued finished goods which necessitates the
 establishment of inventory reserves that are highly subjective.
 Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition: Sales are recorded when
 goods are shipped to customers and are reported net of
 allowances for estimated returns and allowances in the
 consolidated statements of income. Allowances for returns are
 estimated based on historical rates. Allowances for returns,
 advertising allowances, warehouse allowances and volume rebates
 are recorded commensurate with sales activity and the cost of
 such allowances is netted against sales

13

Table of Contents 

in reporting the results of operations. Shipping and handling
 costs, net of amounts reimbursed by customers, are not material
 and are included in net sales.

Allowances Against Accounts Receivable: The
 Company s allowances against accounts receivable are
 primarily contractually
 agreed-upon 
 deductions for items such as advertising and warehouse
 allowances and volume rebates. These deductions are recorded
 throughout the year commensurate with sales activity. Funding of
 the majority of the Company s allowances occurs on a
 per-invoice basis. The allowances for customer deductions, which
 are netted against accounts receivable in the consolidated
 balance sheets, consist of agreed upon advertising support,
 markdowns and warehouse and other allowances. All such
 allowances are recorded as direct offsets to sales and such
 costs are accrued commensurate with sales activities. When a
 customer requests deductions, the allowances are reduced to
 reflect such payments. The Company analyzes the components of
 the allowances for customer deductions monthly and adjusts the
 allowances to the appropriate levels. The timing of the customer
 initiated funding requests for advertising support can cause the
 net balance in the allowance account to fluctuate from period to
 period. The timing of such funding requests should have no
 impact on the consolidated statements of income since such costs
 are accrued commensurate with sales activity.

The Company assigns the majority of its receivables with CIT
 pursuant to factoring agreements. In the event a factored
 receivable becomes uncollectible due to credit worthiness, CIT
 bears the risk of loss. The Company s management must make
 estimates of the uncollectiblity of its non-factored accounts
 receivable. Management specifically analyzes accounts
 receivable, historical bad debts, customer concentrations,
 customer creditworthiness, current economic trends and changes
 in its customers payment terms when evaluating the
 adequacy of its allowance for doubtful accounts. At
 March 28, 2010, the Company s accounts receivable
 amounted to 18.0 million, net of allowances of
 1.2 million. Of this amount, 17.6 million was due
 from CIT under the factoring agreements.

Depreciation and Amortization: The
 Company s consolidated balance sheets reflect property,
 plant and equipment, and certain intangible assets at cost less
 accumulated depreciation or amortization. The Company
 capitalizes additions and improvements and expenses maintenance
 and repairs as incurred. Depreciation and amortization are
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
 useful lives of the assets, which are three to eight years for
 property, plant and equipment, and one to sixteen years for
 intangible assets other than goodwill. The Company amortizes
 improvements to its leased facilities over the term of the lease
 or the estimated useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter.

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets, Identifiable Intangible
 Assets and Goodwill: In addition to the
 depreciation and amortization procedures set forth above, the
 Company reviews for impairment long-lived assets and certain
 identifiable intangible assets whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any asset may
 not be recoverable. In the event of impairment, the asset is
 written down to its fair market value. Assets to be disposed of,
 if any, are recorded at the lower of net book value or fair
 market value, less estimated costs to sell at the date
 management commits to a plan of disposal, and are classified as
 assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company tests the carrying value of its goodwill annually
 and sooner if facts and circumstances suggest that the goodwill
 has been impaired. The Company reported no goodwill at
 March 30, 2009, and, as a result, the annual impairment
 test was not required.

Royalty Payments: The Company has entered into
 agreements that provide for royalty payments based on a
 percentage of sales with certain minimum guaranteed amounts.
 These royalty amounts are accrued based upon historical sales
 rates adjusted for current sales trends by customers. Total
 royalty expense included in cost of sales amounted to
 7.0 million and 6.9 million for fiscal years 2010
 and 2009, respectively.

Inventory Valuation: The preparation of the
 Company s financial statements requires careful
 determination of the appropriate dollar amount of the
 Company s inventory balances. Such amount is presented as a
 current asset in the Company s consolidated balance sheets
 and is a direct determinant of cost of goods sold in the
 consolidated statements of income and, therefore, has a
 significant impact on the amount of net income reported in an
 accounting period. The basis of accounting for inventories is
 cost, which is the sum of expenditures and charges, both direct
 and indirect, incurred to acquire inventory, bring it to a
 condition suitable for sale, and store it until it is sold. Once
 cost has been determined, the Company s inventory is then
 stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined

14

Table of Contents 

using the
 first-in, 
 first-out FIFO method, which assumes that
 inventory quantities are sold in the order in which they are
 acquired. The determination of the indirect charges and their
 allocation to the Company s finished goods inventories is
 complex and requires significant management judgment and
 estimates. Differences would result in the valuation of the
 Company s inventories and in the amount and timing of the
 Company s cost of goods sold and resulting net income for
 any period if management made different judgments or utilized
 different estimates.

On a periodic basis, management reviews its inventory quantities
 on hand for obsolescence, physical deterioration, changes in
 price levels and the existence of quantities on hand which may
 not reasonably be expected to be sold within the normal
 operating cycle of the Company s operations. To the extent
 that any of these conditions is believed to exist or the market
 value of the inventory expected to be realized in the ordinary
 course of business is otherwise no longer as great as its
 carrying value, an allowance against the inventory value is
 established. To the extent that this allowance is established or
 increased during an accounting period, an expense is recorded in
 cost of goods sold in the Company s consolidated statements
 of income. Only when inventory for which an allowance has been
 established is later sold or is otherwise disposed is the
 allowance reduced accordingly. Significant management judgment
 is required in determining the amount and adequacy of this
 allowance. In the event that actual results differ from
 management s estimates or these estimates and judgments are
 revised in future periods, the Company may not fully realize the
 carrying value of its inventory or may need to establish
 additional allowances, either of which could materially impact
 the Company s financial position and results of operations.

Provisions for Income Taxes: The
 Company s provisions for income taxes include all currently
 payable federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are based
 upon the Company s taxable income and the change during the
 fiscal year in net deferred income tax assets and liabilities.
 The Company provides for deferred income taxes based on the
 difference between the financial statement and tax bases of
 assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in
 effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company
 recognizes the effect that changes in tax rates will have on net
 deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period that
 the tax rates are changed.

The Company s provision for income taxes on continuing
 operations is based upon an effective tax rate, excluding the
 effect of the goodwill impairment charge, of 38.8 and 39.4 in
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009, respectively. These effective tax
 rates are the sum of the top U.S. statutory federal income
 tax rate and a composite rate for state income taxes (net of
 federal tax benefit) in the various states in which the Company
 operates.

The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only
 if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained.
 Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest
 amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized.
 Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the
 period in which the change in judgment occurs. Based on its
 recent evaluation, the Company has concluded that there are no
 significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the
 Company s consolidated financial statements. Tax years
 still open to federal or state general examination or other
 adjustment as of March 28, 2010 include tax years ended
 April 2, 2006, April 1, 2007, March 30, 2008,
 March 29, 2009 and March 28, 2010. The Company s
 policy is to accrue interest expense and penalties as
 appropriate on any estimated unrecognized tax benefits as a
 charge to interest expense in the Company s consolidated
 statements of income.

Recently-Issued
 Accounting Standards 

In June 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards SFAS No. 168, The FASB
 Accounting Standards Codification and The Hierarchy of Generally
 Accepted Accounting Principles, which established the FASB
 Accounting Standards Codification (the FASB ASC as
 the authoritative source for GAAP recognized by the FASB to be
 applied by nongovernmental entities. Under
 SFAS No. 168, effective for interim and annual periods
 ending after September 15, 2009, specific references to
 GAAP must be to the Topics contained within the FASB ASC.
 SFAS No. 168 was codified as FASB ASC Topic 105,
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles , and also
 provides that rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under
 the authority of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act are
 also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants.

The FASB will now revise GAAP by issuing an Accounting Standards
 Update ASU to the FASB ASC. An ASU will not be
 considered as authoritative in its own right, but will serve
 only to update the FASB ASC, provide background information
 about the guidance and provide the basis for conclusion on the
 change in the FASB ASC.

15

Table of Contents 

The Company s adoption on June 29, 2009 of FASB ASC
 Topic 105 did not impact the Company s consolidated
 financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair
 Value Measurement and Disclosures, which defines fair value,
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and
 expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements.
 This statement became effective for financial statements issued
 for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and for
 interim periods within those fiscal years. In February 2008, the
 FASB delayed the effective date of FASB ASC Topic 820 for
 non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except for
 items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
 financial statements on a recurring basis, to fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company s
 adoption on March 29, 2009 of FASB ASC Topic 820 did not
 materially impact the Company s consolidated financial
 statements.

On January 21, 2010, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2010-06, 
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820):
 Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements . This
 ASU requires new disclosures and clarifies existing disclosure
 requirements about fair value measurement as set forth in FASB
 ASC Topic
 820-10, and
 generally became effective for interim and annual reporting
 periods beginning after December 15, 2009. The
 Company s adoption of ASU
 No. 2010-06 
 on December 28, 2009 did not materially impact the
 Company s consolidated financial statements.

In February 2007, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 825,
 Financial Instruments . This standard provides companies
 with an option to report selected financial assets and
 liabilities at fair value. FASB ASC Topic 825 became effective
 for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2007. Accordingly, on March 31, 2008, the
 Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 825. Upon
 adoption, the Company did not elect the fair value option for
 any items within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 825; therefore, the
 adoption of FASB ASC Topic 825 did not have an impact on the
 Company s consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic
 805-10-65-1, 
 which contains revisions to FASB ASC Topic 805, Business
 Combinations , and was to be applied prospectively to
 business combinations for which the acquisition date was on or
 after the beginning of the first annual reporting period
 beginning on or after December 15, 2008, and interim
 periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption was
 prohibited. FASB ASC Topic 805, as revised, establishes
 principles and requirements for the reporting entity in a
 business combination, including recognition and measurement in
 the financial statements of the identifiable assets acquired,
 the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the
 acquiree. This standard also establishes disclosure requirements
 to enable financial statement users to evaluate the nature and
 financial effects of the business combination. The
 Company s adoption of FASB ASC Topic 805, as revised, on
 March 30, 2009 resulted in the application of its
 provisions to the Neat Solutions Acquisition. Relative to this
 acquisition, the FASB ASC Topic 805 revisions impacted the
 Company s consolidated financial statements in that the
 Company was required to recognize as expense 195,000 of direct
 costs associated with the acquisition that would have previously
 been capitalized under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 805 in
 effect prior to its revision.

In May 2009, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 855, Subsequent
 Events , which establishes general standards of accounting
 for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet
 date but before financial statements are issued or are available
 to be issued. FASB ASC Topic 855 became effective for interim
 and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 and was to be
 applied prospectively. This standard originally required the
 Company to disclose the date through which subsequent events
 have been evaluated, which was intended to provide guidance to
 readers of the Company s financial statements that the
 Company has not evaluated subsequent events after that date.
 However, on February 24, 2010, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2010-09, 
 Subsequent Events (Topic 855): Amendments to Certain
 Recognition and Disclosure Requirements , which became
 effective upon issuance and which removed the requirement for an
 SEC registrant to disclose the date through which subsequent
 events have been evaluated. The Company s adoption of FASB
 ASC Topic 855 on March 30, 2009 and the adoption of ASU
 No. 2010-09 
 on February 24, 2010 did not impact the Company s
 consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

See pages 18 and F-1 through F-19 hereof.

16

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A(T). 

Controls
 and Procedures 

Disclosure
 Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that
 information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or
 submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time period specified in the
 SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
 include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
 ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
 filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
 management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
 regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period
 covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation,
 under the supervision and with the participation of the
 Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
 and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and
 procedures. Based upon and as of the date of that evaluation,
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
 procedures are effective.

Management s
 Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
 Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing
 and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
 reporting (as such term is defined in
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f) 
 under the Exchange Act) for the Company. With the participation
 of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer,
 management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
 and the criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this
 evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over
 financial reporting was effective as of March 28, 2010.

The Company s internal control system was designed to
 provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management
 and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial
 statements in accordance with GAAP. All internal control
 systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
 Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
 provide only a reasonable, rather than absolute, assurance that
 the Company s financial statements are free of any material
 misstatement, whether caused by error or fraud.

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the
 Company s registered public accounting firm regarding
 internal control over financial reporting. Management s
 report was not subject to attestation by the Company s
 registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of
 the SEC that permit the Company to provide only
 management s report in this annual report.

Changes
 in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management, with the participation of the
 Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, conducted an evaluation of the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting as required by
 Rule 13a-15(d) 
 under the Exchange Act and, in connection with such evaluation,
 determined that no changes occurred during the Company s
 fourth fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2010 that have
 materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting.

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information with respect to the Company s directors and
 executive officers will be set forth in the Company s Proxy
 Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in
 2010 (the Proxy Statement under the captions
 Election of Directors and Executive
 Officers and is incorporated herein by reference. The
 information with respect to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the caption
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
 Compliance and is incorporated herein by reference. The
 information with respect to Item 406 of
 Regulation S-K 
 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the caption

17

Table of Contents 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and is
 incorporated herein by reference. The information with respect
 to Item 407 of
 Regulation S-K 
 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions
 Board Committees and Meetings and Report of
 the Audit Committee and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

ITEM 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The information set forth under the caption Executive
 Compensation in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein
 by reference.

ITEM 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

The information set forth under the caption Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in
 the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

The information set forth under the caption Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions in the Proxy
 Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

The information set forth under the captions Audit
 Fees, Audit-Related Fees, Tax
 Fees, All Other Fees, and Pre-Approval
 Policies and Procedures in the Proxy Statement is
 incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1).
 Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements of the Company
 are filed with this report and included in Part II,
 Item 8:

- Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

- Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 28, 2010 and March 29,
 2009

- Consolidated Statements of Income for the Fiscal Years Ended
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009

-

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity
 for the Fiscal Years Ended March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009

- Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years
 Ended March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009

- Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a)(2).
 Financial Statement Schedule 

The following financial statement schedule of the Company is
 filed with this report:

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Page 19

All other schedules not listed above have been omitted because
 they are not applicable, or the required information is included
 in the financial statements or notes thereto.

18

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 

CROWN
 CRAFTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ANNUAL
 REPORT ON
 FORM 10-K 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

Column A 

Column B 

Column C 

Column D 

Column E 

Balance at 

Charged to 

Balance at 

Beginning 

(Reversed from) 

End of 

of Period 

Expenses(1) 

Deductions(2) 

Period 

(In thousands) 

Accounts Receivable Valuation Accounts: 

Year Ended March 29, 2009 

Allowance for doubtful accounts

4

(5

1

0

Allowance for customer deductions

1,264

5,002

4,685

1,581

Year Ended March 28, 2010 

Allowance for doubtful accounts

0

20

16

4

Allowance for customer deductions

1,581

5,970

6,317

1,234

(1) 

Charge to the allowance for doubtful accounts for fiscal year
 2010 represents the allowance recorded in connection with the
 Neat Solutions Acquisition. 

(2) 

Deductions from the allowance for doubtful accounts represent
 the amount of accounts written off reduced by any subsequent
 recoveries. 

19

Table of Contents 

(a)(3).
 Exhibits 

Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of SEC
 Regulation S-K 
 are included as Exhibits to this report as follows:

Exhibit 

Number 

Description of Exhibits 

2

.1

Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of July 2, 2009 by and among
 Hamco, Inc., Neat Solutions, Inc. and each of the shareholders
 of Neat Solutions, Inc.(15)

2

.2

Purchase Agreement for Bibsters Intellectual Property dated as
 of May 27, 2010 by and between Hamco, Inc. and The Procter
 Gamble Company.(18)

3

.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
 Company.(3)

3

.2

Bylaws of the Company.(3)

4

.1

Instruments defining the rights of security holders are
 contained in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of the Company.(3)

4

.2

Instruments defining the rights of security holders are
 contained in the Bylaws of the Company(3)

4

.3

Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of August 6, 2003
 between the Company and SunTrust Bank, as Rights Agent,
 including the Form of Right Certificate (Exhibit A) and the
 Summary of Rights to Purchase Common Shares (Exhibit B).(2)

4

.4

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated
 as of July 12, 2006 between the Company and Computershare
 Investor Services, LLC.(5)

4

.5

Crown Crafts, Inc. 2006 Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended
 August 11, 2009).(14)

4

.6

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement.(6)

4

.7

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Employees).(6)

4

.8

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Directors).(6)

4

.9

Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (Form A).(6)

4

.10

Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (Form B).(6)

4

.11

Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated
 as of August 30, 2006 between the Company and Computershare
 Investor Services, LLC.(7)

4

.12

Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated
 as of April 14, 2009 between the Company and Computershare Trust
 Company, N.A.(13)

10

.1

Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2001 by and between the
 Company and E. Randall Chestnut.(1)

10

.2

Amended and Restated Severance Protection Agreement dated April
 20, 2004 by and between the Company and E. Randall Chestnut.(4)

10

.3

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated April 20, 2004
 by and between the Company and Amy Vidrine Samson.(4)

10

.4

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated April 20, 2004
 by and between the Company and Nanci Freeman.(4)

10

.5

Financing Agreement dated as of July 11, 2006 by and among the
 Company, Churchill Weavers, Inc., Hamco, Inc., Crown Crafts
 Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT Group/Commercial Services,
 Inc.(5)

10

.6

Stock Pledge Agreement dated as of July 11, 2006 by and among
 the Company, Churchill Weavers, Inc., Hamco, Inc., Crown Crafts
 Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT Group/Commercial Services,
 Inc.(5)

10

.7

Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Fixture Filing and
 Security Agreement dated July 11, 2006 from Churchill Weavers,
 Inc. to The CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(5)

10

.8

Secured Subordinated Promissory Note dated July 11, 2006 issued
 by the Company to Wachovia Bank, National Association.(5)

10

.9

Secured Subordinated Promissory Note dated July 11, 2006 issued
 by the Company to Banc of America Strategic Solutions, Inc.(5)

10

.10

Secured Subordinated Promissory Note dated July 11, 2006 issued
 by the Company to The Prudential Insurance Company of
 America.(5)

20

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description of Exhibits 

10

.11

Security Agreement dated as of July
 11, 2006 by and among the Company, Churchill Weavers, Inc.,
 Hamco, Inc., Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc. and Wachovia
 Bank, National Association, as Agent.(5)

10

.12

Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Fixture Filing and
 Security Agreement dated July 11, 2006 from Churchill Weavers,
 Inc. to Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Agent.(5)

10

.13

Noncompetition and Non-Disclosure Agreement dated as of November
 5, 2007 by and between Springs Global US, Inc. and Crown Crafts
 Infant Products, Inc.(8)

10

.14

First Amendment to Financing Agreement dated as of November 5,
 2007 by and among Crown Crafts, Inc., Churchill Weavers, Inc.,
 Hamco, Inc., Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT
 Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(8)

10

.15

First Amendment to Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, and
 Security Agreement dated November 5, 2007 from Churchill
 Weavers, Inc. to The CIT Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(8)

10

.16

Letter Agreement dated as of January 29, 2008 between the
 Company and Wellington Management Company, LLP.(9)

10

.17

Governance and Standstill Agreement dated July 1, 2008 by and
 among Crown Crafts, Inc., Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value,
 L.P., Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I,
 Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value Offshore Fund, Ltd., Channel
 Partnership II, L.P., Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC,
 Wynnefield Capital, Inc., Nelson Obus and Joshua Landes.(10)

10

.18

Employment Agreement dated November 6, 2008 by and between the
 Company and Olivia W. Elliott(11)

10

.19

First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated November 6, 2008
 by and between the Company and E. Randall Chestnut.(12)

10

.20

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Severance Protection
 Agreement dated November 6, 2008 by and between the Company and
 E. Randall Chestnut.(12)

10

.21

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated November 6, 2008 by and between the Company and Amy
 Vidrine Samson.(12)

10

.22

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated November 6, 2008 by and between the Company and Nanci
 Freeman.(12)

10

.23

Third Amendment to Financing Agreement dated as of July 2, 2009
 by and among Crown Crafts, Inc., Churchill Weavers, Inc., Hamco,
 Inc., Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT
 Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(15)

10

.24

Fifth Amendment to Financing Agreement dated as of February 9,
 2010 by and among Crown Crafts, Inc., Churchill Weavers, Inc.,
 Hamco, Inc., Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT
 Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(16)

10

.25

Sixth Amendment to Financing Agreement dated as of March 5, 2010
 by and among Crown Crafts, Inc., Churchill Weavers, Inc., Hamco,
 Inc., Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT
 Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(17)

10

.26

Seventh Amendment to Financing Agreement dated as of May 27,
 2010 by and among Crown Crafts, Inc., Churchill Weavers, Inc.,
 Hamco, Inc., Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc. and The CIT
 Group/Commercial Services, Inc.(18)

14

.1

Code of Ethics.(4)

21

.1

Subsidiaries of the Company.(19)

23

.1

Consent of KPMG LLP.(19)

31

.1

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Company s
 Chief Executive Officer.(19)

31

.2

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Company s
 Chief Financial Officer.(19)

32

.1

Section 1350 Certification by the Company s Chief Executive
 Officer.(19)

32

.2

Section 1350 Certification by the Company s Chief Financial
 Officer.(19)

(1) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated July 23, 2001. 

(2) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s
 Registration Statement on
 Form 8-A/A 
 dated August 13, 2003. 

21

Table of Contents 

(3) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Quarterly
 Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarter ended December 28, 2003. 

(4) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2004. 

(5) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated July 17, 2006. 

(6) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 
 dated August 24, 2006. 

(7) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated August 30, 2006. 

(8) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated November 9, 2007. 

(9) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated January 29, 2008. 

(10) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated July 1, 2008. 

(11) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K/A 
 dated November 7, 2008. 

(12) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated November 7, 2008. 

(13) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated April 16, 2009. 

(14) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Proxy
 Statement on Schedule 14A dated July 3, 2009. 

(15) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated July 6, 2009. 

(16) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated February 10, 2010. 

(17) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated March 8, 2010. 

(18) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated May 27, 2010. 

(19) 

Filed herewith. 

22

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

CROWN CRAFTS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ E.
 Randall Chestnut

E. Randall Chestnut

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief 

Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated:

Signatures 

Title 

Date 

/s/ E.
 Randall Chestnut

E.
 Randall Chestnut

Chairman of the Board, 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
 Officer)

June 22, 2010

/s/ William
 T. Deyo, Jr.

William
 T. Deyo, Jr.

Director

June 22, 2010

/s/ Zenon
 S. Nie

Zenon
 S. Nie

Director

June 22, 2010

/s/ Donald
 Ratajczak

Donald
 Ratajczak

Director

June 22, 2010

/s/ Joseph
 Kling

Joseph
 Kling

Director

June 22, 2010

/s/ Frederick
 G. Wasserman

Frederick
 G. Wasserman

Director

June 22, 2010

/s/ Olivia
 W. Elliott

Olivia
 W. Elliott

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
 Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer)

June 22, 2010

23

ITEM 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Audited Financial Statements:

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 28,
 2010 and March 29, 2009 

F-2

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Fiscal
 Years Ended March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Shareholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 Fiscal Years Ended March 28, 2010 and March 29,
 2009 

F-5

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6

EX-21.1 
 EX-23.1 
 EX-31.1 
 EX-31.2 
 EX-32.1 
 EX-32.2 

24

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

Crown Crafts, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Crown Crafts, Inc. and subsidiaries as of March 28, 2010
 and March 29, 2009, and the related consolidated statements
 of income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows
 for the years then ended. In connection with our audits of the
 consolidated financial statements, we also have audited
 financial statement Schedule II included in Item 15.
 These consolidated financial statements and financial statement
 schedule are the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 consolidated financial statements and financial statement
 schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to
 have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
 control over financial reporting. Our audit included
 consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
 basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
 circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
 on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An
 audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
 supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
 statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
 the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
 our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of Crown Crafts, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, and the results of
 their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended,
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial
 statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
 consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents
 fairly in all material respects the information set forth
 therein.

/s/ KPMG
 LLP 

Baton Rouge, Louisiana

June 28, 2010

F-1

Table of Contents 

CROWN
 CRAFTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009 

March 28, 2010 

March 29, 2009 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents

75

15,249

Accounts receivable (net of allowances of 1,238 at
 March 28, 2010 and 1,581 at March 29, 2009):

Due from factor

17,633

17,341

Other

388

1,613

Inventories

10,453

11,751

Prepaid expenses

1,625

1,070

Temporary investments restricted

505

Assets held for sale

396

550

Deferred income taxes

399

921

Total current assets 

31,474

48,495

Property, plant and equipment at cost: 

Vehicles

58

44

Land, buildings and improvements

212

205

Machinery and equipment

2,537

2,476

Furniture and fixtures

764

765

3,571

3,490

Less accumulated depreciation

3,020

2,816

Property, plant and equipment net

551

674

Other assets: 

Goodwill

864

Intangible assets, net

6,493

5,515

Deferred income taxes

1,904

1,655

Other

106

188

Total other assets 

9,367

7,358

Total Assets 

41,392

56,527

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable

5,563

6,118

Accrued wages and benefits

838

894

Accrued royalties

1,051

1,056

Other accrued liabilities

1,253

813

Current maturities of long-term debt

1,952

1,667

Total current liabilities 

10,657

10,548

Non-current liabilities: 

Long-term debt

3,238

23,568

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock 0.01 par value per share;
 Authorized 1,000,000 shares; No shares issued at
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009

Common stock 0.01 par value per share;
 Authorized 74,000,000 shares; Issued 10,288,940 shares
 at March 28, 2010 and 10,098,441 shares at
 March 29, 2009

103

101

Additional paid-in capital

41,007

39,995

Treasury stock at cost 
 1,074,025 shares at March 28, 2010 and
 889,051 shares at March 29, 2009

(3,580

(3,056

Accumulated deficit

(10,033

(14,629

Total shareholders equity 

27,497

22,411

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

41,392

56,527

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-2

Table of Contents 

CROWN
 CRAFTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Fiscal Years Ended March 28, 2010 and
 March 29, 2009 

2010 

2009 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net sales

86,066

87,398

Cost of products sold

65,837

68,488

Gross profit

20,229

18,910

Marketing and administrative expenses

11,469

10,954

Goodwill impairment charge

22,884

Income (loss) from operations

8,760

(14,928

Other income (expense):

Interest and amortization of debt discount and expense

(692

(1,089

Other net

(63

108

Income (loss) before income tax expense

8,005

(15,909

Income tax expense

3,103

1,133

Income (loss) from continuing operations

4,902

(17,042

Loss from discontinued operations net of income taxes

(122

(44

Net income (loss)

4,780

(17,086

Weighted average shares outstanding basic

9,193

9,317

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted

9,295

9,317

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

0.53

(1.83

Loss from discontinued operations net of income taxes

(0.01

Total basic earnings (loss) per share

0.52

(1.83

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

0.53

(1.83

Loss from discontinued operations net of income taxes

(0.01

Total diluted earnings (loss) per share

0.52

(1.83

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-3

Table of Contents 

CROWN
 CRAFTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Fiscal years ended March 28, 2010 and
 March 29, 2009 

Retained 

Common Shares 

Treasury Shares 

Additional 

Earnings 

Total 

Number of 

Number of 

Paid-in 

(Accumulated 

Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit) 

Equity 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Balances March 30, 2008 

10,039,942

100

(562,647

(2,071

39,247

2,457

39,733

Issuance of shares

58,499

1

19

20

Stock-based compensation

707

707

Tax effect of stock-based compensation

22

22

Purchase of treasury stock

(326,404

(985

(985

Net loss

(17,086

(17,086

Balances March 29, 2009 

10,098,441

101

(889,051

(3,056

39,995

(14,629

22,411

Issuance of shares

190,499

2

163

165

Stock-based compensation

760

760

Tax effect of stock-based compensation

89

89

Purchase of treasury stock

(184,974

(524

(524

Net income

4,780

4,780

Dividends declared

(184

(184

Balances March 28, 2010 

10,288,940

103

(1,074,025

(3,580

41,007

(10,033

27,497

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-4

Table of Contents 

CROWN
 CRAFTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Years Ended March 28, 2010 and March 29,
 2009 

2010 

2009 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss)

4,780

(17,086

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided
 by operating activities:

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

286

285

Amortization of intangibles

1,544

1,745

Impairment charge goodwill

22,884

Impairment charge assets held for sale

154

94

Deferred income taxes

273

(2,094

Loss (gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment

16

(65

Accretion of interest expense to original issue discount

262

244

Accretion of interest income to temporary investment 
 restricted

(5

Stock-based compensation

760

707

Tax shortfall from stock-based compensation

(13

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

1,770

(618

Inventories

1,846

2,026

Prepaid expenses

(503

(6

Other assets

30

(99

Accounts payable

(1,088

504

Accrued liabilities

379

(150

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

10,491

8,371

Investing activities: 

Capital expenditures

(165

(372

Purchase of temporary investments

(500

(Cost of) proceeds from disposition of assets

(2

86

Payment to acquire the assets of Neat Solutions, Inc., net of
 liabilities assumed

(4,434

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(5,101

(286

Financing activities: 

Payments on long-term debt

(1,667

(2,503

(Repayments) proceeds under revolving line of credit, net

(18,640

2,680

Purchase of treasury stock

(524

(985

Issuance of common stock

165

20

Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation

102

22

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(20,564

(766

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(15,174

7,319

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

15,249

7,930

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

75

15,249

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid

2,304

2,854

Interest paid

437

746

Noncash investing activity: 

Adjustment to purchase price of Springs Baby Products from
 resolution of
 pre-acquisition 
 contingency

(58

Noncash financing activity: 

Dividends declared but unpaid

(184

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-5

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fiscal Years Ended March 28, 2010 and March 29,
 2009 

Note 1 

Description
 of Business 

Crown Crafts, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company operate in the infant and toddler products
 segment within the consumer products industry. The infant and
 toddler products segment consists of infant and toddler bedding,
 bibs, disposable products, soft goods and accessories. Sales of
 the Company s products are generally made directly to
 retailers, primarily mass merchants, mid-tier retailers,
 juvenile specialty stores, value channel stores, grocery and
 drug stores, restaurants, internet accounts, wholesale clubs and
 catalog retailers. The Company s products are manufactured
 primarily in Asia and marketed under a variety of Company-owned
 trademarks, under trademarks licensed from others and as private
 label goods.

Note 2 

Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation: The accompanying
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
 Company and have been prepared in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States
 GAAP as promulgated by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board FASB and the rules and regulations
 of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). All
 significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated in consolidation.

The Company s fiscal year ends on the Sunday nearest
 March 31. References herein to fiscal year 2010 
 or 2010 , and fiscal year 2009 or
 2009 represent the 52-week periods ended
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, respectively.

Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial
 statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the consolidated balance sheets and
 the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
 reporting period. Significant estimates are made with respect to
 the allowances related to accounts receivable for customer
 deductions for returns, allowances and disputes. The Company
 also has a certain amount of discontinued finished goods which
 necessitates the establishment of inventory reserves that are
 highly subjective. Actual results could differ materially from
 those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents: The Company
 considers all highly-liquid investments purchased with original
 maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

Financial Instruments: The following methods
 and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each
 class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to
 estimate that value:

Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts
 payable For those short term instruments, the
 carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value.

Long term debt The carrying value of the
 Company s long term debt approximates fair value because
 interest rates under the Company s borrowings are variable,
 based on prevailing market rates.

Depreciation and Amortization: The
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets reflect property, plant
 and equipment, and certain intangible assets at cost less
 accumulated depreciation or amortization. The Company
 capitalizes additions and improvements and expenses maintenance
 and repairs as incurred. Depreciation and amortization are
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
 useful lives of the assets, which are three to eight years for
 property, plant and equipment, and one to sixteen years for
 intangible assets other than goodwill. The Company amortizes
 improvements to its leased facilities over the term of the lease
 or the estimated useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter.

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets, Identifiable Intangible
 Assets and Goodwill: In addition to the
 depreciation and amortization procedures set forth above, the
 Company reviews for impairment long-lived assets and certain
 identifiable intangible assets whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any

F-6

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

asset may not be recoverable. In the event of impairment, the
 asset is written down to its fair market value. Assets to be
 disposed of, if any, are recorded at the lower of net book value
 or fair market value, less estimated costs to sell at the date
 management commits to a plan of disposal, and are classified as
 assets held for sale on the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.

The Company tests the carrying value of its goodwill annually
 and sooner if facts and circumstances suggest that the goodwill
 has been impaired. The Company reported no goodwill at
 March 30, 2009, and, as a result, the annual test of the
 fair value of goodwill was not required.

Revenue Recognition: Sales are recorded when
 goods are shipped to customers and are reported net of
 allowances for estimated returns and allowances in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income. Allowances for
 returns are estimated based on historical rates. Allowances for
 returns, advertising allowances, warehouse allowances and volume
 rebates are recorded commensurate with sales activity and the
 cost of such allowances is netted against sales in reporting the
 results of operations. Shipping and handling costs, net of
 amounts reimbursed by customers, are not material and are
 included in net sales.

Allowances Against Accounts Receivable: The
 Company s allowances against accounts receivable are
 primarily contractually
 agreed-upon 
 deductions for items such as advertising and warehouse
 allowances and volume rebates. These deductions are recorded
 throughout the year commensurate with sales activity. Funding of
 the majority of the Company s allowances occurs on a
 per-invoice basis. The allowances for customer deductions, which
 are netted against accounts receivable in the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets, consist of agreed upon advertising
 support, markdowns and warehouse and other allowances. All such
 allowances are recorded as direct offsets to sales and such
 costs are accrued commensurate with sales activities. When a
 customer requests deductions, the allowances are reduced to
 reflect such payments. The Company analyzes the components of
 the allowances for customer deductions monthly and adjusts the
 allowances to the appropriate levels. The timing of the customer
 initiated funding requests for advertising support can cause the
 net balance in the allowance account to fluctuate from period to
 period. The timing of such funding requests should have no
 impact on the consolidated statements of income since such costs
 are accrued commensurate with sales activity.

To reduce its exposure to credit losses and to enhance the
 predictability of its cash flow, the Company assigns the
 majority of its trade accounts receivable to The
 CITGroup/Commercial Services, Inc. CIT pursuant to
 factoring agreements. In the event a factored receivable becomes
 uncollectible due to creditworthiness, CIT bears the risk of
 loss. The Company s management must make estimates of the
 uncollectiblity of its non-factored accounts receivable.
 Management specifically analyzes accounts receivable, historical
 bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness,
 current economic trends and changes in its customers 
 payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of its allowance for
 doubtful accounts. The Company s accounts receivable at
 March 28, 2010 amounted to 18.0 million, net of
 allowances of 1.2 million. Of this amount,
 17.6 million was due from CIT under the factoring
 agreements, which represents the maximum amount of loss that the
 Company could incur if CIT failed completely to perform under
 the factoring agreements.

Inventory Valuation: The preparation of the
 Company s financial statements requires careful
 determination of the appropriate dollar amount of the
 Company s inventory balances. Such amount is presented as a
 current asset in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
 and is a direct determinant of cost of goods sold in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income and, therefore,
 has a significant impact on the amount of net income reported in
 an accounting period. The basis of accounting for inventories is
 cost, which is the sum of expenditures and charges, both direct
 and indirect, incurred to acquire inventory, bring it to a
 condition suitable for sale, and store it until it is sold. Once
 cost has been determined, the Company s inventory is then
 stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined
 using the
 first-in, 
 first-out FIFO method, which assumes that
 inventory quantities are sold in the order in which they are
 acquired. The determination of the indirect charges and their
 allocation to the Company s finished goods inventories is
 complex and requires significant management judgment and
 estimates. Differences would result in the valuation of the
 Company s inventories and in the amount and timing

F-7

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

of the Company s cost of goods sold and resulting net
 income for any period if management made different judgments or
 utilized different estimates.

On a periodic basis, management reviews its inventory quantities
 on hand for obsolescence, physical deterioration, changes in
 price levels and the existence of quantities on hand which may
 not reasonably be expected to be sold within the normal
 operating cycle of the Company s operations. To the extent
 that any of these conditions is believed to exist or the market
 value of the inventory expected to be realized in the ordinary
 course of business is otherwise no longer as great as its
 carrying value, an allowance against the inventory value is
 established. To the extent that this allowance is established or
 increased during an accounting period, an expense is recorded in
 cost of goods sold in the Company s consolidated statements
 of income. Only when inventory for which an allowance has been
 established is later sold or is otherwise disposed is the
 allowance reduced accordingly. Significant management judgment
 is required in determining the amount and adequacy of this
 allowance. In the event that actual results differ from
 management s estimates or these estimates and judgments are
 revised in future periods, the Company may not fully realize the
 carrying value of its inventory or may need to establish
 additional allowances, either of which could materially impact
 the Company s financial position and results of operations.

Segments and Related Information: The Company
 operates in one principal segment, infant and toddler products.
 These products consist of infant and toddler bedding, bibs,
 disposable products, soft goods and accessories. Net sales of
 bedding, blankets and accessories amounted to 66.4 million
 and 71.9 million in fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
 respectively. Net sales of bibs, bath and disposable products
 amounted to 19.7 million and 15.5 million in fiscal
 years 2010 and 2009, respectively.

Royalty Payments: The Company has entered into
 agreements that provide for royalty payments based on a
 percentage of sales with certain minimum guaranteed amounts.
 These royalty amounts are accrued based upon historical sales
 rates adjusted for current sales trends by customers. Total
 royalty expense included in cost of sales amounted to
 7.0 million and 6.9 million in 2010 and 2009,
 respectively.

Provisions for Income Taxes: The
 Company s provisions for income taxes include all currently
 payable federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are based
 upon the Company s taxable income and the change during the
 fiscal year in net deferred income tax assets and liabilities.
 The Company provides for deferred income taxes based on the
 difference between the financial statement and tax bases of
 assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in
 effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The
 Company s policy is to recognize the effect that a change
 in enacted tax rates would have on net deferred income tax
 assets and liabilities in the period that the tax rates are
 changed.

The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only
 if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained.
 Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest
 amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized.
 Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the
 period in which the change in judgment occurs. Based on its
 recent evaluation, the Company has concluded that there are no
 significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the
 accompanying consolidated financial statements. Tax years still
 open to federal or state general examination or other adjustment
 as of March 28, 2010 include tax years ended April 2,
 2006, April 1, 2007, March 30, 2008, March 29,
 2009 and March 28, 2010. The Company s policy is to
 accrue interest expense and penalties as appropriate on any
 estimated unrecognized tax benefits as a charge to interest
 expense in the Company s consolidated statements of income.

Earnings (Loss) Per Share: The Company
 calculates basic earnings (loss) per share by using a weighted
 average of the number of shares outstanding during the reporting
 periods. Diluted shares outstanding are calculated in accordance
 with the treasury stock method, which assumes that the proceeds
 from the exercise of all exercisable options would be used to
 repurchase common shares at market value. The net number of
 shares issued after the exercise proceeds are exhausted
 represents the potentially dilutive effect of the exercisable
 options, which are added to basic shares to arrive at diluted
 shares. Due to the net loss incurred by the Company in fiscal
 year 2009, diluted shares used in the calculation of the diluted
 loss per share represented basic shares because the inclusion of
 the

F-8

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

potentially dilutive effect of the 214,000 exercisable stock
 options would have resulted in anti-dilution. The following
 table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income
 (loss) per common share for fiscal years 2010 and 2009.

2010 

2009 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations

4,902

(17,042

Loss from discontinued operations

(122

(44

Net income (loss)

4,780

(17,086

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding:

Basic

9,193

9,317

Effect of dilutive securities

102

Diluted

9,295

9,317

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:

Continuing operations

0.53

(1.83

Discontinued operations

(0.01

Total

0.52

(1.83

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:

Continuing operations

0.53

(1.83

Discontinued operations

(0.01

Total

0.52

(1.83

Recently-Issued Accounting Standards: In June
 2009, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards SFAS No. 168, The FASB
 Accounting Standards Codification and The Hierarchy of Generally
 Accepted Accounting Principles, which established the FASB
 Accounting Standards Codification (the FASB ASC as
 the authoritative source for GAAP recognized by the FASB to be
 applied by nongovernmental entities. Under
 SFAS No. 168, effective for interim and annual periods
 ending after September 15, 2009, specific references to
 GAAP must be to the Topics contained within the FASB ASC.
 SFAS No. 168 was codified as FASB ASC Topic 105,
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles , and also
 provides that rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under
 the authority of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act are
 also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants.

The FASB will now revise GAAP by issuing an Accounting Standards
 Update ASU to the FASB ASC. An ASU will not be
 considered as authoritative in its own right, but will serve
 only to update the FASB ASC, provide background information
 about the guidance and provide the basis for conclusion on the
 change in the FASB ASC. The Company s adoption on
 June 29, 2009 of FASB ASC Topic 105 did not impact the
 Company s consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair
 Value Measurement and Disclosures, which defines fair value,
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and
 expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements.
 This statement became effective for financial statements issued
 for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and for
 interim periods within those fiscal years. In February 2008, the
 FASB delayed the effective date of FASB ASC Topic 820 for
 non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except for
 items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
 financial statements on a recurring basis, to fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company s
 adoption on March 29, 2009 of FASB ASC Topic 820 did not
 materially impact the Company s consolidated financial
 statements.

F-9

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

On January 21, 2010, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2010-06, 
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820):
 Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements . This
 ASU requires new disclosures and clarifies existing disclosure
 requirements about fair value measurement as set forth in FASB
 ASC Topic
 820-10, and
 generally became effective for interim and annual reporting
 periods beginning after December 15, 2009. The
 Company s adoption of ASU
 No. 2010-06 
 on December 28, 2009 did not materially impact the
 Company s consolidated financial statements.

In February 2007, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 825,
 Financial Instruments . This standard provides companies
 with an option to report selected financial assets and
 liabilities at fair value. FASB ASC Topic 825 became effective
 for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2007. Accordingly, on March 31, 2008, the
 Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 825. Upon
 adoption, the Company did not elect the fair value option for
 any items within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 825; therefore, the
 adoption of FASB ASC Topic 825 did not have an impact on the
 Company s consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic
 805-10-65-1, 
 which contains revisions to FASB ASC Topic 805, Business
 Combinations , and was to be applied prospectively to
 business combinations for which the acquisition date was on or
 after the beginning of the first annual reporting period
 beginning on or after December 15, 2008, and interim
 periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption was
 prohibited. FASB ASC Topic 805, as revised, establishes
 principles and requirements for the reporting entity in a
 business combination, including recognition and measurement in
 the financial statements of the identifiable assets acquired,
 the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the
 acquiree. This standard also establishes disclosure requirements
 to enable financial statement users to evaluate the nature and
 financial effects of the business combination. The
 Company s adoption of FASB ASC Topic 805, as revised, on
 March 30, 2009 resulted in the application of its
 provisions to the acquisition of Neat Solutions described in
 Note 3 below. Relative to this acquisition, the FASB ASC
 Topic 805 revisions impacted the accompanying consolidated
 financial statements in that the Company was required to
 recognize as expense 195,000 of direct costs associated with
 the acquisition that would have previously been capitalized
 under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 805 in effect prior to
 its revision.

In May 2009, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 855, Subsequent
 Events , which establishes general standards of accounting
 for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet
 date but before financial statements are issued or are available
 to be issued. FASB ASC Topic 855 became effective for interim
 and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 and was to be
 applied prospectively. This standard originally required the
 Company to disclose the date through which subsequent events
 have been evaluated, which was intended to provide guidance to
 readers of the Company s financial statements that the
 Company has not evaluated subsequent events after that date.
 However, on February 24, 2010, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2010-09, 
 Subsequent Events (Topic 855): Amendments to Certain
 Recognition and Disclosure Requirements , which became
 effective upon issuance and which removed the requirement for an
 SEC registrant to disclose the date through which subsequent
 events have been evaluated. The Company s adoption of FASB
 ASC Topic 855 on March 30, 2009 and the adoption of ASU
 No. 2010-09 
 on February 24, 2010 did not impact the Company s
 consolidated financial statements.

Note 3 

Acquisition 

On July 2, 2009, Hamco, Inc. Hamco ), a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired substantially
 all of the assets of Neat Solutions, Inc. Neat
 Solutions ), the privately-held developer of the Table
 Topper 

 Stay-in-Place 
 Mat .

 Hamco paid a purchase price of 4.4 million, net of certain
 specified liabilities assumed. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic
 805, as revised, Hamco also recognized as expense 195,000 of
 direct costs associated with the acquisition during fiscal year
 2010, which was included in marketing and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

The acquisition of Neat Solutions resulted in an increase of
 3.5 million in net sales of bibs, bath and disposable
 products for fiscal year 2010. Because the operations of Neat
 Solutions have been integrated with those of Hamco, and because
 the assets acquired from Neat Solutions do not exist as a
 discrete entity within the

F-10

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Company s internal corporate structure, it is impracticable
 to determine the earnings generated by the assets acquired from
 Neat Solutions since the acquisition date. The Company believes
 that the pro forma impact of the acquisition is not material.

The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 were determined by the Company with the assistance of an
 independent third party. The Company s allocation of the
 acquisition cost is as follows (in thousands):

Amount 

Tangible assets:

Accounts receivable

837

Inventory

548

Prepaid expenses

52

Fixed assets

12

Other assets

2

Total tangible assets

1,451

Amortizable intangible assets:

Trademarks

892

Designs

33

Non-compete covenant

241

Customer relationships

1,302

Total amortizable intangible assets

2,468

Goodwill

864

Total acquired assets

4,783

Liabilities assumed accounts payable

349

Net acquisition cost

4,434

Note 4 

Temporary
 Investments Restricted 

At March 28, 2010, the Company s restricted temporary
 investments consisted of a certificate of deposit in the amount
 of 500,000 with a maturity date of April 9, 2010, which
 was subsequently extended to June 8, 2010. The certificate
 of deposit was obtained in connection with the issuance on
 behalf of the Company of a standby letter of credit in favor of
 Disney Enterprises, Inc. Disney ), a company
 affiliated with The Walt Disney Company, to guarantee the
 payment of the Company s royalty obligations with Disney.
 The certificate of deposit has been assigned as collateral
 against an unfunded note payable, which would be funded in the
 event of a draw by Disney of all or a portion of the standby
 letter of credit.

Note 5 

Discontinued
 Operations 

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, the operations of
 Churchill Weavers, Inc. Churchill ), a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of the Company, ceased and all employees were
 terminated. The Company is actively marketing Churchill s
 land and building for sale, and a portion of the property was
 sold in July 2008. The Churchill property is recorded at fair
 value, less estimated cost to sell, and is classified as assets
 held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
 The Company determined that the fair value of the property had
 fallen below its carrying value as of March 28, 2010 and
 March 29, 2009. Accordingly, during fiscal years 2010 and
 2009, the Company recorded pre-tax impairment charges of
 154,000 and 94,000, respectively, which did not result in any
 cash expenditures, did not have an adverse effect on the
 Company s compliance with the covenants under its

F-11

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

financing agreement and did not affect the Company s
 availability under its revolving line of credit. The operations
 of Churchill are classified as discontinued operations in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income.

The following table sets forth the loss from discontinued
 operations for fiscal years 2010 and 2009.

2010 

2009 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Loss from discontinued operations

(37

(48

Gain from sale of property

67

Impairment charge

(154

(94

(191

(75

Income tax benefit

(69

(31

Net loss from discontinued operations

(122

(44

Note 6 

Goodwill
 and Other Intangible Assets 

Goodwill: The Company reported goodwill of
 22.9 million at March 30, 2008. The Company tests the
 fair value of the goodwill of its reporting units annually in a
 two-step approach. The first step is the estimation of the fair
 value of each reporting unit to ensure that its fair value
 exceeds its carrying value. If step one indicates that a
 potential impairment exists, the second step is performed to
 measure the amount of an impairment charge, if any. In the
 second step, these estimated fair values are used as the
 hypothetical purchase price for the reporting units, and an
 allocation of such hypothetical purchase price is made to the
 identifiable tangible and intangible assets and assigned
 liabilities of the reporting units. The impairment charge is
 calculated as the amount, if any, by which the carrying value of
 the goodwill exceeds the implied amount of goodwill that results
 from this hypothetical purchase price allocation. An impairment
 test must be performed more frequently if an event or change in
 circumstances occurs that suggest that the fair value of the
 goodwill of either of the reporting units of the Company has
 more likely than not fallen below its carrying value.

The market capitalization of the Company was below its net book
 value for most of the second half of fiscal year 2009, which the
 Company concluded was a triggering event that required the
 Company to perform an interim impairment test of the goodwill of
 its reporting units. As a result of step one of this interim
 impairment test, the Company concluded that the fair values of
 its two reporting units were below their carrying values,
 indicating that the goodwill within these reporting units had
 been impaired. In step two of the interim impairment test, the
 goodwill of the reporting units was determined to have no
 implied value. Accordingly, during fiscal year 2009, the Company
 recorded a pre-tax charge of 22.9 million, which
 represented the aggregate carrying value of the goodwill of the
 Company s reporting units. This impairment charge did not
 result in any cash expenditures, did not have an adverse effect
 on the Company s compliance with the covenants under its
 financing agreement and did not affect the Company s cash
 position, cash flows from operating activities or financial
 availability under its revolving line of credit.

The Company reported no goodwill at March 30, 2009, and, as
 a result, the annual test of the fair value of goodwill was not
 required. The Company reported goodwill of 864,000 at
 March 28, 2010, which was recorded in connection with the
 acquisition of Neat Solutions as the excess of the consideration
 paid over the identifiable tangible and intangible assets
 acquired, the entirety of which is expected to be amortizable
 for tax purposes.

Other Intangible Assets: Other intangible
 assets as of March 28, 2010 consisted primarily of the
 capitalized costs of recent acquisitions, other than tangible
 assets, goodwill and assumed liabilities. The carrying amount
 and accumulated amortization of the Company s other
 intangible assets as of March 28, 2010, their estimated
 useful life

F-12

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

and amortization expense for the fiscal years ended
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009 are as follows
 (in thousands):

Estimated 

Amortization Expense 

Carrying 

Useful 

Accumulated 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Amount 

Life 

Amortization 

March 28, 2010 

March 29, 2009 

Kimberly Grant Acquisition on December 29, 2006:

Tradename

466

15 years

101

31

31

Existing designs

36

1 year

36

Non-compete covenant

98

15 years

21

7

7

Total Kimberly Grant Acquisition

600

158

38

38

Springs Baby Products Acquisition on November 5, 2007:

Licenses existing designs

1,655

2 years

1,655

483

827

Licenses future designs

1,847

4 years

1,116

462

462

Non-compete covenant

115

4 years

69

28

29

Customer relationships

3,781

10 years

914

376

378

Total Springs Baby Acquisition

7,398

3,754

1,349

1,696

Neat Solutions Acquisition on July 2, 2009:

Trademarks

892

15 years

45

45

Designs

33

4 years

6

6

Non-compete covenant

241

5 years

36

36

Customer relationships

1,302

16 years

61

61

Total Neat Solutions Acquisition

2,468

148

148

Internally developed intangible assets

113

10 years

26

9

11

Total other intangible assets

10,579

4,086

1,544

1,745

F-13

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The table below sets forth estimated amortization expense for
 the following fiscal years (in thousands):

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

Kimberly Grant Acquisition:

Tradename

31

31

31

31

31

Existing designs

7

7

7

7

7

Total Kimberly Grant Acquisition

38

38

38

38

38

Springs Baby Products Acquisition:

Licenses future designs

462

269

Non-compete covenant

29

17

Customer relationships

378

378

378

378

378

Total Springs Baby Acquisition

869

664

378

378

378

Neat Solutions Acquisition:

Trademarks

60

60

60

60

60

Designs

8

8

8

3

Non-compete covenant

48

48

48

48

13

Customer relationships

81

81

81

81

81

Total Neat Solutions Acquisition

197

197

197

192

154

Internally developed intangible assets

11

11

11

11

11

Total other intangible assets

1,115

910

624

619

581

Note 7 

Inventories 

Major classes of inventory were as follows (in thousands):

March 28, 2010 

March 29, 2009 

Raw Materials

66

30

Finished Goods

10,387

11,721

Total inventory

10,453

11,751

Note 8 

Financing
 Arrangements 

Factoring Agreements: The Company assigns the
 majority of its trade accounts receivable to CIT under factoring
 agreements. Under the terms of the factoring agreements, which
 expire in July 2013, CIT remits payments to the Company on the
 average due date of each group of invoices assigned. If a
 customer fails to pay CIT on the due date, the Company is
 charged interest at prime less 1.0 , which was 2.25 at
 March 28, 2010, until payment is received. The Company
 incurred interest expense of 67,000 and 106,000 in fiscal
 years 2010 and 2009, respectively, as a result of the failure of
 the Company s customers to pay CIT by the due date. CIT
 bears credit losses with respect to assigned accounts receivable
 that are within approved credit limits. The Company bears the
 responsibility for adjustments from customers related to
 returns, allowances, claims and discounts. CIT may at any time
 limit or terminate its approval of shipments to a particular
 customer. If such a termination were to occur, the Company must
 either assume the credit risks for shipments to the customer
 after the date of such termination or cease shipments to the
 customer. Factoring fees, which are included in marketing and
 administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
 statements of income, were 619,000 and 352,000 in fiscal years
 ended March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, respectively.
 There were no advances from the factor at either March 28,
 2010 or March 29, 2009.

F-14

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Notes Payable and Other Credit Facilities: At
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, long term debt of
 the Company consisted of (in thousands):

March 28, 2010 

March 29, 2009 

Revolving line of credit

1,422

20,062

Term loan

1,667

Non-interest bearing notes

4,000

4,000

Original issue discount

(232

(494

5,190

25,235

Less current maturities

1,952

1,667

3,238

23,568

The Company s credit facilities at March 28, 2010
 include the following:

Revolving Line of Credit under a financing agreement with
 CIT of up to 26.0 million, including a 1.5 million
 sub-limit 
 for letters of credit, bearing an interest rate of prime minus
 1.00 (2.25 at March 28, 2010) for base rate
 borrowings or LIBOR plus 2.25 (2.48 at March 28, 2010),
 maturing on July 11, 2013 and secured by a first lien on
 all assets of the Company. At March 28, 2010, there was a
 balance due on the revolving line of credit of
 1.4 million, there were no letters of credit outstanding
 against the 1.5 million
 sub-limit 
 for letters of credit and the Company had 20.6 million
 available under the revolving line of credit based on eligible
 accounts receivable and inventory.

The financing agreement contains usual and customary covenants
 for agreements of that type, including limitations on other
 indebtedness, liens, transfers of assets, investments and
 acquisitions, merger or consolidation transactions, dividends,
 transactions with affiliates and changes in or amendments to the
 organizational documents for the Company and its subsidiaries.
 The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of
 March 28, 2010.

Subordinated Notes of 4.0 million. The notes do not
 bear interest and are due in two equal installments of
 2.0 million each, the first of which is payable on
 July 11, 2010, and the second of which is payable on
 July 11, 2011. The original issue discount of
 1.1 million on this non-interest bearing obligation at a
 market interest rate of 7.25 is being amortized over the life
 of the notes. The remaining unamortized balance of 232,000 is
 included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of
 March 28, 2010.

Minimum annual maturities of the Company s credit
 facilities are as follows (in thousands):

Fiscal 

Year 

Revolver 

Sub Notes 

Total 

2011

2,000

2,000

2012

2,000

2,000

2013

2014

1,422

1,422

Total

1,422

4,000

5,422

F-15

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Note 9 

Income
 Taxes 

The Company s income taxes for fiscal years 2010 and 2009
 are summarized below (in thousands):

Fiscal Year Ended March 28, 2010 

Current 

Deferred 

Total 

Federal

2,344

91

2,435

State

427

234

661

Other, including foreign

7

7

Income tax expense on continuing operations

2,778

325

3,103

Income tax benefit on discontinued operations

(17

(52

(69

Income tax reported in stockholders equity related to

stock-based compensation

(89

(89

Total income tax

2,672

273

2,945

Fiscal Year Ended March 29, 2009 

Current 

Deferred 

Total 

Federal

2,667

(1,769

898

State

507

(279

228

Other, including foreign

7

7

Income tax expense (benefit) on continuing operations

3,181

(2,048

1,133

Income tax expense (benefit) on discontinued operations

15

(46

(31

Income tax reported in stockholders equity related to

stock-based compensation

22

22

Total income tax

3,196

(2,072

1,124

F-16

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to
 significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
 liabilities as of March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009
 are as follows (in thousands):

March 28, 2010 

March 29, 2009 

Deferred tax assets:

Employee benefit accruals

303

342

Accounts receivable and inventory reserves

356

579

Deferred rent

55

Goodwill

288

367

Other intangible assets

987

686

State net operating loss carryforwards

913

1,104

Stock-based compensation

672

626

Total gross deferred tax assets

3,574

3,704

Less valuation allowance

(913

(1,104

Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance

2,661

2,600

Deferred tax liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

(313

Property, plant and equipment

(45

(24

Total deferred tax liabilities

(358

(24

Net deferred income tax assets

2,303

2,576

In assessing the probability that the Company s deferred
 tax assets will be realized, management of the Company has
 considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
 ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon
 the generation of taxable income during the future periods in
 which the temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax
 assets will become deductible. The Company has also considered
 the scheduled inclusion into taxable income in future periods of
 the temporary differences giving rise to the Company s
 deferred tax liabilities. The valuation allowance as of
 March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009 was related to state
 net operating loss carryforwards that the Company does not
 expect to be realized. Based upon the Company s
 expectations of the generation of sufficient taxable income
 during future periods, the Company believes that it is more
 likely than not that the Company will realize its deferred tax
 assets, net of the valuation allowance and the deferred tax
 liabilities.

The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only
 if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained.
 Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest
 amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized.
 Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the
 period in which the change in judgment occurs. Based on its
 recent evaluation, the Company has concluded that there are no
 significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the
 Company s consolidated financial statements. Tax years
 still open to federal or state general examination or other
 adjustment as of March 28, 2010 include tax years ended
 April 2, 2006, April 1, 2007, March 30, 2008,
 March 29, 2009 and March 28, 2010. The Company s
 policy is to accrue interest expense and penalties as
 appropriate on any estimated unrecognized tax benefits as a
 charge to interest expense in the Company s consolidated
 statements of income.

The Company s provision for income taxes on continuing
 operations is based upon an effective tax rate, excluding the
 effect of the goodwill impairment charge, of 38.8 and 39.4 in
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009, respectively. These effective tax
 rates are the sum of the top U.S. statutory federal income
 tax rate and a composite rate for state income taxes (net of
 federal tax benefit) in the various states in which the Company
 operates.

F-17

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

The following table reconciles income tax expense on income from
 continuing operations at the U.S. federal income tax
 statutory rate to the net income tax provision reported for
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Tax expense (benefit) at statutory rate (34 

2,722

(5,409

State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit

351

195

Change in deferred taxes due to a change in state tax rate

85

Tax credits

(12

(152

Nondeductible expenses

10

12

Goodwill impairment

6,533

Other

(53

(46

Income tax expense on continuing operations

3,103

1,133

Note 10 

Retirement
 Plans 

The Company sponsors a defined contribution retirement savings
 plan with a cash or deferred arrangement (the Plan ),
 as provided by Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code
 Code ). The Plan covers substantially all employees,
 who may elect to contribute a portion of their compensation to
 the Plan, subject to maximum amounts and percentages as
 prescribed in the Code. Each calendar year, the Board of
 Directors (the Board determines the portion, if
 any, of employee contributions that will be matched by the
 Company. The Company s matching contribution to the Plan,
 net of the utilization of forfeitures was 138,000 and 133,000,
 respectively, for fiscal years 2010 and 2009. The matching
 contributions represented an amount equal to 100 of the first
 2 of employee contributions and 50 of the next 1 of employee
 contributions to the Plan.

Note 11 

Stock-based
 Compensation 

The Company has two incentive stock plans, the 1995 Stock Option
 Plan (the 1995 Plan and the 2006 Omnibus Incentive
 Plan (the 2006 Plan ). The Company granted
 non-qualified stock options to employees and non-employee
 directors from the 1995 Plan through the fiscal year ended
 April 2, 2006. In conjunction with the approval of the 2006
 Plan by the Company s stockholders at its Annual Meeting in
 August 2006, options may no longer be issued from the 1995 Plan.

The 2006 Plan is intended to attract and retain directors,
 officers and employees of the Company and to motivate these
 individuals to achieve performance objectives related to the
 Company s overall goal of increasing stockholder value. The
 principal reason for adopting the 2006 Plan is to ensure that
 the Company has a mechanism for long-term, equity-based
 incentive compensation to directors, officers and employees.
 Awards granted under the 2006 Plan may be in the form of
 qualified or non-qualified stock options, restricted stock,
 stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive compensation
 units consisting of a combination of cash and shares of the
 Company s common stock, or any combination thereof within
 the limitations set forth in the 2006 Plan. The 2006 Plan is
 administered by the compensation committee of the Board, which
 selects eligible employees and non-employee directors to
 participate in the 2006 Plan and determines the type, amount and
 duration of individual awards. At March 28, 2010,
 800,000 shares of the Company s common stock were
 available for future issuance under the 2006 Plan.

Stock-based compensation is calculated according to FASB ASC
 Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ,
 which requires a fair-value-based measurement to account for
 stock-based compensation. The Company uses the
 Black-Scholes-Merton valuation formula, which is a closed-form
 model that uses an equation to determine the estimated fair
 value of stock options. The Company recorded 760,000 and
 707,000 of stock-based compensation during 2010 and 2009,
 respectively. No stock-based compensation costs were capitalized
 as part of the cost of an asset as of March 28, 2010.

F-18

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Stock Options: The following table represents
 stock option activity for fiscal year 2010:

Weighted-Average 

Number of Options 

Exercise Price 

Outstanding 

Outstanding at March 29, 2009

2.54

819,831

Granted

3.02

170,000

Exercised

(1.03

(160,499

Forfeited

(0.53

(3,500

Outstanding at March 28, 2010

2.94

825,832

Exercisable at March 28, 2010

2.80

555,832

The total intrinsic value of the stock options exercised during
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009 was 267,000 and 62,000,
 respectively. The non-qualified stock options granted during
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009 were awarded to certain employees,
 which options vest over a two-year period, assuming continued
 service. The following table sets forth the assumptions used to
 determine the fair value of the stock options granted during
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009, and the resulting grant-date fair
 value per option.

Fiscal Year Ended 

March 28, 2010 

March 29, 2009 

Options issued

170,000

200,000

Grant Date

August 12, 2009

June 10, 2008

Dividend yield

Expected volatility

50.00 

55.00 

Risk free interest rate

2.70 

3.54 

Expected life in years

5.75

5.75

Forfeiture rate

5.00 

5.00 

Exercise price (grant-date closing price)

3.02

3.58

Fair value

1.49

1.94

Because the Company s historical stock option exercise
 experience did not provide a reasonable basis upon which to
 estimate the expected life of the stock options granted during
 each of the fiscal years 2010 and 2009, the Company elected to
 use the simplified method to estimate the expected life of the
 stock options granted, as allowed by SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 107 and the continued acceptance of the
 simplified method indicated in SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 110.

For the fiscal year ended March 28, 2010, the Company
 recognized compensation expense associated with stock options as
 follows (in thousands):

Cost of 

Marketing 

Products 

Administrative 

Total 

Options Granted in Fiscal Year 

Sold 

Expenses 

Expense 

2008

16

41

57

2009

48

145

193

2010

22

52

74

Total stock option compensation

86

238

324

F-19

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

For the fiscal year ended March 29, 2009, the Company
 recognized compensation expense associated with stock options as
 follows (in thousands):

Cost of 

Marketing 

Products 

Administrative 

Total 

Options Granted in Fiscal Year 

Sold 

Expenses 

Expense 

2007

23

71

94

2008

38

97

135

2009

36

108

144

Total stock option compensation

97

276

373

A summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable at
 March 28, 2010 is as follows:

Weighted Avg. 

Weighted Avg. 

Weighted Avg. 

Number 

Remaining 

Exercise Price 

Number of 

Exercise Price 

of Options 

Contractual 

of Options 

Shares 

of Options 

Range of Exercise Prices 

Outstanding 

Life in Years 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

Exercisable 

0.18- 0.71

121,832

2.70

0.67

121,832

0.67

1.06- 1.19

18,000

0.34

1.11

18,000

1.11

3.02

170,000

9.38

3.02

3.15

206,000

6.27

3.15

206,000

3.15

3.58

200,000

8.21

3.58

100,000

3.58

3.90- 4.08

110,000

6.93

4.08

110,000

4.08

825,832

555,832

As of March 28, 2010, total unrecognized stock-option
 compensation costs amounted to 231,000, which will be
 recognized as the underlying stock options vest over a period of
 up to two years. The amount of future stock-option compensation
 expense could be affected by any future stock option grants and
 by the separation from the Company of any employee or director
 who has received stock options that are unvested as of such
 individual s separation date. The aggregate intrinsic value
 of outstanding and exercisable options at March 28, 2010
 amounted to 516,000 and 443,000, respectively.

Non-vested Stock: The fair value of non-vested
 stock granted is determined based on the number of shares
 granted multiplied by the closing price of the Company s
 common stock on the date of grant. All non-vested stock granted
 under the 2006 Plan vests based upon continued service.

During the quarter ended October 1, 2006, the Board granted
 375,000 shares of non-vested stock to certain employees
 with a fair value of 3.15 as of the date of the stock grants.
 These shares have four-year cliff vesting, except as set forth
 below. The Company recognized 348,000 and 295,000 of
 compensation expense related to these non-vested stock grants
 during fiscal years 2010 and 2009, respectively, which was
 included in marketing and administrative expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of income. On
 August 11, 2009, the Board authorized an amendment to the
 non-vested stock grant that had been awarded in 2006 to E.
 Randall Chestnut, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
 President of the Company. Under the terms of the amended
 non-vested stock grant, the vesting of 160,000 of the
 320,000 shares awarded to Mr. Chestnut was accelerated
 from August 25, 2010 to August 12, 2009. The
 acceleration of the vesting of these shares resulted in the
 recognition of net additional compensation expense during fiscal
 year 2010 of 53,000 over that which would have been recognized
 if the acceleration of the vesting had not occurred.

The Board granted 30,000 shares of non-vested stock to its
 non-employee directors during each of the quarters ended
 September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008 with a fair
 value of 3.02 and 3.87, respectively, as of the date of the
 stock grants. These shares vest over a two-year period. No
 shares of non-vested stock vested during fiscal year 2009, and
 during fiscal year 2010, the total fair value of non-vested
 stock that vested amounted to 562,000. With

F-20

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

respect to the non-vested stock granted in fiscal year 2010, the
 Company recognized compensation expense of 30,000 during fiscal
 year 2010, and with respect to the non-vested stock granted in
 fiscal year 2009, the Company recognized compensation expense of
 58,000 and 39,000 during fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
 respectively, which was included in marketing and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

At March 28, 2010, the amount of unrecognized compensation
 expense related to non-vested stock grants amounted to 150,000,
 which will be recognized by monthly charges to earnings over the
 remaining portion of the vesting period. The amount of future
 compensation expense related to non-vested stock grants could be
 affected by any future non-vested stock grants and by the
 separation from the Company of any individual who has received
 non-vested stock grants that are unvested as of such
 individual s separation date.

Note 12 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Dividends: The stockholders of the
 Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends
 when and as declared by the Board. The Board did not declare any
 dividends during the fiscal year ended March 29, 2009, and
 had not previously paid a dividend since December 26, 1999.
 On February 9, 2010, the Board declared a quarterly cash
 dividend on the Company s common stock of 0.02 per share
 to stockholders of record at the close of business on
 March 12, 2010 and payable on April 2, 2010. The
 dividend payout of 184,000 was within the limitations of the
 Company s credit facility, which at the time permitted the
 Company to declare cash dividends on its common stock of up to
 500,000.

Stock Repurchases: In June 2007, the Board
 created a capital committee which has, from time to time,
 adopted a program that would allow the Company to repurchase
 shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to this
 program, the Company repurchased 25,000 shares at a cost of
 72,000 during the fiscal year ended March 28, 2010 and
 116,649 shares at a cost of 422,000 during the fiscal year
 ended March 29, 2009. There was no share repurchase program
 in effect as of March 28, 2010.

The Company also acquired treasury shares separate from the
 foregoing program as follows:

Fiscal year 2010: On August 12, 2009,
 Mr. Chestnut surrendered to the Company 67,920 shares
 of common stock having a market value of 3.02 per share to
 satisfy the income tax withholding obligations relating to the
 vesting of shares of restricted stock. During December 2009,
 several employees surrendered to the Company 92,054 shares
 of common stock having a weighted-average market value of 2.68
 per share to satisfy the exercise price and income tax
 withholding obligations relating to the exercise of stock
 options.

Fiscal year 2009: In privately-negotiated
 transactions, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock
 as follows:

100,000 shares at a purchase price, including broker fees,
 of 2.68 per share on October 14, 2008, and

109,755 shares at a purchase price, including broker fees,
 of 2.69 per share on November 3, 2008.

Note 13 

Subsequent
 Events 

Except as set forth below, the Company has determined that there
 are no subsequent events that require disclosure pursuant to
 FASB ASC Topic 855, as revised.

Acquisition: On May 27, 2010, Hamco paid
 1.8 million to The Procter Gamble Company
 P G to acquire certain intellectual property
 related to P G s line of
 Bibsters 

 disposable infant bibs. In a separate but related transaction,
 Hamco also acquired the inventory associated with the
 Bibsters 

 product line from the exclusive licensee of
 Bibsters 

 for P G, whose license was terminated to coincide with the
 closing.

The Company was unable to complete the initial accounting for
 the acquisition prior to the issuance of the accompanying
 consolidated financial statements, and the Company could not
 provide an estimate of the financial impact of the acquisition.
 Upon the completion of the initial accounting for the
 acquisition, the Company will

F-21

Table of Contents 

Crown
 Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

determine the fair values of the assets acquired and intends to
 record the appropriate allocation of the acquisition cost in the
 quarter ending June 27, 2010.

Note 14 

Major
 Customers 

The table below indicates customers representing more than 10 
 of sales.

Fiscal Year 

2010 

2009 

Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

43

47

Toys R Us

21

21

Target Corporation

10

Amount represented less than 10 of the Company s gross
 sales for this fiscal year. 

Note 15 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Total rent expense was 1.8 million for each of the years
 ended March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009. The
 Company s commitments as of March 28, 2010, primarily
 for minimum guaranteed rental payments, are 1.5 million,
 1.2 million, 1.0 million, 0.9 million and
 0.2 million for fiscal years 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and
 2015, respectively.

Total royalty expense was 7.0 million and
 6.9 million for the fiscal years 2010 and 2009,
 respectively. The Company s commitment for minimum
 guaranteed royalty payments under its license agreements as of
 March 28, 2010 is 5.0 million, including
 3.2 million and 1.6 million for fiscal years 2011
 and 2012, respectively.

The Company is a party to various routine legal proceedings
 primarily involving commercial claims and workers 
 compensation claims. While the outcome of these routine claims
 and legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty,
 management believes that the outcomes of such proceedings in the
 aggregate, even if determined adversely, would not have a
 material adverse affect on the Company s consolidated
 financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Note 16 

Current
 Economic Conditions 

Although a moderately-paced recovery began during fiscal year
 2010, current economic conditions, including continued high
 unemployment, a declining birth rate, sluggish personal income
 gains and tight credit are still dampening consumer spending,
 which has raised the possibility of an extension of the global
 recession. These conditions could adversely impact the
 Company s business by resulting in reduced demand for the
 Company s products, increased order cancellations and
 returns, an increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories
 and increased pressure on the prices of the Company s
 products. Also, although the Company s use of a commercial
 factor significantly reduces the risk associated with collecting
 accounts receivable, the factor may at any time terminate or
 limit its approval of shipments to a particular customer, and
 the likelihood of the factor doing so may increase as a result
 of current economic conditions. Such an action by the factor
 would result in the loss of future sales to the affected
 customer.

F-22

<EX-21.1>
 2
 d73808exv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1

exv21w1 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

STATE OR OTHER 

SUBSIDIARY 
 
 JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION 

Churchill Weavers, Inc.

Kentucky 

Crown Crafts Infant Products, Inc.

Delaware 

Hamco, Inc.

Louisiana 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d73808exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors 
Crown Crafts, Inc. and Subsidiaries:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements No. 33-64499 and No.
333-136868 on Form S-8 of Crown Crafts, Inc. and subsidiaries of our report dated June 28, 2010,
with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Crown Crafts, Inc. and subsidiaries as of March
28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years then ended March 28, 2010 and March 29, 2009, and the related
financial statement schedule, which report appears in the March 28, 2010 annual report on Form 10-K
of Crown Crafts, Inc. and subsidiaries.

/s/ KPMG LLP

Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
June 28, 2010

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d73808exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION

I, E. Randall Chestnut, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 28, 2010 of Crown
Crafts, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: June 28, 2010 

/s/ E. Randall Chestnut

E. Randall Chestnut, 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d73808exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION

I, Olivia W. Elliott, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 28, 2010 of Crown
Crafts, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: June 28, 2010 

/s/ Olivia W. Elliott

Olivia W. Elliott 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d73808exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

I, E. Randall Chestnut, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Crown
Crafts, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ending March 28, 2010 (the
 Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: June 28, 2010

/s/ E. Randall Chestnut

E. Randall Chestnut, Chairman of the Board, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d73808exv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2

exv32w2 

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

I, Olivia W. Elliott, Chief Financial Officer of Crown Crafts, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby
certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ending March 28, 2010 (the
 Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: June 28, 2010

/s/ Olivia W. Elliott

Olivia W. Elliott, Vice President 

and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

