<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20110310_10-K_edgar_data_39311_0001140361-11-015619.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6764528</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>605379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5697513</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-11-015619.hdr.sgml : 20110310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20110310121345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-11-015619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20101231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20110310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20110310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INDEPENDENT BANK CORP /MI/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000039311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				382032782
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07818
		FILM NUMBER:		11677427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 W MAIN ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 491
		CITY:			IONIA
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48846
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6165279450

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 W MAIN ST
		CITY:			IONIA
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48846

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-11-015619.txt : 20110310

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 10-K 12-31-2010

form10k.htm 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

x Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 or 

o Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission file number 

0-7818 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

MICHIGAN 

38-2032782 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

230 W. Main St., P.O. Box 491, Ionia, Michigan 

48846 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code 

(616) 527-5820 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Common Stock, 1.00 Par Value 

NASDAQ 

(Title of class) 

(Name of Exchange) 

8.25 Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities 

NASDAQ 

(Title of class) 

(Name of Exchange) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes o No o 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer o 

Accelerated filer o 

Non-accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting Company x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b of the Exchange Act). 

Yes o No x 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2010, was 27,929,000. 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's common stock as of March 9, 2011 was 8,114,608. 

Documents incorporated by reference 

Portions of our definitive proxy statement, and annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part I, Part II, Part III, and Part IV of this Form 10-K. 

The Exhibit Index appears on Pages 43-45 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Discussions and statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, statements that include terms such as will, may, should, believe, expect, forecast, anticipate, estimate, project, intend, likely, optimistic and plan, and statements about future or projected financial and operating results, plans, projections, objectives, expectations, and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, descriptions of plans and objectives for future operations, products or services; projections of our future revenue, earnings or other measures of economic performance; forecasts of credit losses and other asset quality trends; predictions as to our bank s ability to maintain certain regulatory capital standards; our expectation that we will have sufficient cash on hand to meet expected obligations during 2011; and descriptions of steps we may take to improve our capital position. These forward-looking statements express our current expectations, forecasts of future events, or long-term goals and, by their nature, are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Although we believe that the expectations, forecasts, and goals reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others: 

our ability to successfully raise new equity capital through a public offering of our common stock, effect a conversion of our outstanding preferred stock held by the U.S. Treasury into our common stock, and otherwise implement our capital restoration plan; 

the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of and provisions made to our allowance for loan losses; 

the timing and pace of an economic recovery in Michigan and the United States in general, including regional and local real estate markets; 

the ability of our bank to remain well-capitalized; 

the failure of assumptions underlying our estimate of probable incurred losses from vehicle service contract payment plan counterparty contingencies, including our assumptions regarding future cancellations of vehicle service contracts, the value to us of collateral that may be available to recover funds due from our counterparties, and our ability to enforce the contractual obligations of our counterparties to pay amounts owing to us; 

further adverse developments in the vehicle service contract industry; 

potential limitations on our ability to access and rely on wholesale funding sources; 

the continued services of our management team, particularly as we work through our asset quality issues and the implementation of our capital restoration plan; and 

implementation of the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other new legislation, which may have significant effects on us and the financial services industry, the exact nature and extent of which cannot be determined at this time;. 

This list provides examples of factors that could affect the results described by forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but the list is not intended to be all inclusive. The risk factors disclosed in Part I Item 1A below include all known risks our management believes could materially affect the results described by forward-looking statements in this report. However, those risks may not be the only risks we face. Our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects could also be materially and adversely affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us, that we currently consider to be immaterial, or that develop after the date of this report. We cannot assure you that our future results will meet expectations. While we believe the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date made. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to update or alter any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Independent Bank Corporation was incorporated under the laws of the State of Michigan on September 17, 1973, for the purpose of becoming a bank holding company. We are registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and own the outstanding stock of Independent Bank (the "bank") which is organized under the laws of the State of Michigan. During 2007, we consolidated our existing four bank charters into one. 

Aside from the stock of our bank, we have no other substantial assets. We conduct no business except for the collection of dividends from our bank and the payment of dividends to our shareholders. Certain employee retirement plans (including employee stock ownership and deferred compensation plans) as well as health and other insurance programs have been established by us. The costs of these plans are borne by our subsidiaries. 

We have no material patents, trademarks, licenses or franchises except the corporate franchise of our bank which permits it to engage in commercial banking pursuant to Michigan law. 

Our bank's main office location is Ionia, Michigan and it had total loans (excluding loans held for sale) and total deposits of 1.813 billion and 2.252 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2010. 

Our bank transacts business in the single industry of commercial banking. Most of our bank's offices provide full-service lobby and drive-thru services in the communities they serve. Automatic teller machines are also provided at most locations. 

Our bank's activities cover all phases of banking, including checking and savings accounts, commercial lending, direct and indirect consumer financing, mortgage lending and safe deposit box services. Mepco Finance Corporation, a subsidiary of our bank, acquires and services payment plans used by consumers to purchase vehicle service contracts provided and administered by third parties. In addition, our bank offers title insurance services through a separate subsidiary and provides investment and insurance services through a third party agreement with PrimeVest Financial Services, Inc. Our bank does not offer trust services. Our principal markets are the rural and suburban communities across Lower Michigan that are served by our bank's branch network. Our bank serves its markets through its main office and a total of 105 branches, 4 drive-thru facilities and 4 loan production offices. The ongoing economic stress in Michigan has adversely impacted many of our markets which is manifested in higher levels of loan defaults and lower demand for credit. 

Our bank competes with other commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, securities brokerage companies, insurance companies, and money market mutual funds. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources than we do and offer certain services that we do not currently provide. Such competitors may also have greater lending limits than our bank. In addition, non-bank competitors are generally not subject to the extensive regulations applicable to us. 

Price (the interest charged on loans and/or paid on deposits) remains a principal means of competition within the financial services industry. Our bank also competes on the basis of service and convenience in providing financial services. 

The principal sources of revenue, on a consolidated basis, are interest and fees on loans, other interest income and non-interest income. The sources of revenue for the three most recent years are as follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Interest and fees on loans 

64.5 

71.5 

79.7 

Other interest income 

3.0 

4.5 

7.3 

Non-interest income 

32.5 

24.0 

13.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

As of December 31, 2010, we had 982 full-time employees and 258 part-time employees. 

2 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Recent Developments 

Since 2009, we have been focused on strengthening our capital base in the face of weak economic conditions. Our bank began to experience rising levels of non-performing loans and higher provisions for loan losses in 2006 as the Michigan economy experienced economic stress ahead of national trends. Although our bank remained profitable through the second quarter of 2008, it began incurring losses in the third quarter of 2008, which losses pressured its capital ratios. While our bank has always remained well-capitalized under federal regulatory guidelines, we projected that due to our elevated levels of non-performing assets, as well as anticipated losses in the future, an increase in equity capital would likely be necessary in order for our bank to remain well-capitalized. 

In 2009, we retained financial and legal advisors to assist us in reviewing our capital alternatives. We also took steps at that time to preserve our capital, including by discontinuing cash dividends on our common stock and exercising our right to defer all quarterly distributions on our outstanding trust preferred securities and the preferred stock we issued to the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury pursuant to the Troubled Asset Relief Program TARP ). In December 2009, the Board of Directors of our bank adopted resolutions requiring our bank to achieve certain minimum capital ratios. The minimum ratios established by our bank's Board are higher than the minimum ratios necessary to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards, which we considered prudent given our elevated levels of non-performing assets and the continuing economic stress in Michigan. Set forth below are the minimum capital ratios imposed by our bank s Board and the minimum ratios necessary to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards: 

Independent Bank - Actual as of 

December 31, 2010 

Minimum Ratios Established by Our Board 

Required to be 

Well-Capitalized 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

11.06 

11.00 

10.00 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Total Assets 

6.58 

8.00 

5.00 

In January 2010, our Board of Directors adopted a capital restoration plan (the Capital Plan that documents our objectives and plans for meeting these ratios. The three primary initiatives of our Capital Plan are: 

the conversion of our 72,000 shares of Series A Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, with an original liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series A Preferred Stock issued to the Treasury under the Capital Purchase Program CPP of TARP into shares of our common stock; 

an offer to exchange shares of our common stock for our outstanding trust preferred securities; and 

a public offering of our common stock for cash. 

In anticipation of pursuing these capital initiatives, we engaged independent third parties to perform a review stress test on our commercial and retail loan portfolios to confirm that the similar analyses we performed internally were reasonable and did not materially understate our projected loan losses. Based on the conclusions of these reviews, we determined that we did not need to modify our projections used for purposes of our Capital Plan. 

To date, we have made progress on a number of initiatives to advance the Capital Plan: 

On January 29, 2010, we held a special shareholder meeting at which our shareholders approved (1) an increase in the number of shares of common stock we are authorized to issue from 60 million to 500 million, (2) the conversion of the preferred stock held by the Treasury into shares of our common stock, (3) the issuance of shares of our common stock in exchange for our outstanding trust preferred securities, and (4) an option exchange program pursuant to which our employees (excluding directors and certain executive officers) were able to exchange underwater options for new options at approximately a value-for-value exchange. This option exchange was completed in March 2010. 

On April 16, 2010, we closed an Exchange Agreement with the Treasury pursuant to which the Treasury exchanged 72 million in aggregate liquidation value of our Series A Preferred Stock, plus approximately 2.4 million in accrued but unpaid dividends on such shares, into 74,426 shares of our Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock, with an original liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ). As part of this exchange, we also amended and restated the terms of the Warrant issued to the Treasury in December 2008 to purchase 346,154 shares of our common stock 

3 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

in order to adjust the initial exercise price of the Warrant to be equal to the conversion price applicable to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of our common stock. Subject to the receipt of applicable approvals, the Treasury has the right to convert the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into our common stock at any time. We have the right to compel a conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into our common stock at any time provided the following conditions are met: 

(1) 

we receive appropriate approvals from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"); 

(2) 

at least 40 million aggregate liquidation amount of our trust preferred securities are exchanged for shares of our common stock; 

(3) 

we complete a new cash equity raise of not less than 100 million on terms acceptable to the Treasury in its sole discretion (other than with respect to the price offered per share); and 

(4) 

we make any required anti-dilution adjustments to the rate at which the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is converted into our common stock. 

On June 23, 2010, we completed the exchange of an aggregate of 5,109,125 newly issued shares of our common stock for 41.4 million in aggregate liquidation amount of our outstanding trust preferred securities and 2.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest. This transaction satisfied one of the conditions to our ability to compel a conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held by the Treasury. 

On August 31, 2010, we effected a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock. Pursuant to this reverse split, each 10 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the reverse split was converted into 1 share of our common stock. We conducted this reverse split primarily as a means to maintain our share price above 1.00 per share in order to continue to meet Nasdaq listing standards. All share or per share information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been retroactively restated to reflect the effects of the reverse split. 

We have taken steps toward the advancement of the final phase of our Capital Plan, an offering of our common stock for cash, but have not commenced such offering. The offering has currently been delayed while we reevaluate our strategic alternatives in light of continued improvement in our asset quality and other recent positive indicators, as described in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2010, we met one of the two target capital ratios set forth in our Capital Plan as the bank s total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 11.06 exceeded the target of 11 . 

In addition to the foregoing, we have taken steps to enhance our liquidity position in the face of current economic conditions by investing in shorter-term money market assets supported by higher-cost longer-term funding. This has negatively impacted our net interest margin during these periods. In addition, on July 7, 2010, we entered into an Investment Agreement with Dutchess Opportunity Fund, II, LP ("Dutchess") that establishes an equity line facility (the "Equity Line") as a contingent source of liquidity for the Company. Under the Investment Agreement, Dutchess committed to purchase, subject to certain conditions, up to 15 million of our common stock over a 36-month period ending November 1, 2013. In connection with the Investment Agreement, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with Dutchess, pursuant to which we agreed to register for resale the shares that may be sold to Dutchess under the Equity Line. We filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the SEC for the purpose of registering such shares for resale, and on November 1, 2010, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC declared such registration statement effective. During 2010, 0.3 million shares of our common stock were sold to Dutchess pursuant to the Investment Agreement. In order to comply with Nasdaq rules, we would need shareholder approval to sell more than approximately 1.2 million more shares to Dutchess pursuant to the Investment Agreement. We intend to seek such shareholder approval at our 2011 annual shareholder meeting so that we have additional flexibility to take advantage of this contingent source of liquidity. 

4 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Supervision and Regulation 

The following is a summary of certain statutes and regulations affecting us. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutes and regulations. A change in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on us and our bank. 

General 

Financial institutions and their holding companies are extensively regulated under federal and state law. Consequently, our growth and earnings performance can be affected not only by management decisions and general and local economic conditions, but also by the statutes administered by, and the regulations and policies of, various governmental regulatory authorities. Those authorities include, but are not limited to, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), the Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Regulation (the "OFIR"), the Internal Revenue Service, and state taxing authorities. The effect of such statutes, regulations and policies and any changes thereto can be significant and cannot necessarily be predicted. 

Federal and state laws and regulations generally applicable to financial institutions and their holding companies regulate, among other things, the scope of business, investments, reserves against deposits, capital levels, lending activities and practices, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, mergers, consolidations and dividends. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to us establishes a comprehensive framework for our operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC's deposit insurance funds, our depositors, and the public, rather than our shareholders. 

Federal law and regulations establish supervisory standards applicable to the lending activities of our bank, including internal controls, credit underwriting, loan documentation and loan-to-value ratios for loans secured by real property. 

Regulatory Developments 

Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 . On October 3, 2008, Congress enacted the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 ("EESA"). The EESA enables the federal government, under terms and conditions developed by the Treasury, to insure troubled assets, including mortgage-backed securities, and collect premiums from participating financial institutions. The EESA includes, among other provisions: (a) the 700 billion Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP), under which the Treasury is authorized to purchase, insure, hold, and sell a wide variety of financial instruments, particularly those that are based on or related to residential or commercial mortgages originated or issued on or before March 14, 2008; and (b) an increase in the amount of deposit insurance provided by the FDIC. Both of these specific provisions are discussed below. 

Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP) . Under TARP, the Treasury authorized a voluntary Capital Purchase Program (CPP) to purchase senior preferred shares of qualifying financial institutions that elected to participate. Participating companies must adopt certain standards for executive compensation, including (a) prohibiting "golden parachute" payments (as defined in the EESA) to senior executive officers; (b) requiring recovery of any compensation paid to senior executive officers based on criteria that is later proven to be materially inaccurate; and (c) prohibiting incentive compensation that encourages unnecessary and excessive risks that threaten the value of the financial institution. The terms of the CPP also limit certain uses of capital by the issuer, including repurchases of company stock and increases in dividends. 

On December 12, 2008, we participated in the CPP and issued 72 million in capital to the Treasury in the form of Series A Preferred Stock that paid cash dividends at the rate of 5 per annum through February 14, 2014, and 9 per annum thereafter. In addition, the Treasury received a Warrant to purchase 346,154 shares of our common stock at a price of 31.20 per share. As described above, on April 16, 2010, we closed on an exchange transaction with the Treasury in which the Treasury accepted our newly issued shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in exchange for the entire 72 million in aggregate liquidation value of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, plus the value of all accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (approximately 2.4 million). The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock have an aggregate liquidation amount equal to 74,426,000. 

5 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

With the exception of being convertible into shares of our common stock, the terms of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are substantially similar to the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock that were exchanged. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock qualifies as Tier 1 regulatory capital, subject to limitations, and is entitled to cumulative dividends quarterly at a rate of 5 per annum through February 14, 2014, and 9 per annum thereafter. The Treasury (and any subsequent holder of the shares) has the right to convert the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into our common stock at any time, subject to the receipt of any applicable approvals. We have the right to compel a conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into our common stock if the following conditions are met: 

we receive appropriate approvals from the Federal Reserve; 

at least 40 million aggregate liquidation amount of trust preferred securities have been exchanged for our common stock; 

we complete a new cash equity raise of not less than 100 million on terms acceptable to the Treasury in its sole discretion (other than with respect to the price offered per share); and 

we make any required anti-dilution adjustments to the rate at which the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is converted into our common stock. 

If converted by the Treasury (or any subsequent holder) or by us pursuant to either of the above-described conversion rights, each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (liquidation amount of 1,000 per share) will convert into a number of shares of our common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is 750 and the denominator of which is 7.234, referred to as the "conversion rate," provided that such conversion rate will be subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. As an example only, at the time they were issued, the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were convertible into approximately 7.7 million shares of our common stock. This conversion rate will be subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments that may result in a greater number of shares being issued to the holder of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Unless earlier converted by the Treasury (or any subsequent holder) or by us as described above, the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into shares of our common stock on a mandatory basis on April 16, 2017. In any such mandatory conversion, each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (liquidation amount of 1,000 per share) will convert into a number of shares of our common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is 1,000 and the denominator of which is the market price of our common stock at the time of such mandatory conversion (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock). 

At the time any shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are converted into our common stock, we will be required to pay all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock being converted in cash or, at our option, in shares of our common stock, in which case the number of shares to be issued will be equal to the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends to be paid in common stock divided by the market price of our common stock at the time of conversion (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock). Accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock totaled approximately 2.7 million at December 31, 2010. 

The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued upon conversion of all Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (including any accrued dividends) is 14.4 million, unless we receive shareholder approval to issue a greater number of shares. 

In connection with such exchange transaction, we also amended and restated the terms of the Warrant issued to the Treasury in December 2008 to adjust the initial exercise price of the Warrant to be equal to the initial conversion price applicable to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock described above. 

6 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Federal Deposit Insurance Coverage . The EESA temporarily raised the limit on federal deposit insurance coverage from 100,000 to 250,000 per depositor, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act passed in 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") made this temporary increase in the insurance limit permanent. In October 2008, the FDIC also announced the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program. Under one component of this program, the Transaction Account Guarantee Program (TAGP), the FDIC temporarily provided unlimited coverage for non-interest bearing transaction accounts (as defined in the TAGP) for participating institutions that did not opt out. This temporary coverage expired on December 31, 2010; however, the Dodd-Frank Act extended protection similar to that provided under the TAGP through December 31, 2012. 

Financial Stability Plan. On February 10, 2009, the Treasury announced the Financial Stability Plan ("FSP"), which is a comprehensive set of measures intended to shore up the U.S. financial system and earmarks the balance of the unused funds originally authorized under the EESA. The major elements of the FSP include: (i) a capital assistance program that will invest in convertible preferred stock of certain qualifying institutions, (ii) a consumer and business lending initiative to fund new consumer loans, small business loans and commercial mortgage asset-backed securities issuances, (iii) a new public-private investment fund that will leverage public and private capital with public financing to purchase up to 500 billion to 1 trillion of legacy "toxic assets" from financial institutions, and (iv) assistance for homeowners by providing up to 75 billion to reduce mortgage payments and interest rates and establishing loan modification guidelines for government and private programs. 

American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. On February 17, 2009, Congress enacted the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ("ARRA"). In enacting the ARRA, Congress intended to provide a stimulus to the U.S. economy in light of the significant economic downturn. The ARRA includes federal tax cuts, expansion of unemployment benefits and other social welfare provisions, and numerous domestic spending efforts in education, healthcare and infrastructure. The ARRA also includes numerous non-economic recovery related items, including a limitation on executive compensation in federally-aided financial institutions, including banks that have received or will receive assistance under TARP. 

Under the ARRA, a financial institution (including our bank) will be subject to the following restrictions and standards throughout the period in which any obligation arising from financial assistance provided under TARP remains outstanding: 

Limits on compensation incentives for risk-taking by senior executive officers; 

Requirement of recovery of any compensation paid based on inaccurate financial information; 

Prohibition on "golden parachute payments" (as defined in the AARA); 

Prohibition on compensation plans that would encourage manipulation of reported earnings to enhance the compensation of employees; 

Establishment of board compensation committees by publicly-registered TARP recipients comprised entirely of independent directors, for the purpose of reviewing employee compensation plans; 

Prohibition on bonuses, retention awards, and incentive compensation, except for payments of long-term restricted stock; and 

Limitation on luxury expenditures. 

In addition, TARP recipients are required to permit a separate, non-binding shareholder vote to approve the compensation of executives. The chief executive officer and chief financial officer of each TARP recipient will be required to provide a written certification of compliance with these standards to the SEC. 

7 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Homeowner Affordability and Stability Plan. On February 18, 2009, President Obama announced the Homeowner Affordability and Stability Plan ("HASP"). The HASP is intended to support a recovery in the housing market and ensure that workers can continue to pay off their mortgages through the following elements: 

Provide access to low-cost refinancing for responsible homeowners suffering from falling home prices; 

A 75 billion homeowner stability initiative to prevent foreclosure and help responsible families stay in their homes; and 

Support of low mortgage rates by strengthening confidence in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 

The Treasury has issued extensive guidance on the scope and mechanics of various components of HASP. We continue to monitor these developments and assess their potential impact on our business. 

Dodd-Frank Act . On July 21, 2010, the President signed the Dodd-Frank Act in law. This new federal law includes the following: 

the creation of a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with power to promulgate and, with respect to financial institutions with more than 10 billion in assets, enforce consumer protection laws; 

the creation of a Financial Stability Oversight Council chaired by the Secretary of the Treasury with authority to identify institutions and practices that might pose a systemic risk to the U.S. economy; 

provisions affecting corporate governance and executive compensation of all companies whose securities are registered with the SEC; 

a provision that will broaden the base for FDIC insurance assessments and permanently increase FDIC deposit insurance to 250,000; 

a provision under which interchange fees for debit cards of issuers with at least 10 billion in assets will be set by the Federal Reserve under a restrictive "reasonable and proportional cost" per transaction standard; 

a provision that will require bank regulators to set minimum capital levels for bank holding companies that are at least as strong as those required for their insured depository subsidiaries, subject to a grandfather clause for financial institutions with less than 15 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009; and 

new restrictions on how mortgage brokers and loan originators may be compensated. 

When implemented, these provisions may impact our business operations and may negatively affect our earnings and financial condition by affecting our ability to offer certain products or earn certain fees and by exposing us to increased compliance and other costs. Many aspects of the new law are subject to rulemaking and will take effect over several years, making it difficult to anticipate the overall financial impact on us, our customers or the financial industry more generally. 

Future Legislation . Various other legislative and regulatory initiatives, including proposals to overhaul the banking regulatory system, are from time to time introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as regulatory agencies. Such future legislation regarding financial institutions may change banking statutes and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance depending on whether any such potential legislation is introduced and enacted. The nature and extent of future legislative and regulatory changes affecting financial institutions is very unpredictable. We cannot determine the ultimate effect that any such potential legislation, if enacted, would have upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Independent Bank Corporation 

We are a bank holding company and, as such, are registered with, and subject to regulation by, the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended (the "BHCA"). Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve and are required to file periodic reports of operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. 

8 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Federal Reserve policy historically has required bank holding companies to act as a source of strength to their bank subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Such support may be required by the Federal Reserve at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it. 

In addition, if the OFIR deems a bank's capital to be impaired, the OFIR may require a bank to restore its capital by special assessment upon a bank holding company, as the bank's sole shareholder. If the bank holding company failed to pay such assessment, the directors of that bank would be required, under Michigan law, to sell the shares of bank stock owned by the bank holding company to the highest bidder at either public or private auction and use the proceeds of the sale to restore the bank's capital. 

Any capital loans by a bank holding company to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 

Investments and Activities . In general, any direct or indirect acquisition by a bank holding company of any voting shares of any bank which would result in the bank holding company's direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares of such bank, and any merger or consolidation of the bank holding company with another bank holding company, will require the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA. In acting on such applications, the Federal Reserve must consider various statutory factors including the effect of the proposed transaction on competition in relevant geographic and product markets, and each party's financial condition, managerial resources, and record of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act. 

In addition and subject to certain exceptions, the Change in the Bank Control Act ("Control Act") and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve, require any person acting directly or indirectly, or through or in concert with one or more persons, to give the Federal Reserve 60 days' written notice before acquiring control of a bank holding company. Transactions which are presumed to constitute the acquisition of control include the acquisition of any voting securities of a bank holding company having securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, if, after the transaction, the acquiring person (or persons acting in concert) owns, controls or holds with power to vote 10 or more of any class of voting securities of the institution. The acquisition may not be consummated subsequent to such notice if the Federal Reserve issues a notice within 60 days, or within certain extensions of such period, disapproving the acquisition. 

The merger or consolidation of an existing bank subsidiary of a bank holding company with another bank, or the acquisition by such a subsidiary of the assets of another bank, or the assumption of the deposit and other liabilities by such a subsidiary requires the prior written approval of the responsible Federal depository institution regulatory agency under the Bank Merger Act, based upon a consideration of statutory factors similar to those outlined above with respect to the BHCA. In addition, in certain cases an application to, and the prior approval of, the Federal Reserve under the BHCA and/or OFIR under Michigan banking laws, may be required. 

With certain limited exceptions, the BHCA prohibits any bank holding company from engaging, either directly or indirectly through a subsidiary, in any activity other than managing or controlling banks unless the proposed non-banking activity is one that the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. Under current Federal Reserve regulations, such permissible non-banking activities include such things as mortgage banking, equipment leasing, securities brokerage, and consumer and commercial finance company operations. Well-capitalized and well-managed bank holding companies may, however, engage de novo in certain types of non-banking activities without prior notice to, or approval of, the Federal Reserve, provided that written notice of the new activity is given to the Federal Reserve within 10 business days after the activity is commenced. If a bank holding company wishes to engage in a non-banking activity by acquiring a going concern, prior notice and/or prior approval will be required, depending upon the activities in which the company to be acquired is engaged, the size of the company to be acquired and the financial and managerial condition of the acquiring bank holding company. 

9 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Eligible bank holding companies that elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including securities and insurance activities and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature, incidental to any such financial activity or complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of non-bank subsidiaries of bank or financial holding companies. We have not applied for approval to operate as a financial holding company and have no current intention of doing so. 

Capital Requirements . The Federal Reserve uses capital adequacy guidelines in its examination and regulation of bank holding companies. If capital falls below minimum guidelines, a bank holding company may, among other things, be denied approval to acquire or establish additional banks or non-bank businesses. 

The Federal Reserve's capital guidelines establish the following minimum regulatory capital requirements for bank holding companies: (i) a leverage capital requirement expressed as a percentage of total assets, and (ii) a risk-based requirement expressed as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets. The leverage capital requirement consists of a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital (which consists principally of shareholders' equity) to total assets of 3 for the most highly rated companies with minimum requirements of 4 to 5 for all others. The risk-based requirement consists of a minimum ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 , of which at least one-half must be Tier 1 capital. 

The risk-based and leverage standards presently used by the Federal Reserve are minimum requirements, and higher capital levels will be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. 

Included in our Tier 1 capital as of December 31, 2010, is 44.1 million of trust preferred securities (classified on our balance sheet as "Subordinated debentures"). The Federal Reserve has issued rules regarding trust preferred securities as a component of the Tier 1 capital of bank holding companies. The aggregate amount of trust preferred securities and certain other capital elements is limited to 25 percent of Tier 1 capital elements, net of goodwill (net of any associated deferred tax liability). The amount of trust preferred securities and certain other elements in excess of the limit could be included in the Tier 2 capital, subject to restrictions. The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act imposed additional limitations on the ability to include trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital; however, these additional limitations do not apply to our outstanding trust preferred securities. 

The federal bank regulatory agencies are required biennially to review risk-based capital standards to ensure that they adequately address interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and risks from non-traditional activities. 

Dividends . Most of our revenues are received in the form of dividends paid by our bank. Thus, our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders is indirectly limited by statutory restrictions on the ability of our bank to pay dividends, as discussed below. Further, in a policy statement, the Federal Reserve has expressed its view that a bank holding company experiencing earnings weaknesses should not pay cash dividends exceeding its net income or which can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company's financial health, such as by borrowing. Additionally, the Federal Reserve possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. The "prompt corrective action" provisions of federal law and regulation authorizes the Federal Reserve to restrict the amount of dividends that an insured bank can pay which fails to meet specified capital levels. 

In addition to the restrictions on dividends imposed by the Federal Reserve, the Michigan Business Corporation Act provides that dividends may be legally declared or paid only if after the distribution, a corporation can pay its debts as they come due in the usual course of business and its total assets equal or exceed the sum of its liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of any holders of preferred stock whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 

10 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Finally, dividends on our common stock must be paid in accordance with the terms and restrictions of the CPP and our Exchange Agreement with the Treasury. Prior to December 12, 2011, unless we have redeemed all of the shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock or unless the Treasury ceases to own any of our debt or equity securities acquired pursuant to the Exchange Agreement or the amended and restated Warrant, the consent of the Treasury will be required for us to declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on or repurchase of common stock other than (i) regular quarterly cash dividends of not more than 0.10 per share, as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar transaction, (ii) dividends payable solely in shares of our common stock, and (iii) dividends or distributions of rights or junior stock in connection with any shareholders' rights plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, because we have suspended all dividends on the shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and all quarterly payments on our outstanding trust preferred securities, we are currently prohibited from paying any cash dividends on our common stock. In addition, in December of 2009, our Board of Directors adopted resolutions that prohibit us from paying any dividends on our common stock without, in each case, the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve and the OFIR. 

Federal Securities Regulation . Our common stock is registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). We are therefore subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act. 

Our Bank 

General . Independent Bank is a Michigan banking corporation, is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and its deposit accounts are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF") of the FDIC. As a member of the Federal Reserve System and a Michigan chartered bank, our bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the Federal Reserve as its primary federal regulator and OFIR as the chartering authority for Michigan banks. These agencies and the federal and state laws applicable to our bank and its operations extensively regulate various aspects of the banking business including, among other things, permissible types and amounts of loans, investments and other activities, capital adequacy, branching, interest rates on loans and on deposits, the maintenance of non-interest bearing reserves on deposit accounts, and the safety and soundness of banking practices. 

Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, our bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Under the FDIC's risk-based assessment system for deposit insurance premiums, all insured depository institutions are placed into one of four categories (Risk Categories I, II, III, and IV), based primarily on their level of capital and supervisory evaluations. 

Historically, assessment rates for deposit insurance premiums have been largely based on the risk category of the institution and the amount of its deposits. However, the Dodd-Frank Act passed in 2010 required the FDIC to establish rules setting insurance premium assessments based on an institution's total assets minus its tangible equity instead of deposits. On February 7, 2011, the FDIC adopted a final rule under which, effective for assessments for the second quarter of 2011 and payable at the end of September 2011, the initial base assessment rate for institutions in Risk Category I (generally, well-capitalized institutions with a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2) is set at an annual rate of between 5 and 9 basis points. The initial base assessment rate for institutions in Risk Categories II, III, and IV is set at annual rates of 14, 23, and 35 basis points, respectively, and the initial base assessment rate for institutions with at least 10 billion in assets and certain "highly complex institutions" is set at an annual rate of between 5 and 35 basis points. These initial base assessment rates are adjusted to determine an institution's final assessment rate based on its brokered deposits and unsecured debt. In addition, the rates are subject to a new depository institution debt adjustment, which is meant to offset the benefit received by institutions that issue long-term, unsecured liabilities when those liabilities are held by other insured depository institutions. However, institutions may exclude from the unsecured debt amount used in calculating the depository institution debt adjustment an amount equal to no more than 3 of their Tier 1 capital. Total base assessment rates after adjustments, other than the depository institution debt adjustment, range from 2.5 to 9 basis points for Risk Category I, 9 to 24 basis points for Risk Category II, 18 to 33 basis points for Risk Category III, 30 to 45 basis points for Risk Category IV, and 2.5 to 45 basis points for institutions with at least 10 billion in assets and certain "highly complex institutions." 

11 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

On December 15, 2010, the FDIC established 2.0 as the Designated Reserve Ratio ("DRR"), that is, the ratio of the DIF to insured deposits. The FDIC adopted a plan under which it will meet the statutory minimum DRR of 1.35 by September 30, 2020, the deadline imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the FDIC to partially offset the effect of the increase in the DRR on institutions with assets less than 10 billion. 

During the fourth quarter of 2009, we prepaid estimated quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC for periods through the fourth quarter of 2012. These estimated quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments were based on projected deposit balances over the assessment periods. The prepaid deposit insurance premium assessments totaled 15.9 million at December 31, 2010 and will be expensed over the assessment period (through the fourth quarter of 2012). The actual expense over the assessment periods will be different from this prepaid amount due to various factors, including variances in actual deposit balances and the assessment base and rates used during each assessment period. 

In addition, in 2008, the bank elected to participate in the FDIC's Transaction Account Guarantee Program (TAGP), which required us to pay an additional assessment to the FDIC. Under the TAGP, funds in non-interest bearing transaction accounts, in interest-bearing transaction accounts with an interest rate of 0.25 or less (after June 30, 2010), and in Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts (IOLTA) had a temporary unlimited guarantee from the FDIC. This temporary coverage expired on December 31, 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act extended protection similar to that provided under the TAGP through December 31, 2012 for only non-interest bearing transaction accounts. This coverage applies to all insured depository institutions, and there is no separate FDIC assessment for the insurance. Furthermore, this unlimited coverage is separate from, and in addition to, the coverage provided to depositors with respect to other accounts held at an insured depository institution. 

FICO Assessments . Our bank, as a member of the DIF, is subject to assessments to cover the payments on outstanding obligations of the Financing Corporation ("FICO"). FICO was created to finance the recapitalization of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, the predecessor to the FDIC's Savings Association Insurance Fund which was created to insure the deposits of thrift institutions and was merged with the Bank Insurance Fund into the newly formed DIF in 2006. From now until the maturity of the outstanding FICO obligations in 2019, DIF members will share the cost of the interest on the FICO bonds on a pro rata basis. It is estimated that FICO assessments during this period will be approximately 0.010 of deposits. 

OFIR Assessments . Michigan banks are required to pay supervisory fees to the OFIR to fund their operations. The amount of supervisory fees paid by a bank is based upon the bank's total assets. 

Capital Requirements . The Federal Reserve has established the following minimum capital standards for state-chartered, FDIC-insured member banks, such as our bank: a leverage requirement consisting of a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of 3 for the most highly-rated banks with minimum requirements of 4 to 5 for all others, and a risk-based capital requirement consisting of a minimum ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 , at least one-half of which must be Tier 1 capital. Tier 1 capital consists principally of shareholders' equity. These capital requirements are minimum requirements. Higher capital levels will be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual institutions. For example, Federal Reserve regulations provide that higher capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk and the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities, or securities trading activities. 

12 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Federal law provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions. The extent of the regulators' powers depends on whether the institution in question is "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized," or "critically undercapitalized." Federal regulations define these capital categories as follows: 

Total 

Risk-Based 

Capital Ratio 

Tier 1 

Risk-Based 

Capital Ratio 

Leverage Ratio 

Well capitalized 

10 or above 

6 or above 

5 or above 

Adequately capitalized 

8 or above 

4 or above 

4 or above 

Undercapitalized 

Less than 8 

Less than 4 

Less than 4 

Significantly undercapitalized 

Less than 6 

Less than 3 

Less than 3 

Critically undercapitalized 

-- 

-- 

A ratio of tangible equity to total assets of 2 or less 

At December 31, 2010, our bank's ratios exceeded minimum requirements for the well-capitalized category. In December 2009, the Board of Directors of our bank adopted resolutions requiring our bank to achieve minimum capital ratios that are higher than the minimum requirements described in the Federal Reserve's capital guidelines. See "Recent Developments" above for more information. 

Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators' corrective powers include: requiring the submission of a capital restoration plan; placing limits on asset growth and restrictions on activities; requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to be acquired; restricting transactions with affiliates; restricting the interest rates the institution may pay on deposits; ordering a new election of directors of the institution; requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 

In general, a depository institution may be reclassified to a lower category than is indicated by its capital levels if the appropriate federal depository institution regulatory agency determines the institution to be otherwise in an unsafe or unsound condition or to be engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice. This could include a failure by the institution, following receipt of a less-than-satisfactory rating on its most recent examination report, to correct the deficiency. 

Dividends . Under Michigan law, banks are restricted as to the maximum amount of dividends they may pay on their common stock. Our bank may not pay dividends except out of its net income after deducting its losses and bad debts. A Michigan state bank may not declare or pay a dividend unless the bank will have a surplus amounting to at least 20 of its capital after the payment of the dividend. 

As a member of the Federal Reserve System, our bank is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve for the declaration or payment of a dividend if the total of all dividends declared in any year will exceed the total of (a) the bank's retained net income (as defined by federal regulation) for that year, plus (b) the bank's retained net income for the preceding two years. 

Federal law also generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. In addition, the Federal Reserve may prohibit the payment of dividends by a bank if such payment is determined, by reason of the financial condition of the bank, to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or if the bank is in default of payment of any assessment due to the FDIC. 

In addition to these restrictions, in December of 2009, the Board of Directors of our bank adopted resolutions that prohibit our bank from paying any dividends to our holding company without the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve and the OFIR. See "Recent Developments" above for more information. 

13 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Insider Transactions . Our bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on "covered transactions" with us or our subsidiaries, which include investments in our stock or other securities issued by us or our subsidiaries, the acceptance of our stock or other securities issued by us or our subsidiaries as collateral for loans, and extensions of credit to us or our subsidiaries. Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by our bank to the directors and officers of the Company, the bank, and the subsidiaries of the bank, to the principal shareholders of the Company, and to "related interests" of such directors, officers, and principal shareholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms upon which any person becoming one of our directors or officers or a principal shareholder may obtain credit from banks with which our bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 

Safety and Soundness Standards . Pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA"), the FDIC adopted guidelines to establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The guidelines establish standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality, and earnings. 

Investment and Other Activities . Under federal law and regulations, FDIC-insured state banks are prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from making or retaining equity investments of a type, or in an amount, that are not permissible for a national bank. FDICIA, as implemented by FDIC regulations, also prohibits FDIC-insured state banks and their subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, from engaging as a principal in any activity that is not permitted for a national bank or its subsidiary, respectively, unless the bank meets, and continues to meet, its minimum regulatory capital requirements and the bank's primary federal regulator determines the activity would not pose a significant risk to the DIF. Impermissible investments and activities must be otherwise divested or discontinued within certain time frames set by the bank's primary federal regulator in accordance with federal law. These restrictions are not currently expected to have a material impact on the operations of our bank. 

Consumer Banking . Our bank's business includes making a variety of types of loans to individuals. In making these loans, our bank is subject to state usury and regulatory laws and to various federal statutes, including the privacy of consumer financial information provisions of the Gramm Leach-Bliley Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, and the regulations promulgated under these statutes, which (among other things) prohibit discrimination, specify disclosures to be made to borrowers regarding credit and settlement costs, and regulate the mortgage loan servicing activities of our bank, including the maintenance and operation of escrow accounts and the transfer of mortgage loan servicing. In receiving deposits, our bank is subject to extensive regulation under state and federal law and regulations, including the Truth in Savings Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Violation of these laws could result in the imposition of significant damages and fines upon our bank and its directors and officers. 

Branching Authority . Michigan banks, such as our bank, have the authority under Michigan law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Michigan, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. Banks may establish interstate branch networks through acquisitions of other banks. The establishment of de novo interstate branches or the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) is allowed only if specifically authorized by state law. 

Michigan permits both U.S. and non-U.S. banks to establish branch offices in Michigan. The Michigan Banking Code permits, in appropriate circumstances and with the approval of the OFIR (1) acquisition of Michigan banks by FDIC-insured banks or savings banks located in other states, (2) sale by a Michigan bank of branches to an FDIC-insured bank or savings bank located in a state in which a Michigan bank could purchase branches of the purchasing entity, (3) consolidation of Michigan banks and FDIC-insured banks or savings banks located in other states having laws permitting such consolidation, (4) establishment of branches in Michigan by FDIC-insured banks located in other states, the District of Columbia or U.S. territories or protectorates having laws permitting a Michigan bank to establish a branch in such jurisdiction, and (5) establishment by foreign banks of branches located in Michigan. 

14 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS (Continued) 

Mepco Finance Corporation 

Our subsidiary, Mepco Finance Corporation, is engaged in the business of acquiring and servicing payment plans used by consumers throughout the United States who have purchased a vehicle service contract and choose to make monthly payments for their coverage. In the typical transaction, no interest or other finance charge is charged to these consumers. As a result, Mepco is generally not subject to regulation under consumer lending laws. However, Mepco is subject to various federal and state laws designed to protect consumers, including laws against unfair and deceptive trade practices and laws regulating Mepco's payment processing activities, such as the Electronic Funds Transfer Act. 

Mepco purchases payment plans from companies (which we refer to as Mepco s counterparties that provide vehicle service contracts to consumers. The payment plans (which are classified as payment plan receivables in our consolidated statements of financial condition) permit a consumer to purchase a service contract by making installment payments, generally for a term of 12 to 24 months, to the sellers of those contracts (one of the counterparties ). Mepco does not have recourse against the consumer for nonpayment of a payment plan, and therefore does not evaluate the creditworthiness of the individual customer. When consumers stop making payments or exercise their right to voluntarily cancel the contract, the remaining unpaid balance of the payment plan is normally recouped by Mepco from the counterparties that sold the contract and provided the coverage. The refund obligations of these counterparties are not fully secured. We record losses or charges in vehicle service contract contingencies expense, included in non-interest expenses, for estimated defaults by these counterparties in their obligations to Mepco. 

Our annual reports on Forms 10-K, quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, current reports on Forms 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website at www.IndependentBank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. 

15 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE 

I. 

(A) 

DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY; 

(B) 

INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST DIFFERENTIAL 

(C) 

INTEREST RATES AND DIFFERENTIAL 

The information set forth in the tables captioned "Average Balances and Rates" and "Change in Net Interest Income" of our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 

II. 

INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 

(A) The following table sets forth the book value of securities at December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(in thousands) 

Trading - Preferred stock 

32 

54 

1,929 

Available for sale 

States and political subdivisions 

31,259 

67,132 

105,553 

U.S agency residential mortgage-backed 

13,331 

47,522 

48,029 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

14,184 

30,975 

36,887 

Trust preferred 

9,090 

13,017 

12,706 

Other asset-backed 

-- 

5,505 

7,421 

Preferred stock 

-- 

-- 

4,816 

Total 

67,864 

164,151 

215,412 

(B) The following table sets forth contractual maturities of securities at December 31, 2010 and the weighted average yield of such securities: 

Maturing 

Within 

One Year 

Maturing 

After One 

But Within 

Five Years 

Maturing 

After Five 

But Within 

Ten Years 

Maturing 

After 

Ten Years 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

(dollars in thousands) 

Trading Preferred stock 

32 

0.00 

Tax equivalent adjustment for calculations of yield 

-- 

Available for sale 

States and political subdivisions 

2,182 

4.66 

8,655 

4.26 

9,757 

4.13 

10,665 

3.97 

U.S agency residential mortgage-backed 

24 

5.96 

184 

4.81 

366 

3.58 

12,757 

4.18 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

-- 

6,224 

5.36 

7,401 

5.05 

559 

4.23 

Trust preferred 

-- 

-- 

-- 

9,090 

7.00 

Total 

2,206 

4.68 

15,063 

4.73 

17,524 

4.51 

33,071 

4.89 

Tax equivalent adjustment for calculations of yield 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

The rates set forth in the tables above for obligations of state and political subdivisions have not been restated on a tax equivalent basis due to the current net operating loss carryforward position and the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

16 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE (Continued) 

III. 

LOAN PORTFOLIO 

(A) The following table sets forth total loans outstanding at December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Loans held for sale 

50,098 

34,234 

27,603 

33,960 

31,846 

Mortgage 

658,679 

749,298 

839,496 

873,945 

865,522 

Commercial 

707,530 

840,367 

976,391 

1,066,276 

1,083,921 

Installment 

245,644 

303,366 

356,806 

368,478 

350,273 

Payment plan receivables 

201,263 

406,341 

286,836 

209,631 

160,171 

Total Loans 

1,863,214 

2,333,606 

2,487,132 

2,552,290 

2,491,733 

The loan portfolio is periodically and systematically reviewed, and the results of these reviews are reported to the Board of Directors of our bank. The purpose of these reviews is to assist in assuring proper loan documentation, to facilitate compliance with consumer protection laws and regulations, to provide for the early identification of potential problem loans (which enhances collection prospects) and to evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 

(B) The following table sets forth scheduled loan repayments (excluding 1-4 family residential mortgages and installment loans) at December 31, 2010: 

Due 

Within 

One Year 

Due 

After One 

But Within 

Five Years 

Due 

After 

Five Years 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Mortgage 

36,109 

9,595 

4,381 

50,085 

Commercial 

303,690 

364,061 

39,779 

707,530 

Payment plan receivables 

101,973 

99,290 

-- 

201,263 

Total 

441,772 

472,946 

44,160 

958,878 

The following table sets forth loans due after one year which have predetermined (fixed) interest rates and/or adjustable (variable) interest rates at December 31, 2010: 

Fixed Rate 

Variable Rate 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Due after one but within five years 

463,358 

9,588 

472,946 

Due after five years 

39,944 

4,216 

44,160 

Total 

503,302 

13,804 

517,106 

17 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE (Continued) 

LOAN PORTFOLIO (Continued) 

(C) The following table sets forth loans on non-accrual, loans ninety days or more past due and troubled debt restructured loans at December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

(a) Loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis (1, 2) 

66,652 

105,965 

122,639 

72,682 

35,683 

(b) Aggregate amount of loans ninety days or more past due (excludes loans in (a) above) 

928 

3,940 

2,626 

4,394 

3,479 

(c) Loans not included above which are "troubled debt restructurings" as defined by accounting guidance 

113,813 

71,961 

9,160 

173 

60 

Total 

181,393 

181,866 

134,425 

77,249 

39,222 

(1) 

The accrual of interest income is discontinued when a loan becomes 90 days past due and the borrower's capacity to repay the loan and collateral values appear insufficient. Non-accrual loans may be restored to accrual status when interest and principal payments are current and the loan appears otherwise collectible. 

(2) 

Interest in the amount of 11,502,000 would have been earned in 2010 had loans in categories (a) and (c) remained at their original terms; however, only 5,376,000 was included in interest income for the year with respect to these loans. 

Other loans of concern identified by the loan review department which are not included as non-performing totaled approximately 7,100,000 at December 31, 2010. These loans involve circumstances which have caused management to place increased scrutiny on the credits and may, in some instances, represent an increased risk of loss. 

At December 31, 2010, there was no concentration of loans exceeding 10 of total loans which is not already disclosed as a category of loans in this section "Loan Portfolio" (Item III(A)). 

There were no other interest-bearing assets at December 31, 2010, that would be required to be disclosed above (Item III(C)), if such assets were loans. 

Total loans in 2010 and 2009 include 0.1 million and 1.7 million, respectively of payment plan receivables from customers domiciled in Canada. There were no other foreign loans outstanding prior to that time. 

18 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE (Continued) 

IV. 

SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE 

(A) The following table sets forth loan balances and summarizes the changes in the allowance for loan losses for each of the years ended December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(dollars in thousands) 

Total loans outstanding at the end of the year (net of unearned fees) 

1,863,214 

2,333,606 

2,487,132 

Average total loans outstanding for the year (net of unearned fees) 

2,082,117 

2,470,568 

2,569,368 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commit- 

ments 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commit- 

ments 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commit- 

ments 

Balance at beginning of year 

81,717 

1,858 

57,900 

2,144 

45,294 

1,936 

Loans charged-off 

Mortgage 

20,263 

22,869 

11,942 

Commercial 

36,108 

51,840 

43,641 

Installment 

7,726 

7,562 

6,364 

Payment plan receivables 

82 

25 

49 

Total loans charged-off 

64,179 

82,296 

61,996 

Recoveries of loans previously charged-off 

Mortgage 

1,155 

791 

318 

Commercial 

969 

731 

1,800 

Installment 

1,475 

1,271 

1,340 

Payment plan receivables 

13 

2 

31 

Total recoveries 

3,612 

2,795 

3,489 

Net loans charged-off 

60,567 

79,501 

58,507 

Additions (deductions) included in operations 

46,765 

(536) 

103,318 

(286) 

71,113 

208 

Balance at end of year 

67,915 

1,322 

81,717 

1,858 

57,900 

2,144 

Net loans charged-off as a percent of average loans outstanding (includes loans held for sale) for the year 

2.91 

3.22 

2.28 

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of loans outstanding (includes loans held for sale) at the end of the year 

3.65 

3.50 

2.33 

19 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE (Continued) 

IV. 

SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE (Continued) 

2007 

2006 

(dollars in thousands) 

Total loans outstanding at the end of the year (net of unearned fees) 

2,552,290 

2,491,733 

Average total loans outstanding for the year (net of unearned fees) 

2,541,305 

2,472,091 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commit- 

ments 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commit- 

ments 

Balance at beginning of year 

26,879 

1,881 

22,420 

1,820 

Loans charged-off 

Mortgage 

6,644 

2,660 

Commercial 

14,236 

6,214 

Installment 

5,943 

4,913 

Payment plan receivables 

213 

274 

Total loans charged-off 

27,036 

14,061 

Recoveries of loans previously charged-off 

Mortgage 

381 

215 

Commercial 

328 

496 

Installment 

1,629 

1,526 

Payment plan receivables 

8 

Total recoveries 

2,346 

2,237 

Net loans charged-off 

24,690 

11,824 

Additions (deductions) included in operations 

43,105 

55 

16,283 

61 

Balance at end of year 

45,294 

1,936 

26,879 

1,881 

Net loans charged-off as a percent of average loans outstanding (includes loans held for sale) for the year 

.97 

.48 

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of loans outstanding (includes loans held for sale) at the end of the year 

1.77 

1.08 

The allowance for loan losses reflected above is a valuation allowance in its entirety and the only allowance available to absorb probable incurred loan losses. 

Further discussion of the provision and allowance for loan losses (a critical accounting policy) as well as non-performing loans, is presented in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), and is incorporated herein by reference. 

20 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE (Continued) 

IV. 

SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE (Continued) 

(B) We have allocated the allowance for loan losses to provide for probable incurred losses within the categories of loans set forth in the table below. The amount of the allowance that is allocated and the ratio of loans within each category to total loans at December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Allowance 

Amount 

Percent 

of Loans to 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Amount 

Percent 

of Loans to 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Amount 

Percent 

of Loans to 

Total Loans 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

23,836 

38.0 

41,259 

36.1 

33,090 

39.3 

Mortgage 

22,642 

38.0 

18,434 

33.5 

8,729 

34.9 

Installment 

6,769 

13.2 

6,404 

13.0 

4,264 

14.3 

Payment plan receivables 

389 

10.8 

754 

17.4 

486 

11.5 

Unallocated 

14,279 

14,866 

11,331 

Total 

67,915 

100.0 

81,717 

100.0 

57,900 

100.0 

2007 

2006 

Allowance 

Amount 

Percent 

of Loans to 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Amount 

Percent 

of Loans to 

Total Loans 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

27,829 

41.8 

15,010 

43.5 

Mortgage 

4,657 

35.6 

1,645 

36.0 

Installment 

3,224 

14.4 

2,469 

14.1 

Payment plan receivables 

475 

8.2 

292 

6.4 

Unallocated 

9,109 

7,463 

Total 

45,294 

100.0 

26,879 

100.0 

21 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS -- STATISTICAL DISCLOSURE (Continued) 

V. 

DEPOSITS 

The following table sets forth average deposit balances and the weighted-average rates paid thereon for the years ended December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

(dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest bearing demand 

349,376 

321,802 

301,117 

Savings and NOW 

1,089,992 

0.26 

992,529 

0.58 

968,180 

1.06 

Time deposits 

978,098 

2.59 

1,019,624 

2.91 

917,403 

3.97 

Total 

2,417,466 

1.17 

2,333,955 

1.52 

2,186,700 

2.14 

The following table summarizes time deposits in amounts of 100,000 or more by time remaining until maturity at December 31, 2010: 

(in thousands) 

Three months or less 

42,581 

Over three through six months 

28,367 

Over six months through one year 

48,947 

Over one year 

46,233 

Total 

166,128 

VI. 

RETURN ON EQUITY AND ASSETS 

The ratio of net income (loss) to average shareholders' equity and to average total assets, and certain other ratios, for the years ended December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Income (loss) from continuing operations as a percent of (1) 

Average common equity 

(54.38) 

(90.72) 

(39.01) 

3.96 

13.06 

Average total assets 

(0.75) 

(3.17) 

(2.88) 

0.31 

0.99 

Net income (loss) as a percent of (1) 

Average common equity 

(54.38) 

(90.72) 

(39.01) 

4.12 

12.82 

Average total assets 

(0.75) 

(3.17) 

(2.88) 

0.32 

0.97 

Dividends declared per share as a percent of diluted net income per share 

0.00 

NM 

NM 

185.43 

54.73 

Average shareholders' equity as a percent of average total assets 

3.92 

5.80 

7.50 

7.72 

7.60 

(1) For 2010, 2009 and 2008, these amounts are calculated using loss from continuing operations applicable to common stock and net loss applicable to common stock. 

NM Not meaningful. 

Additional performance ratios are set forth in Selected Consolidated Financial Data in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), and is incorporated herein by reference. Any significant changes in the current trend of the above ratios are reviewed in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), and is incorporated herein by reference. 

22 

VII. 

SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 

Short-term borrowings are discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference to Item 8, Part II of this report. 

23 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

Our results of operations, financial condition, and business may be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to successfully implement our Capital Plan. 

Our Capital Plan, which is described in more detail under Business Recent Developments above, has a primary objective of achieving and thereafter maintaining certain minimum capital ratios required by resolutions adopted by our bank's Board of Directors in December 2009 (as subsequently amended). In 2009 and 2010, we engaged in various transactions to help us achieve the minimum capital ratios set forth in the Capital Plan, which are also described under "Business Recent Developments" above. However, we have not yet completed the final initiative of our Capital Plan, which is a public offering for cash. As of December 31, 2010, our bank met one of the two minimum capital ratios set forth in the resolutions, but not both. 

In light of our continued improvements in asset quality and other positive indicators, including our updated financial projections, we are reevaluating our alternatives for achieving the objectives of the Capital Plan, including the size and timing of any common stock offering. This evaluation will take into account our ongoing operating results, as well as input from our financial advisors and the Treasury. 

However, whatever strategy we pursue to reach the objectives of the Capital Plan will involve risks and uncertainties. The successful implementation of our Capital Plan is, in many respects, largely out of our control as it primarily depends on factors such as our ability to raise new capital, which depends on factors such as the stability of the financial markets, other macro economic conditions, and investors perception of the ability of the Michigan economy to continue to recover from the current recession. In addition, other risks, including each of those described in these "Risk Factors," could negatively affect our operating performance in significant ways, which would in turn have a negative impact on our ability to reach the goals set forth in our Capital Plan. 

If we are unable to achieve the minimum capital ratios set forth in our Capital Plan, it would likely materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and the value of our securities. An inability to improve our capital position would make it very difficult for us to withstand continued losses as a result of continued economic difficulties in Michigan and other factors, as described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. It is possible that our bank s capital could fall below the levels necessary to remain well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards. In that case, our primary bank regulators may impose regulatory restrictions and requirements on us through a regulatory enforcement action. If our bank fails to remain well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards, it will be prohibited from accepting or renewing brokered deposits without the prior consent of the FDIC, which would likely have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. If our regulators take enforcement action against us, it would likely increase our expenses (due to additional costs associated with complying with such enforcement action) and could limit our business operations (due to restrictions imposed by the enforcement action). There could be other expenses associated with a continued deterioration of our capital, such as increased deposit insurance premiums payable to the FDIC. 

Because of our financial condition at March 31, 2010, we received a letter from Fannie Mae in May 2010 advising us that we were in breach of our selling and servicing contract with Fannie Mae. The letter states that if this breach is not remedied as evidenced by our call report as of June 30, 2010, Fannie Mae will suspend our servicing contract. The suspension of our contract with Fannie Mae could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. While our bank remains well-capitalized as of December 31, 2010, the financial condition underlying the May 2010 letter has not been remedied and we have not received further correspondence from Fannie Mae. Thus, this matter remains unresolved and the risk exists that Fannie Mae may require us to very quickly sell or transfer mortgage servicing rights to a third party or unilaterally strip us of such servicing rights if we cannot complete an approved transfer. Depending on the terms of any such transaction, this forced sale or transfer of such mortgage loan servicing rights could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and future earnings prospects. Although we have not received any notice from Freddie Mac similar to the notice we received from Fannie Mae, a similar type of action could be taken by Freddie Mac. 

Additional restrictions would make it increasingly difficult for us to withstand the current economic conditions, any continued deterioration in our loan portfolio, or any additional charges related to estimated potential incurred losses for Mepco from vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies. We could then be required to engage in a sale or other transaction with a third party or our bank could be placed into receivership by bank regulators. Any such event could be expected to result in a loss of the entire value of our outstanding shares of common stock and it could also result in a loss of the entire value of our outstanding trust preferred securities and preferred stock. 

24 

We may not achieve results similar to our current financial projections. 

In our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), we disclose certain information regarding our potential future financial performance, including our belief that our bank can remain above well-capitalized for regulatory purposes for the foreseeable future, even without additional capital, and attain the bank regulatory capital ratios required by the Capital Plan in 2012 and our belief that our bank can return to profitability in 2012. These projections and assumptions were based on information about circumstances and conditions existing as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The projections are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and, though considered reasonable by us, are subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that actual results will not be significantly different than the information disclosed. It is possible that our bank may not be able to remain well-capitalized as we work through asset quality issues and seek to return to consistent profitability. Any significant deterioration in or inability to improve our capital position would make it very difficult for us to withstand continued losses that we may incur and that may be increased or made more likely as a result of continued economic difficulties and other factors. We do not intend to update any such forward-looking information. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of these projections, as the projections are not, and should not be taken as, a guarantee of our future financial performance or condition. 

We have credit risk inherent in our loan portfolios, and our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses, despite analyses that have been conducted (both internally and externally by independent third parties) to assess the adequacy of our allowance. 

Our loan customers may not repay their loans according to their respective terms, and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient to cover any losses we may incur. We have experienced and may continue to experience significant credit losses which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. Non-performing loans amounted to 67.6 million and 109.9 million at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively. Our allowance coverage ratio of non-performing loans was 100.5 and 74.4 at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively. In determining the size of the allowance for loan losses, we rely on our experience and our evaluation of current economic conditions. If our assumptions or judgments prove to be incorrect, our current allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover certain loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio, and adjustments may be necessary to account for different economic conditions or adverse developments in our loan portfolio. Material additions to our allowance would adversely impact our operating results. In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize additional loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs required by these regulatory agencies would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Although we have performed internal and external testing of our loan portfolio to help ensure the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, if the assumptions or judgments used in these analyses prove to be incorrect, our current allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio. In addition, these analyses were completed in early 2010, and we have not undertaken updated analyses with the same level of detail. Material additions to our allowance would adversely impact our operating results. In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize additional loan charge-offs, notwithstanding any internal or external analysis that has been performed. 

25 

Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by current conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally, and particularly by economic conditions in Michigan. 

Our success depends to a great extent upon the general economic conditions in Michigan s lower peninsula. We have in general experienced a slowing economy in Michigan since 2001. Unlike larger banks that are more geographically diversified, we provide banking services to customers primarily in Michigan s lower peninsula. Our loan portfolio, the ability of the borrowers to repay these loans, and the value of the collateral securing these loans will be impacted by local economic conditions. The economic difficulties faced in Michigan have had and may continue to have many adverse consequences, including the following: 

Loan delinquencies may increase; 

Problem assets and foreclosures may increase; 

Demand for our products and services may decline; and 

Collateral for our loans may decline in value, in turn reducing customers borrowing power and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with existing loans. 

Additionally, the overall capital and credit markets have experienced unprecedented levels of volatility and disruption since the start of the U.S. recession. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. As a consequence of the U.S. recession, business activity across a wide range of industries faces serious difficulties due to the lack of consumer spending and the extreme lack of liquidity in the global credit markets. Unemployment has also increased significantly and may continue to increase. While Michigan's unemployment rate has declined in recent months, it is still among the highest of all states. 

While we believe we started to see some positive trends in the Michigan economy in 2010, the general business environment has continued to have an overall adverse effect on our business during 2010. If conditions do not show some meaningful and sustainable improvement, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will likely continue to be adversely affected by economic conditions. 

Current market developments, particularly in real estate markets, may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Dramatic declines in the housing market in recent years, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures and unemployment, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant write-downs of asset values by us and other financial institutions. These write-downs have caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. As a result of these conditions, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced, and in some cases ceased to provide, funding to borrowers including financial institutions. 

Although we believe the Michigan economy started to show signs of stabilization in 2010, it is possible conditions will not stabilize or recover at or even close to the pace expected. 

This market turmoil and tightening of credit have led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility, and widespread reduction of business activity generally. The resulting lack of available credit, lack of confidence in the financial sector, increased volatility in the financial markets, and reduced business activity could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further negative market developments may continue to negatively affect consumer confidence levels and may continue to contribute to increases in delinquencies and default rates, which may impact our charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. A worsening of these conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on us and others in the financial services industry. 

26 

Events in the vehicle service contract industry over the past few years have increased our credit risk and reputation risk and could expose us to further significant losses. 

One of our subsidiaries, Mepco, is engaged in the business of acquiring and servicing payment plans for consumers who purchase vehicle service contracts and similar products. The receivables generated in this business involve a different, and generally higher, level of risk of delinquency or collection than generally associated with the loan portfolios of our bank. Upon cancellation of the payment plans acquired by Mepco (whether due to voluntary cancellation by the consumer or non-payment), the third party entities that provide the service contracts or other products to consumers become obligated to refund Mepco the unearned portion of the sales price previously funded by Mepco. The refund obligations of these counterparties are not fully secured. 

In addition, several of these providers, including the counterparty described in the next risk factor below and other companies from which Mepco has purchased payment plans, have been sued or are under investigation for alleged violations of telemarketing laws and other consumer protection laws. The actions have been brought primarily by state attorneys general and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) but there have also been class action and other private lawsuits filed. In some cases, the companies have been placed into receivership, filed bankruptcy, or discontinued their business. In addition, the allegations, particularly those relating to blatantly abusive telemarketing practices by a relatively small number of marketers, have resulted in a significant amount of negative publicity that has adversely affected and may in the future continue to adversely affect sales and customer cancellations of purchased products throughout the industry, which have already been negatively impacted by the economic recession. It is possible these events could also cause federal or state lawmakers to enact legislation to further regulate the industry. 

These events have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on Mepco in several ways. First, we face increased risk with respect to certain counterparties defaulting in their contractual obligations to Mepco which could result in additional charges for losses if these counterparties go out of business. Second, these events have negatively affected sales and customer cancellations in the industry, which has had and is expected to continue to have a negative impact on the profitability of Mepco s business. In addition, if any federal or state investigation is expanded to include finance companies such as Mepco, Mepco will face additional legal and other expenses in connection with any such investigation. An increased level of private actions in which Mepco is named as a defendant will also cause Mepco to incur additional legal expenses as well as potential liability. Finally, Mepco has incurred and will likely continue to incur additional legal and other expenses, in general, in dealing with these industry problems. Net payment plan receivables totaled 201.3 million (or approximately 7.9 of total assets) and 406.3 million (or approximately 13.7 of total assets) at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We expect that the amount of total payment plan receivables will decline at a more moderate pace during 2011. This decline in payment plan receivables has adversely impacted our net interest income and net interest margin. 

Mepco has significant exposure to a single counterparty that filed bankruptcy in 2010. The charges we have taken for expected losses related to the failure of this counterparty have had a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If actual losses exceed the charges we have taken, we may incur additional losses that could be material. 

Mepco had purchased a significant amount of payment plans from a single counterparty that declared bankruptcy on March 1, 2010. The amount of payment plan receivables purchased from this counterparty and outstanding at December 31, 2010 totaled approximately 29.0 million (compared to 206.1 million at December 31, 2009). In addition, as of December 31, 2010, this counterparty owed Mepco 49.2 million for previously cancelled payment plans. The bankruptcy and wind down of operations by this counterparty is likely to lead to substantial potential losses as this entity will not be in a position to honor all of its obligations on payment plans that Mepco had purchased which are cancelled prior to payment in full. Mepco will seek to recover amounts owed by the counterparty from various co-obligors and guarantors, through the liquidation of certain collateral held by Mepco, and through claims against this counterparty s bankruptcy estate. In the last half of 2009, Mepco established a 19.0 million reserve for losses related to this counterparty. During 2010 this reserve was increased by 3.6 million, to 22.6 million as of December 31, 2010. In addition, at December 31, 2010, Mepco had recorded a receivable of 3.4 million for debtor-in-possession financing and associated professional fees related to the above described single counterparty. 

27 

We believe our assumptions regarding our ability to collect amounts owing to Mepco as a result of this counterparty's failure are reasonable, and we based them on our good faith judgments using data currently available. We also believe the current amount of reserves we have established and the vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expense that we have recorded are appropriate given our estimate of probable incurred losses at the applicable balance sheet date. However, because of the uncertainty surrounding the numerous and complex assumptions made, there is a risk that the reserves we have established related to the failure of this counterparty will not be sufficient to absorb the actual losses we may incur, as described in more detail in the next risk factor. 

The assumptions we make in calculating estimated potential losses for Mepco may be inaccurate, which could lead to losses that are materially greater than the charges we have taken to date. 

We make a number of key assumptions in calculating the estimated potential losses for Mepco, including the likelihood that a counterparty could discontinue its business operations, the cancellation rates for outstanding payment plans, the value of and our ability to collect any collateral securing the amounts owed to Mepco upon cancellation of outstanding payment plans, and our ability to collect such amounts from other counterparties obligated to Mepco. It is only within the approximately past 18 to 24 months that events have occurred that have led to a significant increase in vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expense. The aggregate amount of vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expense recorded in past years has grown from 0 in 2007, to 1.0 million in 2008, to 31.2 million in 2009, and declined to 18.6 million in 2010. As a result, Mepco does not have much historical data to draw from in making the assumptions necessary to predict probable incurred losses (such as the ability to successfully recover from service contract administrators amounts funded by Mepco to the service contract seller). If actual cancellation rates are higher than we estimated or if actual counterparty repayments are less than we estimated, the amount of our reserves may be insufficient to cover our actual losses, and the additional losses we incur could be material. Moreover, we have been forced to bring suit against certain counterparties in order to collect amounts owed to Mepco. We expect we will need to initiate additional lawsuits against other counterparties that do not pay their obligations to Mepco, which adds further uncertainty to our assumptions. These assumptions are very difficult to make, and actual events could be materially different from any one or more of our assumptions. In that case, we may incur additional, and possibly material, losses in excess of the charges we have taken. 

Mepco has historically contributed a meaningful amount of profit to our consolidated results of operations, but the size of its business shrunk significantly in 2010 and may continue to shrink, albeit at a more moderate pace. 

For 2008 and 2007, Mepco had net income of 10.7 million and 5.5 million, respectively. With the counterparty losses experienced by Mepco late in 2009 (including those related to the counterparty described above) and a 16.7 million goodwill impairment charge, Mepco incurred an 11.7 million loss in 2009. For 2010, Mepco reported a net loss of 1.4 million. 

Net payment plan receivables totaled 201.3 million (or approximately 7.9 of total assets) and 406.3 million (or approximately 13.7 of total assets) at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. This represents a decline of over 50 in 2010. We expect that the amount of total payment plan receivables will decline at a more moderate pace during 2011. This decline in payment plan receivables has adversely impacted our net interest income and net interest margin. 

Mepco s business is highly specialized and presents unique operational and internal control challenges. 

Mepco faces unique operational and internal control challenges due to the relatively rapid turnover of its portfolio and high volume of new payment plans. Mepco s business is highly specialized, and its success depends largely on the continued services of its executives and other key employees familiar with its business. In addition, because activity in this market is conducted primarily through relationships with unaffiliated vehicle service contract direct marketers and administrators and because the customers are located nationwide, risk management and general supervisory oversight is generally more difficult than in our bank. The risk of third party fraud is also higher as a result of these factors. Acts of fraud are difficult to detect and deter, and we cannot assure investors that the risk management procedures and controls will prevent losses from fraudulent activity. Although we have an internal control system at Mepco, we may be exposed to the risk of material loss in this business. 

28 

Our operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to secure adequate funding. Our use of wholesale funding sources exposes us to liquidity risk and potential earnings volatility. 

We rely on wholesale funding, including Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings, brokered deposits, and Federal Reserve Bank borrowings, to augment our core deposits to fund our business. As of December 31, 2010, our use of such wholesale funding sources amounted to approximately 344.6 million or 14.8 of total funding. Because wholesale funding sources are affected by general market conditions, the availability of funding from wholesale sources may be dependent on the confidence these parties have in our commercial and consumer banking operations. The continued availability to us of these funding sources is uncertain, and brokered deposits may be difficult for us to retain or replace at attractive rates as they mature. Our liquidity will be constrained if we are unable to renew our wholesale funding sources or if adequate financing is not available in the future at acceptable rates of interest or at all. We may not have sufficient liquidity to continue to fund new loans, and we may need to liquidate loans or other assets unexpectedly, in order to repay obligations as they mature. 

The constraint on our liquidity would be exacerbated if we were to experience a reduction in our core deposits, and we cannot be sure we will be able to maintain our current level of core deposits. In particular, those deposits that are currently uninsured or those deposits that were in the FDIC Transaction Account Guarantee Program TAGP ), which expired on December 31, 2010, may be particularly susceptible to outflow, although the Dodd-Frank Act extended protection similar to that provided under the TAGP through December 31, 2012 for only non-interest bearing transaction accounts. At December 31, 2010 we had 156.9 million of uninsured deposits and an additional 139.0 million of deposits that were in non-interest bearing transaction accounts and fully insured through December 31, 2012 under the Dodd-Frank Act. A reduction in core deposits would increase our need to rely on wholesale funding sources, at a time when our ability to do so may be more restricted, as described above. 

As a result of these liquidity risks, we have increased our level of overnight cash balances in interest-bearing accounts to 336.4 million at December 31, 2010 from 223.5 million at December 31, 2009. We have also issued longer-term (two to five years) callable brokered certificates of deposit and reduced certain secured borrowings to increase available funding sources. We believe these actions will assist us in meeting our liquidity needs during 2011. However, these actions have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on our net interest income and net interest margin. Net interest income totaled 111.7 million during 2010, which represents a 26.9 million or 19.4 decrease from 2009. The decrease in net interest income in 2010 compared to 2009 reflects decline in our net interest margin as well as a decrease in average interest-earning assets. 

In addition, if we fail to remain well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards, we will be prohibited from accepting or renewing brokered deposits without the prior consent of the FDIC. As of December 31, 2010, we had brokered deposits of approximately 273.5 million. Approximately 22.2 million of these brokered deposits mature during the next 12 months. As a result, any such restrictions on our ability to access brokered deposits are likely to have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

Moreover, we cannot be sure we will be able to maintain our current level of core deposits. Our deposit customers could move their deposits in reaction to media reports about bank failures in general or, particularly, if our financial condition were to deteriorate further. A reduction in core deposits would increase our need to rely on wholesale funding sources, at a time when our ability to do so may be more restricted, as described above. 

Our financial performance will be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources. In such case, our net interest income and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Dividends being deferred on our outstanding trust preferred securities and our outstanding preferred stock are accumulating and are expected to continue to increase as we have no current plans to resume such dividend payments at any time in the near future. 

We are currently deferring payment of quarterly dividends on our preferred stock held by the Treasury, which pays cumulative dividends quarterly at a rate of 5 per annum through February 14, 2014, and 9 per annum thereafter. In addition, we have exercised our right to defer all quarterly interest payments on the subordinated debentures we issued to our trust subsidiaries. As a result, all quarterly dividends on the related trust preferred securities are also being deferred. We may defer such interest payments for a total of 20 consecutive calendar quarters without causing an event of default under the documents governing these securities. After such period, we must pay all deferred interest and resume quarterly interest payments or we will be in default. 

29 

We do not have any current plans to resume dividend payments on our outstanding trust preferred securities or our outstanding preferred stock. If and when either of such payments resume, however, the accrued amounts must be paid and made current. As of December 31, 2010, the amount of these accrued but unpaid dividends on our outstanding trust preferred securities and our outstanding Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was 5.0 million. 

We face uncertainty with respect to legislative efforts by the federal government to help stabilize the U.S. financial system, address problems that caused the recent crisis in the U.S. financial markets, or otherwise regulate the financial services industry. 

Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2008, the federal government enacted new laws intended to strengthen and restore confidence in the U.S. financial system. See Business Regulatory Developments above for additional information regarding these developments. There can be no assurance, however, as to the actual impact that such programs will have on the financial markets, including the extreme levels of volatility and limited credit availability currently being experienced. The failure of these and other programs to stabilize the financial markets and a continuation or worsening of depressed financial market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, access to credit, or the trading price of our common stock. 

In addition, additional legislation or regulations may be adopted in the future that could adversely impact us. For example, on July 21, 2010, the President signed the Dodd-Frank Act into law, which includes the creation of a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with power to promulgate and, with respect to financial institutions with more than 10 billion in assets, enforce consumer protection laws, the creation of a Financial Stability Oversight Council chaired by the Secretary of the Treasury with authority to identify institutions and practices that might pose a systemic risk, provisions affecting corporate governance and executive compensation of all companies whose securities are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, a provision that will broaden the base for FDIC insurance assessments and permanently increase FDIC deposit insurance to 250,000, a provision under which interchange fees for debit cards of issuers with at least 10 billion in assets will be set by the Federal Reserve under a restrictive reasonable and proportional cost per transaction standard, a provision that will require bank regulators to set minimum capital levels for bank holding companies that are as strong as those required for their insured depository subsidiaries, subject to a grandfather clause for financial institutions with less than 15 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009, and new restrictions on how mortgage brokers and loan originators may be compensated. When implemented, these provisions may impact our business operations and may negatively affect our earnings and financial condition by affecting our ability to offer certain products or earn certain fees and by exposing us to increased compliance and other costs. Many aspects of the new law require federal regulatory authorities to issue regulations that have not yet been issued, so the full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act is not yet known. This legislation as well as other similar federal initiatives could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We have credit risk inherent in our securities portfolio. 

We maintain diversified securities portfolios, which include obligations of the Treasury and government-sponsored agencies as well as securities issued by states and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. We also invest in capital securities, which include preferred stocks and trust preferred securities. We seek to limit credit losses in our securities portfolios by generally purchasing only highly rated securities (rated AA or higher by a major debt rating agency) or by conducting significant due diligence on the issuer for unrated securities. However, gross unrealized losses on securities available for sale in our portfolio totaled approximately 5.2 million as of December 31, 2010 (compared to approximately 10 million as of December 31, 2009). We believe these unrealized losses are temporary in nature and are expected to be recovered within a reasonable time period as we believe we have the ability to hold the securities to maturity or until such time as the unrealized losses reverse. However, we evaluate securities available for sale for other than temporary impairment (OTTI) at least quarterly and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Those evaluations may result in OTTI charges to our earnings. In addition to these impairment charges, we may, in the future, experience additional losses in our securities portfolio which may result in charges that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

30 

Our mortgage-banking revenues are susceptible to substantial variations dependent largely upon factors that we do not control, such as market interest rates. 

A portion of our revenues are derived from gains on the sale of real estate mortgage loans. We realized net gains of 12.3 million on the sale of mortgage loans during 2010 compared to 10.9 million during 2009. These net gains primarily depend on the volume of loans we sell, which in turn depends on our ability to originate real estate mortgage loans and the demand for fixed-rate obligations and other loans that are outside of our established interest-rate risk parameters. Net gains on real estate mortgage loans are also dependent upon economic and competitive factors as well as our ability to effectively manage exposure to changes in interest rates. Consequently, they can often be a volatile part of our overall revenues. 

Fluctuations in interest rates could reduce our profitability. 

We realize income primarily from the difference between interest earned on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Our interest income and interest expense are affected by general economic conditions and by the policies of regulatory authorities. While we have taken measures intended to manage the risks of operating in a changing interest rate environment, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in avoiding undue interest rate risk. We expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap will work against us, and our earnings may be negatively affected. 

We are unable to predict fluctuations of market interest rates, which are affected by, among other factors, changes in the following: 

inflation or deflation rates; 

levels of business activity; 

recession; 

unemployment levels; 

money supply; 

domestic or foreign events; and 

instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. 

We rely heavily on our management team, and the unexpected loss of key managers may adversely affect our operations and the ability to implement our Capital Plan and business strategies. 

The continuity of our operations is influenced strongly by our ability to attract and to retain senior management experienced in banking and financial services. Our ability to retain executive officers and the current management teams of each of our lines of business will continue to be important to successful implementation of our Capital Plan and our strategies. We do not have employment or non-compete agreements with any of our executives or other key employees (although we recently entered into a Consulting and Transition Agreement with our Chief Executive Office in connection with our recently announced management transition plan). In addition, we face restrictions on our ability to compensate our executives as a result of our participation in the CPP under TARP. Many of our competitors do not face these same restrictions. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Competition with other financial institutions could adversely affect our profitability. 

We face vigorous competition from banks and other financial institutions, including savings banks, finance companies, and credit unions. A number of these banks and other financial institutions have substantially greater resources and lending limits, larger branch systems, and a wider array of banking services. To a limited extent, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money market mutual funds, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and insurance companies, which are not subject to the same degree of regulation as that imposed on bank holding companies. As a result, these non-bank competitors may have an advantage over us in providing certain services, and this competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking services, reduce our market share, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We will face challenges in our ability to achieve future growth in the near term. 

Our current capital position has prevented us from pursuing any meaningful growth initiatives, and we have taken actions to shrink our balance sheet. Our current focus, as discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders included as Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is to strengthen our capital base, as opposed to pursuing growth. 

31 

We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in federal and local laws and regulations. 

We are generally subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by federal and state banking authorities. The burden of regulatory compliance has increased under current legislation and banking regulations and is likely to continue to have a significant impact on the financial services industry. Recent legislative and regulatory changes as well as changes in regulatory enforcement policies and capital adequacy guidelines are likely to increase our cost of doing business. In addition, future legislative or regulatory changes could have a substantial impact on us. Additional legislation and regulations may be enacted or adopted in the future that could significantly affect our powers, authority, and operations; increase our costs of doing business; and, as a result, give an advantage to our competitors who may not be subject to similar legislative and regulatory requirements. Further, regulators have significant discretion and power to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws by banks and bank holding companies in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. The exercise of regulatory power may have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

There have been numerous media reports about bank failures, which we expect will continue as additional banks fail. These reports have created concerns among certain of our customers, particularly those with deposit balances in excess of deposit insurance limits. 

We have proactively sought to provide appropriate information to our deposit customers about our organization in order to retain our business and deposit relationships. To date, we have not experienced a meaningful loss of core deposits, nor have we had to offer above market interest rates in order to retain our core deposits. However, we cannot be sure we will continue to be successful in maintaining the majority of our core deposit base. The outflow of significant amounts of deposits could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. 

Increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 

As an FDIC-insured institution, we are required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Due to higher levels of bank failures beginning in 2008, the FDIC has taken numerous steps to restore reserve ratios of the deposit insurance fund. Our deposit insurance expense increased substantially in 2009 compared to prior periods, reflecting higher rates and a special assessment of 1.4 million in the second quarter of 2009. This industry-wide special assessment was equal to 5 basis points on our total assets less our Tier 1 capital. In addition, our balance of total deposits increased during 2009. During 2007, we fully utilized the assessment credits that reduced our expense during that year. 

Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system for deposit insurance premiums, all insured depository institutions are placed into one of four categories and assessed insurance premiums based primarily on their level of capital and supervisory evaluations. Deposit insurance assessments currently range from 0.07 to 0.78 of average domestic deposits, depending on an institution's risk classification and other factors. Effective beginning April 1, 2011, banks will be charged FDIC insurance premiums based on net assets (defined as the quarter to date average daily total assets less the quarter to date average daily Tier 1 capital) rather than based on average domestic deposits. Initial base assessment rates will vary from 0.05 to 0.35 of net assets and may be adjusted between negative 0.025 and positive 0.10 for an unsecured debt adjustment and a brokered deposit adjustment. Assuming that we remain in the same risk category, we expect that this new FDIC assessment system will result in a decline in our deposit insurance premiums. However, if our financial condition worsens and our Tier 1 capital deteriorates further, our deposit insurance expense may increase. The amount of deposit insurance that we are required to pay is also subject to factors outside of our control, including bank failures and regulatory initiatives. Such increases may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Initiatives we may take to fully implement our Capital Plan could be highly dilutive to our existing common shareholders. 

Our Capital Plan contemplates capital raising initiatives that involve the issuance of a significant number of shares of our common stock, as described under "Business Recent Developments" above. While we are currently re-evaluating the best strategy to implement our Capital Plan, any pursuit of these capital raising initiatives is likely to be highly dilutive to our existing common shareholders and their voting power. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of the dilutive effect of the capital raising transactions we may enter into or the perception that such transactions could occur. 

32 

It is possible the Treasury or one or more private investors could end up owning a significant percentage of our stock and have the ability to exert significant influence over our management and operations. 

One of the primary capital raising initiatives set forth in our Capital Plan consists of the conversion of the preferred stock held by the Treasury into shares of our common stock. As described under "Business Recent Developments" above, the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock currently held by the Treasury is convertible into shares of our common stock. Any such conversion is likely to result in the Treasury owning a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock, perhaps over 50 . 

Except with respect to certain designated matters, the Treasury has agreed to vote all shares of our common stock acquired upon conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock or upon exercise of the amended and restated Warrant that are beneficially owned by it and its controlled affiliates in the same proportion (for, against, or abstain) as all other shares of our common stock are voted. The "designated matters" are (i) the election and removal of our directors, (ii) the approval of any merger, consolidation or similar transaction that requires the approval of our shareholders, (iii) the approval of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or property, (iv) the approval of our dissolution, (v) the approval of any issuance of any of our securities on which our shareholders are entitled to vote, (vi) the approval of any amendment to our organizational documents on which our shareholders are entitled to vote, and (vii) the approval of any other matters reasonably incidental to the foregoing as determined by the Treasury. 

It is also possible that one or more investors, other than the Treasury, could end up as the owner of a significant portion of our common stock. This could occur, for example, if the Treasury transfers shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock it holds or, upon conversion of such stock, transfers to a third party the common stock issued upon conversion. It also could occur if one or more large investors make a significant investment in any offering of our capital stock that we undertake. 

Subject to the voting limitations applicable to the Treasury and its controlled affiliates described above, any such significant shareholder could exercise significant influence on matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of directors. In addition, having a significant shareholder could make future transactions more difficult or even impossible to complete without the support of such shareholder, whose interests may not coincide with interests of smaller shareholders. These possibilities could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

In addition to the foregoing, the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock we issued to the Treasury contains a provision that automatically increases the size of our board of directors by two persons and allows the Treasury to fill the two new director positions at such time, if any, as dividends payable on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of six quarterly dividend periods or more, whether or not consecutive. We are currently deferring quarterly dividends on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. If we continue to defer dividends each quarter, the Treasury would have the right to appoint these two directors beginning in approximately August 2011. 

An offering of our common stock could trigger an ownership change under federal tax law that will negatively affect our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets in the future. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had federal loss carryforwards of approximately 56.1 million. Under federal tax law, our ability to utilize this carryforward and other deferred tax assets is limited if we are deemed to experience a change of ownership pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. This would result in our loss of the benefit of these deferred tax assets. Please see the more detailed discussion of these tax rules under Results of Operations - Income Tax Expense (Benefit) in our annual report to shareholders included as Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

The trading price of our common stock may be subject to continued significant fluctuations and volatility. 

The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations due to, among other things: 

actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating and financial results, particularly if such results vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts, and investors, including with respect to further loan losses or vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expenses we may incur; 

announcements regarding significant transactions in which we may engage, including the initiatives that are part of our Capital Plan; 

market assessments regarding such transactions, including the timing, terms, and likelihood of success of any offering of our common stock; 

developments relating to litigation or other proceedings that involve us; 

changes or perceived changes in our operations or business prospects; 

legislative or regulatory changes affecting our industry generally or our businesses and operations; 

the failure of general market and economic conditions to stabilize and recover, particularly with respect to economic conditions in Michigan, and the pace of any such stabilization and recovery; 

the possible delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq or perceptions regarding the likelihood of such delisting; 

the operating and share price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 

future offerings by us of debt, preferred stock, or trust preferred securities, each of which would be senior to our common stock upon liquidation and for purposes of dividend distributions; 

actions of our current shareholders, including future sales of common stock by existing shareholders and our directors and executive officers; and 

other changes in U.S. or global financial markets, economies, and market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity, credit or asset valuations or volatility. 

Stock markets in general, and our common stock in particular, have experienced significant volatility since October 2007 and continue to experience significant price and volume volatility. As a result, the market price of our common stock may continue to be subject to similar market fluctuations that may or may not be related to our operating performance or prospects. Increased volatility could result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

34 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

We and our bank operate a total of 121 facilities in Michigan and 1 facility in Chicago, Illinois. The individual properties are not materially significant to us or our bank's business or to the consolidated financial statements. 

With the exception of the potential remodeling of certain facilities to provide for the efficient use of work space or to maintain an appropriate appearance, each property is considered reasonably adequate for current and anticipated needs. 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Due to the nature of our business, we are often subject to numerous legal actions. These legal actions, whether pending or threatened, arise through the normal course of business and are not considered unusual or material. 

ITEM 4. 

[REMOVED AND RESERVED.] 

35 

ADDITIONAL ITEM - EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Our executive officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors at the meeting of Directors preceding the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. There are no family relationships among these officers and/or our Directors nor any arrangement or understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to which the officer was elected. 

The following sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers at February 28, 2011. 

First elected as an executive 

Name (Age) 

Position 

officer 

Michael M. Magee, Jr. (55) 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (1) 

1993 

Robert N. Shuster (53) 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

1999 

Stefanie M. Kimball (51) 

Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer (2) 

2007 

William B. Kessel (46) 

Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer (1) 

2004 

David C. Reglin (51) 

Executive Vice President, Retail Banking 

1998 

Mark L. Collins (53) 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel (3) 

2009 

Richard E. Butler (59) 

Senior Vice President, Operations 

1998 

Peter R. Graves (53) 

Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer 

1999 

James J. Twarozynski (45) 

Senior Vice President, Controller 

2002 

(1) 

As previously announced in a Form 8-K filed February 16, 2011, as part of a senior management succession plan, Mr. Magee will resign as President of Independent Bank Corporation and Independent Bank effective April 1, 2011, and Mr. Kessel will be appointed as President of both the Company and the bank, subject to regulatory approval. The position of CEO will be transitioned from Mr. Magee to Mr. Kessel on December 31, 2012. 

(2) 

Prior to being named Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer in 2007, Ms. Kimball was a Senior Vice President at Comerica Incorporated since 1998. 

(3) 

Prior to being named Executive Vice President, General Counsel in 2009, Mr. Collins was a Partner with Varnum LLP, a Grand Rapids, Michigan based law firm, where he specialized in commercial law. 

36 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The information set forth under the caption "Quarterly Summary" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The information set forth under the caption "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The information set forth under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The information set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" under the caption "Asset/liability management" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 

37 

PART II. 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The following consolidated financial statements and the independent auditor's report are set forth in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2010 and 2009 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The supplementary data required by this item set forth under the caption "Quarterly Financial Data" in our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), is incorporated herein by reference. 

The portions of our annual report, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K), which are not specifically incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K are not deemed to be a part of this report. 

38 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

1. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . With the participation of management, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15e and 15d 15e) as of the year ended December 31, 2010 (the "Evaluation Date"), have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

2. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 

The management of Independent Bank Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to us and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2010, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2010, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in our annual report. 

/s/Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

/s/Robert N. Shuster 

President and Chief 

Executive Vice President 

Executive Officer 

and Chief Financial Officer 

March 10 , 2011 

39 

PART II. 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS - The information with respect to our Directors, set forth under the captions "Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS - Reference is made to additional item under Part I of this report on Form 10-K. 

CODE OF ETHICS - We have adopted a Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers. A copy of our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.IndependentBank.com , under Investor Relations, and a printed copy is available upon request by writing to our Chief Financial Officer, Independent Bank Corporation, P.O. Box 491, Ionia, Michigan 48846. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information relating to certain functions and the composition of our board committees, set forth under the caption "Board Committees and Functions" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information set forth under the captions "Executive Compensation," "Director Compensation," and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 

40 

PART III. 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information set forth under the captions "Voting Securities and Record Date", "Election of Directors" and "Securities Ownership of Management" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 

We maintain certain equity compensation plans under which our common stock is authorized for issuance to employees and directors, including our Non-employee Director Stock Option Plan, Employee Stock Option Plan and Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

The following sets forth certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2010. 

Plan Category 

(a) 

Number of securities 

to be issued upon 

exercise of outstanding 

options, warrants 

 and rights 

(b) 

Weighted-average 

exercise price of 

outstanding options, 

 warrants and rights 

(c) 

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

future issuance under 

equity compensation 

plans (excluding 

securities reflected 

 in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

56,252 

42.76 

92,815 

Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders 

None 

None 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information set forth under the captions "Transactions Involving Management" and "Determination of Independence of Board Members" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information set forth under the caption "Disclosure of Fees Paid to our Independent Auditors" in our definitive proxy statement, to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

1. 

Financial Statements 

All of our financial statements are incorporated herein by reference as set forth in the annual report to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (filed as exhibit 13 to this report on Form 10-K.) 

2. 

Exhibits (Numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K) The Exhibit Index is located on the final page of this report on Form 10-K. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, dated March 10, 2011 . 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

s/Robert N. Shuster 

Robert N. Shuster, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 

Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each director whose signature appears below hereby appoints Michael M. Magee, Jr. and Robert N. Shuster and each of them severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact, to sign in his or her name and on his or her behalf, as a director, and to file with the Commission any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K. 

Michael M. Magee, Jr., President 

and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

s/Michael M. Magee Jr. 

March 8, 2011 

Robert N. Shuster, Executive Vice 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

s/Robert N. Shuster 

March 10 , 2011 

James J. Twarozynski, Senior Vice 

President and Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

s/James J. Twarozynski 

March 10 , 2011 

Donna J. Banks, Director 

Jeffrey A. Bratsburg, Director 

s/Jeffrey A. Bratsburg 

March 8 , 2011 

Stephen L. Gulis, Jr., Director 

s/Stephen L. Gulis, Jr. 

March 8 , 2011 

Terry L. Haske, Director 

s/Terry L. Haske 

March 8 , 2011 

Robert L. Hetzler, Director 

Michael M. Magee, Jr., Director 

s/Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

March 8 , 2011 

James E. McCarty, Director 

s/James E. McCarty 

March 8 , 2011 

Charles A. Palmer, Director 

s/Charles A. Palmer 

March 8 , 2011 

Charles C. Van Loan, Director 

s/Charles C. Van Loan 

March 8 , 2011 

42 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit number and description 

EXHIBITS FILED HEREWITH 

10.1 

Independent Bank Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended through December 17, 2010. 

10.2 

Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation and Stock Purchase Plan for Nonemployee Directors. 

13 

Annual report, relating to the April 26, 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. This annual report will be delivered to our shareholders in compliance with Rule 14(a)-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

21 

List of Subsidiaries. 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Crowe Horwath LLP) 

24 

Power of Attorney (included on page 42). 

31.1 

Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Independent Bank Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 111(b)(4) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 

99.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 111(b)(4) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 

EXHIBITS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation, conformed through May 12, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form S-4 Registration Statement dated January 27, 2010, filed under registration No. 333-164546). 

3.1(a) 

Amendment to Article III of the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2010 and filed February 3, 2010). 

3.1(b) 

Amendment to Article III of the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated April 9, 2010 and filed April 9, 2010). 

3.1(c) 

Certificate of Designations for Fixed Rate Cumulative Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B, filed as an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2010 and filed April 21, 2010). 

3.1(d) 

Amendment to Article III of the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated August 31, 2010 and filed August 31, 2010). 

43 

EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws, conformed through December 8, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our current report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008 and filed on December 12, 2008). 

4.1 

Certificate of Trust of IBC Capital Finance II dated February 26, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.2 

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of IBC Capital Finance II dated March 19, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.3 

Preferred Securities Certificate of IBC Capital Finance II dated March 19, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.4 

Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement dated March 19, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.5 

Agreement as to Expenses and Liabilities dated March 19, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.6 

Indenture dated March 19, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.7 

First Supplemental Indenture of Independent Bank Corporation issued to IBC Capital Finance II dated as of April 1, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Form S-4/A Registration Statement dated April 5, 2010, filed under registration No. 333-164546). 

4.8 

8.25 Junior Subordinated Debenture of Independent Bank Corporation dated March 19, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003). 

4.9 

Cancellation Direction and Release between Independent Bank Corporation, IBC Capital Finance II and U.S. Bank National Association dated as of June 23, 2010 and related Irrevocable Stock Power (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement dated July 8, 2010, filed under registration No. 333-168032). 

4.10 

Form of Certificate for the Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008 and filed on December 12, 2008). 

4.11 

Warrant dated December 12, 2008 to purchase shares of Common Stock of Independent Bank Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our current report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008 and filed on December 12, 2008). 

4.12 

Certificate for the Fixed Rate Cumulative Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2010 and filed April 21, 2010). 

4.13 

Amended and Restated Warrant dated April 16, 2010 to purchase shares of Common Stock of Independent Bank Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our current report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2010 and filed April 21, 2010). 

10.1 

Deferred Benefit Plan for Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(C) to our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1984). 

10.2 

The form of Indemnity Agreement approved by our shareholders at its April 19, 1988 Annual Meeting, as executed with all of the Directors of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(F) to our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988). 

44 

EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued) 

10.3 

Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, as amended, approved by our shareholders at its April 15, 1997 Annual Meeting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to our Form S-8 Registration Statement dated July 28, 1997, filed under registration No. 333-32269). 

10.4 

Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended, approved by our shareholders at its April 17, 2000 Annual Meeting (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to our Form S-8 Registration Statement dated October 8, 2000, filed under registration No. 333-47352). 

10.5 

The form of Management Continuity Agreement as executed with executive officers and certain senior managers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998). 

10.6 

Letter Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2008, between Independent Bank Corporation and the United States Department of the Treasury, and the Securities Purchase Agreement Standard Terms attached thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008 and filed on December 12, 2008). 

10.7 

Form of Letter Agreement executed by each of Michael M. Magee, Jr., Robert N. Shuster, William B. Kessel, Stefanie M. Kimball, and David C. Reglin (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008 and filed on December 12, 2008). 

10.8 

Form of waiver executed by each of Michael M. Magee, Jr., Robert N. Shuster, William B. Kessel, Stefanie M. Kimball, and David C. Reglin (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008 and filed on December 12, 2008). 

10.9 

Exchange Agreement, dated April 2, 2010, between Independent Bank Corporation and the United States Department of the Treasury (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2010 and filed on April 2, 2010). 

10.10 

Form of waiver agreement executed by, among other employees, Michael M. Magee (President and Chief Executive Officer), William B. Kessel (Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer), Robert N. Shuster (Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer), David C. Reglin (Executive Vice President for Retail Banking), Stefanie M. Kimball (Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer), and Mark L. Collins (Executive Vice President and General Counsel) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2010 and filed on April 21, 2010). 

10.11 

Technology Outsourcing Renewal Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2006, between Independent Bank Corporation and Metavante Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006). 

10.12 

Amendment to Technology Outsourcing Renewal Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2010, between Independent Bank Corporation and Metavante Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated July 22, 2010 and filed on July 27, 2010). 

10.13 

Consulting and Transition Agreement, dated February 16, 2011, by and among Independent Bank Corporation, Independent Bank, and Michael M. Magee, Jr. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2011 and filed on February 16, 2011). 

Represents a compensation plan. 

45 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

ex10_1.htm 

Exhibit 10.1 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

(as amended through December 17, 2010) 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORORATION 

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

ARTICLE 1 

ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE OF THE PLAN 

1.1 Establishment of the Plan . Independent Bank Corporation, a Michigan corporation (the "Company"), hereby establishes an incentive compensation plan to be known as the "Independent Bank Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan" (the "Plan"), as set forth in this document. The Plan permits the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and other stock-based awards to key employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as well as Directors and Consultants. Upon approval by the Board of Directors of the Company, subject to ratification by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of shares of the Company's Common Stock present and entitled to vote at the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Plan shall be effective as of April 1, 2002 (the "Effective Date"). 

1.2 Purpose of the Plan . The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of the Company's shareholders, through stock-based compensation, by aligning the personal interests of Plan Participants with those of its shareholders. The Plan is designed to allow Plan Participants to participate in the Company's future, as well as to enable the Company to attract, retain and award such individuals. 

1.3 Term of Plan . No Awards shall be granted pursuant to the Plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date ("Termination Date"), provided that Awards granted prior to the Termination Date may extend beyond that date. 

ARTICLE 2 

DEFINITIONS 

For purposes of this Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

2.1 "Administrator" shall mean the Board or any of the Committees designated to administer the Plan in accordance with Section 3.1 of the Plan. 

2.2 "Award" shall mean any award under this Plan of any Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Other Stock-Based Award. 

2.3 "Award Agreement" shall mean an agreement evidencing the grant of an Award under this Plan. Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Agreements that set forth the details, conditions and limitations for each Award, as established by the Administrator and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

2.4 "Award Date" shall mean the date that an Award is made, as specified in an Award Agreement. 

2.5 "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.6 "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

2.7 "Employee" shall mean any person employed by the Company or a Subsidiary. Neither service as a Director nor the payment of a Director's fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 

2.8 "Change in Control" shall mean (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, (ii) a reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company with one or more corporations as a result of which the Company is not the surviving corporation, (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (iv) if during any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period were members of the Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, unless each new director was nominated or elected by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of the period. 

2.9 "Committee" shall mean one of the Committees, as specified in Article 3, appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 

2.10 "Common Stock" shall mean the Common Stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company. 

2.11 "Consultant" shall mean any person or entity engaged by the Company or a Subsidiary to render services to the Company or that Subsidiary. 

2.12 "Director" shall mean a member of the Board or a member of the Board of Directors of a Subsidiary. 

2.13 "Disability" shall mean permanent and total disability as determined under the rules and guidelines established by the Committee for purposes of the Plan. 

2.14 "Fair Market Value" shall be the closing sale price of the Company's Common Stock for such date on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System or any successor system then in use (NASDAQ). If no sale of shares of Common Stock is reflected on NASDAQ on a date, "Fair Market Value" shall be determined according to the closing sale price on the next preceding day on which there was a sale of shares of Common Stock reflected on NASDAQ. 

2.15 "Incentive Stock Option" or "ISO" shall mean an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under Article 6, which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and is intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 

2.16 "Insider" shall mean an employee who is an officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or Director, or holder of more than ten percent (10 of its outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock. 

2.17 "Nonemployee Director" shall mean a person who satisfies (1) the definition of "Nonemployee Director" within the meaning set forth in Rule 16b-3(b)(3), as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), or any successor definition adopted by the SEC, or (2) the definition of "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 

2.18 "Nonqualified Stock Option" or "NQSO" shall mean an option to purchase shares of Common Stock, granted under Article 6, which is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.19 "Option" means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. 

2.20 "Option Price" shall mean the price at which a share of Common Stock may be purchased by a Participant pursuant to an Option, as determined by the Committee. 

2.21 "Other Stock-Based Award" shall mean an Award under Article 10 of this Plan that is valued in whole or in part by reference to, or is payable in or otherwise based on, Common Stock. 

2.22 "Participant" shall mean an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, a Director or Consultant who holds an outstanding Award granted under the Plan. 

2.23 "Performance Shares" shall mean an Award granted under Article 9 of this Plan evidencing the right to receive Common Stock or cash of an equivalent value at the end of a specified performance period. 

2.24 "Permitted Transferee" means (i) the spouse, children or grandchildren of a Participant (each an "Immediate Family Member"), (ii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of the Participant and/or one or more Immediate Family Members, or (iii) a partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or members are the Participant and/or one or more Immediate Family Members. 

2.25 "Restricted Stock" shall mean an Award granted to a Participant under Article 8 of this Plan. 

2.26 "Retirement" shall mean the termination of a Participant's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary after the Participant attains the age of 55; provided that for purposes of vesting of any Awards under the Plan following age 55, an employee shall become twenty percent (20 vested in such Award for each additional year of age after attaining age 55 (determined as of the date of termination of employment) and provided further that the Participant has remained in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary for at least twelve (12) consecutive months from the date of the Award. With respect to a Director, Retirement shall mean the termination of a Director's service as a Director of the Company or a Subsidiary after serving as a Director of the Company and/or any Subsidiary for a period of at least five (5) consecutive years prior to the date of termination of such service. 

2.27 "Stock Appreciation Right" or "SAR" shall mean an Award granted to a Participant under Article 7 of this Plan. 

2.28 "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation in which the Company owns directly, or indirectly through subsidiaries, at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock, or any other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and joint ventures) in which the Company owns at least fifty percent (50 of the combined equity thereof. 

2.29 "Termination of Service" shall mean the termination of an Employee's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. An Employee employed by a Subsidiary shall also be deemed to incur a Termination of Service if the Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary and the Participant does not immediately thereafter become an employee of the Company or another Subsidiary. With respect to a Participant that is not an Employee, Termination of Service shall mean the termination of the person's service as a Director or as a Consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary. 

ARTICLE 3 

ADMINISTRATION 

3.1 The Committee . The Plan may be administered by different Committees with respect to different groups of Plan Participants. To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan shall be administered by a committee of two or more Non-Employee Directors. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder shall be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Other than as provided above, the Plan shall be administered by (a) the Board, or (b) a Committee, which Committee shall be constituted to satisfy the foregoing conditions. 

3.2 Committee Authority . Subject to the Company's Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the provisions of this Plan, the Administrator shall have full authority to grant Awards to key Employees of the Company or a Subsidiary, as well as Directors and Consultants. Awards may be granted singly, in combination, or in tandem. The authority of the Administrator shall include the following: 

(a) To select the key employees of the Company or a Subsidiary, Directors or Consultants to whom Awards may be granted under the Plan; 

(b) To determine whether and to what extent Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Performance Shares and Other Stock-Based Awards, or any combination thereof are to be granted under the Plan; 

(c) To determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Award; 

(d) To determine the terms and conditions of any Award Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Option Price, any vesting restriction or limitation, any vesting schedule or acceleration thereof, or any forfeiture restrictions or waiver thereof, regarding any Award and the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based on such factors as the Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion; 

(e) To determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances grants of Awards are to operate on a tandem basis and/or in conjunction with or apart from other cash compensation arrangement made by the Company other than under the terms of this Plan; 

(f) To determine under what circumstances an Award may be settled in cash, Common Stock, or a combination thereof; and 

(g) To determine to what extent and under what circumstances shares of Common Stock and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be deferred. 

The Administrator shall have the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall, from time to time, deem advisable, to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (including any Award Agreement) and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. A majority of the any Committee shall constitute a quorum, and the acts of a majority of a quorum at any meeting, or acts reduced to or approved in writing by a majority of the members of any Committee, shall be the valid acts of any Committee. The interpretation and construction by any Committee of any provisions of the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan shall be final and binding upon the Company, the Board and Participants, including their respective heirs, executors and assigns. No member of the Board or any Committee shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or an Award granted hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the prior approval of the Company's shareholders, neither the Committee nor the Board of Directors shall have the authority to lower the option exercise price of previously granted Awards, whether by means of the amendment of previously granted Awards or the replacement or regrant, through cancellation, of previously granted Awards. 

ARTICLE 4 

COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 

Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13.1, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued under this Plan, which may be either unauthorized and unissued Common Stock or issued Common Stock reacquired by the Company ("Plan Shares") shall be 1,325,000 Shares. 

Determinations as to the number of Plan Shares that remain available for issuance under the Plan shall be made in accordance with such rules and procedures as the Administrator shall determine from time to time. If an Award expires unexercised or is forfeited, cancelled, terminated or settled in cash in lieu of Common Stock, the shares of Common Stock that were theretofore subject (or potentially subject) to such Award may again be made subject to an Award Agreement. 

ARTICLE 5 

ELIGIBILITY 

The persons who shall be eligible to receive Awards under the Plan shall be selected by the Administrator from time to time. In making such selections, the Administrator shall consider the nature of the services rendered by such persons, their present and potential contribution to the Company's success and the success of the particular Subsidiary of the Company by which they are employed or to whom they provide services, and such other factors as the Administrator in its discretion shall deem relevant. Participants may hold more than one Award, but only on the terms and subject to the restrictions set forth in the Plan and their respective Award Agreements. 

ARTICLE 6 

STOCK OPTIONS 

6.1 Options . Options may be granted alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. Each Option granted under this Plan shall be either an Incentive Stock Option (ISO) or a Nonqualified Stock Option (NQSO). 

6.2 Grants . The Administrator shall have the authority to grant to any Participant one or more Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, or both types of Options. To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option (whether because of its provisions or the time or manner of its exercise or otherwise), such Option or the portion thereof which does not qualify shall constitute a separate Nonqualified Stock Option. 

6.3 Incentive Stock Options . Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, no term of this Plan relating to Incentive Stock Options shall be interpreted, amended or altered, nor shall any discretion or authority granted under the Plan be so exercised, so as to disqualify the Plan under Section 422 of the Code, or, without the consent of the Participants affected, to disqualify any Incentive Stock Option under such Section 422. An Incentive Stock Option shall not be granted to an individual who, on the date of grant, owns stock possessing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company. The aggregate Fair Market Value, determined on the Award Date of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which one or more Incentive Stock Options (or other incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, under all other option plans of the Company) granted on or after January 1, 1987, that are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year shall not exceed the 100,000 limitation imposed by Section 422(d) of the Code. 

6.4 Terms of Options . Options granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Agreements in such form as the Administrator shall, from time to time approve, which Agreement shall comply with and be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Option Price . The Option Price per share of Common Stock purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant but shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the Award Date. 

(b) Option Term . The term of each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, provided that no Option that has been designated as an Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date the Option is granted. 

(c) Exercisability . An Option shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. If the Administrator provides that any Option is exercisable only in installments, the Administrator may at any time waive such installment exercise provisions, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Administrator may determine. 

(d) Method of Exercise . Subject to whatever installment exercise and waiting period provisions apply under subsection (c) above, Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the term of the Option, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price in such form as the Administrator may accept. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option shall not be exercisable with respect to less than 100 shares of Common Stock unless the remaining shares covered by an Option are fewer than 100 shares. If and to the extent determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion at or after grant, payment in full or in part may also be made in the form of Common Stock owned by the Participant (and for which the Participant has good title free and clear of any liens and encumbrances and with respect to any shares of Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of an Option, has been held by the Optionee for a period of at least six (6) consecutive months), or by reduction in the number of shares issuable upon such exercise based, in each case, on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the last trading date preceding payment as determined by the Administrator. No shares of stock shall be issued until payment has been made. A Participant shall generally have the rights to dividends or other rights of a shareholder with respect to shares subject to the Option when the person exercising such option has given written notice of exercise, has paid for such shares as provided herein, and, if requested, has given the representation described in Section 13.1 of the Plan. 

(e) Transferability of Options . No Option may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, provided, however, the Administrator may, in its discretion, authorize all or a portion of a Nonqualified Stock Option to be granted to an optionee to be on terms which permit transfer by such optionee to a Permitted Transferee, provided that (i) there may be no consideration for any such transfer (other than the receipt of or interest in a family partnership or limited liability company), (ii) the Award Agreement pursuant to which such Options are granted must be approved by the Administrator, and must expressly provide for transferability in a manner consistent with this Section 6.4(e), and (iii) subsequent transfers of transferred Options shall be prohibited except those in accordance with Section 6.4(h). Following transfer, any such Options shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer. The events of termination of service of Sections 6.4(f), (g) and (h) hereof, and the tax withholding obligations of Section 14.3 shall continue to be applied with respect to the original optionee, following which the Options shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified in Sections 6(f), (g), and (h). The Company shall not be obligated to notify Permitted Transferee(s) of the expiration or termination of any Option. Further, all Options shall be exercisable during the Participant's lifetime only by such Participant and, in the case of a Nonqualified Stock Option, by a Permitted Transferee. The designation of a person entitled to exercise an Option after a person's death will not be deemed a transfer. 

(f) Termination of Service for Reasons other than Retirement, Disability, or Death . Upon termination of Service for any reason other than Retirement or on account of Disability or death, each Option held by the Participant shall, to the extent rights to purchase shares under such Option have accrued at the date of such Termination of Service and shall not have been fully exercised, be exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time for a period of no more than three (3) months following Termination of Service, subject, however, to prior expiration of the term of such Options and any other limitations on the exercise of such Options in effect at the date of exercise. Whether an authorized leave of absence or absence because of military or governmental service shall constitute Termination of Service for such purposes shall be determined by the Administrator, which determination shall be final and conclusive. 

(g) Termination of Service Due to Disability . Upon Termination of Service by reason of Disability, each Option held by such Participant shall, to the extent rights to purchase shares under the Option have accrued at the date of such Disability and shall not have been fully exercised, remain exercisable in whole or in part during the original term of such Options held by that Participant. 

(h) Termination of Service Due to Retirement . Upon Termination of Service by reason of Retirement, each Option held by such Participant shall, to the extent rights to purchase shares under the Option have accrued on the date of such Retirement and shall not have been fully exercised, including Options that shall become vested under the provisions of Section 2.25, shall remain exercisable in whole or part during the original term of such Option held by that Participant. 

(i) Termination of Service for Death . Upon Termination of Service due to death, each Option held by such Participant or Permitted Transferee shall, to the extent rights to purchase shares under the Options have accrued at the date of death and shall not have been fully exercised, be exercisable, in whole or in part, by the personal representative of the estate of the Participant or Permitted Transferee or by any person or persons who shall have acquired the Option directly from the Participant or Permitted Transferee by bequest or inheritance at any time during the twelve (12) month period following death, subject, however, in any case, to the prior expiration of the term of the Option and any other limitation on the exercise of such Option in effect at the date of exercise. 

(j) Termination of Options . Any Option that is not exercised within whichever of the exercise periods specified in Sections 6.4(f), (g), (h), or (i) is applicable shall terminate upon expiration of such exercise period. 

(k) Purchase and Settlement Provisions . The Administrator may at any time offer to purchase an Option previously granted, based on such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and communicate to the Participant at the time that such offer is made. In addition, if an Award Agreement so provides at the Award Date or is thereafter amended to so provide, the Administrator may require that all or part of the shares of Common Stock to be issued with respect to the exercise of an Option, in an amount not greater than the Fair Market Value of the shares that is in excess of the aggregate Option Price, take the form of Performance Shares, which shall be valued on the date of exercise on the basis of the Fair Market Value of such Performance Shares determined without regard to the deferral limitations and/or forfeiture restrictions involved. 

ARTICLE 7 

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

7.1 Grant of SARs . The Administrator may approve the grant of Stock Appreciation Rights ("SARs") that are related to Options only. A SAR may be granted only at the time of grant of the related Option. A SAR will entitle the holder of the related Option, upon exercise of the SAR, to surrender such Option, or any portion thereof to the extent unexercised, with respect to the number of shares as to which such SAR is exercised, and to receive payment of an amount computed pursuant to Section 7.2. Such Option will, to the extent surrendered, then cease to be exercisable. Subject to Section 6.4, a SAR granted hereunder will be exercisable at such time or times, and only to the extent that a related Option is exercisable, and will not be transferable except to the extent that such related Option may be transferable. 

7.2 Payment of SAR Amount . Upon the exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying (i) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise over the Option Price, by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment upon SAR exercise may be in cash, in shares of Common Stock of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. 

7.3 Nontransferability . No SAR may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Further, all SARs shall be exercisable, during the Participant's lifetime, only by such Participant. 

ARTICLE 8 

RESTRICTED STOCK 

8.1 Awards of Restricted Stock . Shares of Restricted Stock may be issued either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Administrator shall determine the eligible persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock will be made, the number of shares to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the Participant, the time or times within which such Awards may be subject to forfeiture, the vesting schedule and rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards. The Administrator may condition the grant of Restricted Stock upon the achievement of specific business objectives, measurements of individual or business unit or Company performances, or such other factors as the Administrator may determine. The provisions of Restricted Stock awards need not be the same with respect to each Participant, and such Awards to individual Participants need not be the same in subsequent years. 

8.2 Awards and Certificates . A Participant selected to receive a Restricted Stock Award shall not have any rights with respect to such Award, unless and until such Participant has executed an Award Agreement evidencing the Award and has delivered a fully executed copy thereof to the Company, and has otherwise complied with the applicable terms and conditions of such Award. Further, such Award shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(a) Acceptance . Awards of Restricted Stock must be accepted within a period of thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as the Committee may specify at grant) after the Award Date, by executing an Award Agreement and by paying whatever price (if any) the Committee has designated for such shares of Restricted Stock. 

(b) Legend . Each Participant receiving a Restricted Stock Award shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such shares of Restricted Stock. Such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form: 

"The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of the Independent Bank Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan and related Award Agreement entered into between the registered owner and the Company, dated __________. Copies of such Plan and Agreement are on file in the offices of the Company, 230 West Main Street, Ionia, Michigan 48846." 

(c) Custody . The Committee may require that the stock certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that, as a condition of any award of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award. 

8.3 Restrictions and Conditions . The shares of Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: 

(a) Restriction Period . Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the Award Agreement, during a period set by the Administrator commencing with the Award Date (the "Restriction Period"), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, or assign shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Plan. Subject to these limits, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide for the lapse of such restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions in whole or in part, based on service, performance and/or such other factors or criteria as the Administrator may determine. 

(b) Rights as Shareholder . Except as provided in this subsection (b) and subsection (a) above, the Participant shall have, with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company including the right to receive any dividends. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, as determined at the time of Award, may permit or require the payment of dividends to be deferred. If any dividends or other distributions are paid in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. 

(c) Termination of Service . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award Agreement, this Article 8 and Section 2.25, upon Termination of Service for any reason during the Restriction Period, all Restricted Shares still subject to restriction will vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Committee as specified in the Award Agreement. 

(d) Lapse of Restrictions . If and when the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stock, the certificates for such shares shall be delivered to the Participant. 

ARTICLE 9 

PERFORMANCE SHARES 

9.1 Award of Performance Shares . Performance Shares may be awarded either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. The Administrator shall determine the eligible persons to whom and the time or times at which Performance Shares shall be awarded, the number of Performance Shares to be awarded to any person, the duration of the period (the "Performance Period") during which, and the conditions under which, receipt of the Performance Shares will be deferred, and the other terms and conditions of the Award in addition to those set forth in Section 9.2, as specified in the Award Agreement. The Administrator may condition the grant of Performance Shares upon the achievement of specific business objectives, measurements of individual or business unit or Company performance, or such other factors or criteria as the Administrator shall determine. The provisions of the award of Performance Shares need not be the same with respect to each Participant, and such Awards to individual Participants need not be the same in subsequent years. 

9.2 Terms and Conditions . Performance Shares awarded pursuant to this Article 9 shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Nontransferability . Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the related Award Agreement, Performance Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered during the Performance Period. At the expiration of the Performance Period, share certificates or cash of an equivalent value (as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion) shall be delivered to the Participant, or his legal representative, in a number equal to the shares covered by the Award Agreement. 

(b) Dividends . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator at the time of Award, amounts equal to any cash dividends declared during the Performance Period with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered by a Performance Share Award will not be paid to the Participant. 

(c) Termination of Employment . Subject to the provisions of the Award Agreement, this Article 9 and Section 2.25, upon Termination of Service for any reason during the Performance Period for a given Award, the Performance Shares in question will vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Administrator at or after grant. 

(d) Accelerated Vesting . Based on service, performance and/or such other factors or criteria as the Administrator may determine and set forth in the Award Agreement, the Administrator may, at or after grant, accelerate the vesting of all or any part of any award of Performance Shares and/or waive the deferral limitations for all or any part of such Award. 

ARTICLE 10 

OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 

10.1 Other Awards . Other Awards of Common Stock and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are payable in or otherwise based on, Common Stock ("Other Stock-Based Awards"), may be granted either alone or in addition to or in tandem with Options, SARs, or Performance Shares. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Administrator shall have authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Awards shall be made, the number of shares of Common Stock to be awarded pursuant to such awards, and all other conditions of the Awards. The Administrator may also provide for the grant of Common Stock under such Awards upon the completion of a specified performance period. The provisions of Other Stock-Based Awards need not be the same with respect to each Participant and such Awards to individual Participants need not be the same in subsequent years. 

10.2 Terms and Conditions . Other Stock-Based Awards made pursuant to this Article 10 shall be set forth in an Award Agreement and shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Nontransferability . Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the Award Agreement, shares of Common Stock subject to Awards made under this Article 10 may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise encumbered prior to the date on which the shares are issued, or, if later, the date on which any applicable restriction, performance or deferral period lapses. 

(b) Dividends . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator at the time of Award, subject to the provisions of this Plan and the Award Agreement, the recipient of an Award under this Article 10 shall be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred stock basis, dividends or other distributions with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award. 

(c) Vesting . Any Award under this Article 10 and any Common Stock covered by any such Award shall vest or be forfeited to the extent so provided in the Award Agreement, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

(d) Waiver of Limitation . In the event of the Participant's Retirement, Disability or death, or in cases of special circumstances, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, waive in whole or in part any or all of the limitations imposed hereunder (if any) with respect to any or all of an Award under this Article 10. 

(e) Price . Common Stock issued or sold under this Article 10 may be issued or sold for no cash consideration or such consideration as the Administrator shall determine and specify in the Award Agreement. 

ARTICLE 11 

TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN 

The Board may at any time amend, discontinue or terminate this Plan or any part thereof (including any amendment deemed necessary to ensure that the Company may comply with any applicable regulatory requirement); provided, however, that, unless otherwise required by law, the rights of a Participant with respect to Awards granted prior to such amendment, discontinuance or termination, may not be impaired without the consent of such Participant and, provided further, without the approval of the Company's shareholders, no amendment may be made which would (i) increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Plan (except by operation of Article 4 or of Section 13.1); (ii) decrease the option price of any Option to less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant for an Option; or (iii) extend the maximum option period under Section 6.4(b) of the Plan. The Administrator may amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, but, subject to Section 13.2, no such amendment or other action by the Administrator shall impair the rights of any Participant without the Participant's consent. Awards may not be granted under the Plan after the Termination Date, but Awards granted prior to such date shall remain in effect or become exercisable pursuant to their respective terms and the terms of this Plan. 

ARTICLE 12 

UNFUNDED PLAN 

This Plan is intended to constitute an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payment not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company. 

ARTICLE 13 

ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS 

13.1 Antidilution . Subject to the provisions of this Article 13, if the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased, decreased, or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities, or if additional shares or new or different shares or other securities are distributed with respect to such shares of Common Stock or other securities, through merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other distribution with respect to such shares of Common Stock or other securities, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment may be made in (i) the maximum number and kind of shares provided in Article 4 of the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to the then outstanding Awards, and (iii) the price for each share or other unit of any other securities subject to the then outstanding Awards. 

13.2 Change in Control . Notwithstanding Section 13.1, upon a Change in Control, all Awards then outstanding under the Plan will be fully vested and exercisable and all restrictions will immediately cease, unless provisions are made in connection with such transaction for the continuance of the Plan and the assumption of or the substitution for such Awards of new Awards covering the stock of a successor employer corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices. 

13.3 Adjustments by Administrator . Any adjustments pursuant to this Article 13 will be made by the Administrator, whose determination as to what adjustments will be made and the extent thereof will be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional interest will be issued under the Plan on account of any such adjustments. Only cash payments will be made in lieu of fractional shares. 

ARTICLE 14 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

14.1 Legend . The Administrator may require each person purchasing shares pursuant to an Award under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that the Participant is acquiring the shares without a view to distribution thereof. In addition to any legend required by this Plan, the certificates for such shares may include any legend which the Administrator deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer. 

All certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stock transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Stock is then listed, any applicable Federal or state securities law, and any applicable corporate law, and the Administrator may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

14.2 No Right to Employment . Neither this Plan nor the grant of any Award hereunder shall give any Participant or other employee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary, nor shall there be a limitation in any way on the right of the Company or any Subsidiary by which an employee is employed to terminate his or her employment at any time. 

14.3 Withholding of Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment to be made pursuant to this Plan, or to otherwise require, prior to the issuance or delivery of any shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash hereunder, payment by the Participant of, any Federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld. Unless otherwise prohibited by the Administrator, each Participant may satisfy any such withholding tax obligation by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (a) tendering a cash payment; (b) authorizing the Company to withhold from the shares otherwise issuable to the Participant a number of shares having a Fair Market Value as of the "Tax Date," less than or equal to the amount of the withholding tax obligation; or (c) delivering to the Company unencumbered shares owned by the Participant having a Fair Market Value, as of the Tax Date, less than or equal to the amount of the withholding tax obligation. The "Tax Date" shall be the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. 

14.4 No Assignment of Benefits . No Award or other benefit payable under this Plan shall, except as otherwise specifically transfer, provided by law, be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, attachment, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, attach, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge, any such benefits shall be void, and any such benefit shall not in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person who shall be entitled to such benefit, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or against such person. 

14.5 Governing Law . This Plan and actions taken in connection herewith shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws and in the courts of the state of Michigan. 

14.6 Application of Funds . The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan will be used for general corporate purposes. 

14.7 Rights as a Shareholder . Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company until he or she becomes the holder of record of Common Stock. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

ex10_2.htm 

Exhibit 10.2 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

AMENDED AND RESTATED DEFERRED COMPENSATION AND 

STOCK PURCHASE PLAN FOR NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

1. Purpose . The Independent Bank Corporation Deferred Compensation and Stock Purchase Plan for Nonemployee Directors ("Plan") has been adopted to provide an opportunity for each nonemployee director of Independent Bank Corporation ("IBC") and IBC subsidiaries to defer his or her director fees or to increase, on a current basis, his or her ownership of shares of IBC's common stock. 

2. Eligibility . Each director of IBC or a subsidiary of IBC which adopts this Plan ("Subsidiary who is not an officer or employee of IBC or of any Subsidiary is eligible to participate in the Plan ("Eligible Director"). 

3. Administration . The Plan shall be administered by the Personnel Committee (the "Plan Administrator"), who shall have the authority to interpret the Plan and to adopt procedures for implementing the Plan. References to an Eligible Director's retirement or termination of service as an Eligible Director shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the term "separation from service" as such term is defined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

4. IBC Common Stock . The shares of stock subject to purchase or the equivalent to be credited to a participant's account under the Plan shall be the shares of IBC's 1.00 par value common stock (the "IBC Common Stock"). Shares issued and delivered to participants under the Plan may be either newly issued shares or shares purchased by IBC and reissued. Subject to adjustment as described below, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased or credited under the Plan is 320,000 . If IBC shall at any time increase or decrease the number of its outstanding shares of IBC Common Stock or change in any way the rights and privileges of such shares by means of the payment of a stock dividend or any other distribution upon such shares payable in IBC Common Stock, or through a stock split, subdivision, consolidation, combination, reclassification, or recapitalization involving the IBC Common Stock, or in case of the merger or consolidation of IBC with or into another organization, then, in any such event, the numbers, rights and privileges of the shares issuable or credited under the Plan shall be increased, decreased or changed in like manner as if such shares had been issued and outstanding, fully paid, and nonassessable at the time of such occurrence. 

5. Compensation Affected by Participation in the Plan . An Eligible Director may specify in his or her Election to Participate that all, but not less than all, of an Eligible Director's meeting fees and all or part (in integral multiples of 10 of an Eligible Director's annual retainer fees that would otherwise be payable in cash by IBC or a Subsidiary for his or her service for the calendar year following the year in which an Election to Participate is filed, or in the case of an Eligible Director who files an Election to Participate within thirty (30) days of when he or she first becomes an Eligible Director, for that portion of the calendar year following the filing of that Election to Participate, and for all subsequent calendar years while the Election to Participate remains in effect, shall be subject to the terms of the Plan ("Plan Fees"). 

6. Election to Participate . An Eligible Director becomes a participant in the Plan by filing an "Election to Participate" with the Plan Administrator not later than (except as provided in the following sentence) December 31 of the year preceding the calendar year with respect to which the Eligible Director wishes to commence participation in the Plan. Eligible Director may become a participant in the Plan during the first calendar year in which he or she first becomes an Eligible Director by filing an Election to Participate within thirty (30) days of first becoming an Eligible Director. Once filed, the Election to Participate shall continue to be effective (i) until the participant ceases to be an Eligible Director, (ii) until he or she files a subsequent Election to Participate revising any of the terms of the last election filed, or (iii) until he or she terminates an Election to Participate in the Plan by written notice to the Plan Administrator. Termination of participation shall be effective immediately at the time a participant ceases to be an Eligible Director. Other terminations of participation and changes in election shall be effective with respect to calendar years commencing after the calendar year in which the change in Election to Participate or termination notice is given. An Eligible Director who has filed a notice of termination of participation may thereafter elect to begin participating for any subsequent calendar year or years by filing a new Election to Participate. For all participants who are directors of IBC, all Elections to Participate must be made in compliance with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act") and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

7. Contents of Election to Participate . An Election to Participate shall be made on a form prescribed by the Plan Administrator. The Election to Participate shall indicate the following: (i) the participant's Plan Fees; (ii) one of the following three accounts to which the participant wishes to have his or her Plan Fees credited (a) the Current Stock Purchase Account, (b) the Deferred Cash Investment Account, or (c) the Deferred Stock Account; (iii) the name or names of the participant's beneficiary or beneficiaries; (iv) if the participant elects the Deferred Stock Account or the Deferred Cash Investment Account, whether distributions are to be in a lump sum or in installments; and (v) if the participant has selected the Deferred Stock Account, whether lump sum distributions are to be made in cash, IBC Common Stock or a combination thereof. 

8. Credits to Account . On the last day of each calendar quarter (the "Credit Date"), a participant shall receive a credit to his or her account under the Plan in an amount equal to the participant's Plan Fees earned during that quarter (the "Credited Amount"). Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, transfers are not permitted between accounts. 

9. Current Stock Purchase Account . If a participant has in effect on a Credit Date an Election to Participate specifying the Current Stock Purchase Account, on that Credit Date, the Credited Amount will be credited to a Current Stock Purchase Account for the benefit of the participant and will be used, together with any other cash credited to the account, to acquire directly from IBC, at a price per share equal to Fair Market Value on the Credit Date, as many whole shares of IBC Common Stock as possible using the funds credited to the Current Stock Purchase Account of that participant. The shares will be issued to the participant within five (5) business days after the Credit Date, provided that no shares may be sold, conveyed, assigned, pledged, or otherwise transferred by the participant until the expiration of six (6) months after the Credit Date. Any Credited Amount remaining in a participant's account will be carried forward for investment under the terms of the Plan at the next Credit Date, unless a participant shall have terminated his or her participation in the Plan in which case such cash balance will be distributed at the next time shares are to be issued to the participant under this section of the Plan. 

10. Credits to Deferred Cash Investment Account . If a participant has in effect on a Credit Date an Election to Participate specifying the Deferred Cash Investment Account, on that Credit Date, the Credited Amount will be credited to a Deferred Cash Investment Account for the benefit of the participant. In addition, an "Appreciation Factor" (as herein defined) will be credited on the Credit Date to the account as to all funds that were credited to the account for the entire quarter that ends on the Credit Date just as if such funds had been invested during the quarter and earning at the rate of the applicable Appreciation Factor. Initially, the Appreciation Factor available under the Plan will be a rate of interest equal to the rate of interest paid by Independent Bank on its 6-month certificates of deposit issued on the business day nearest the beginning of the quarter for which the Appreciation Factor is to be credited. The Appreciation Factor may be changed from time to time by resolution of the IBC Board of Directors but it may not exceed the prime rate of interest charged by Independent Bank. 

11. Credits to Deferred Stock Account . If a participant has in effect on a Credit Date an Election to Participate specifying the Deferred Stock Account, on that Credit Date, the Credited Amount will be credited to the Deferred Stock Account for that participant and shall be converted into "IBC Stock Units" which shall be equal in number to the number of shares (rounded to the nearest 100th of a share) determined by dividing the Credited Amount by the Fair Market Value of a share of IBC Common Stock on the Credit Date. In addition, each time a dividend is paid on IBC Common Stock, a participant shall receive a credit to his or her Deferred Stock Account. The amount of the dividend credit shall be a number of IBC Stock Units equal to the number of shares (rounded to the nearest 100th of a share) determined by multiplying the dividend amount per share by the number of IBC Stock Units credited to the participant's Deferred Stock Account as of the record date for the dividend and dividing the product by the Fair Market Value on the dividend payment date. 

12. Distribution of Deferred Account Balances . No amount credited to a participant's Deferred Cash Investment Account or a participant's Deferred Stock Account shall be distributed prior to the termination of his or her service as an Eligible Director. 

(a) Retirement-Deferred Cash Investment Account . If a participant retires from service as an Eligible Director, the participant's Deferred Cash Investment Account shall be distributed to the participant commencing as of January 15 of the year which occurs after the end of the year in which the participant retired from service as an Eligible Director. Distribution of the Deferred Cash Investment Account may be made in a lump sum, in five (5) annual installments or ten (10) annual installments, payable as of January 15 of each year during the distribution period, consistent with the participant's first filed Election to Participate. A retired director's Deferred Cash Investment Account balance during any distribution period shall continue to be adjusted by an Appreciation Factor just as if the director had not retired. After adjusting the retired director's Deferred Cash Investment Account by the Appreciation Factor each year, the account balance will be divided by the number of annual installments yet to be paid or distributed to the retired director and the quotient will be the distribution to be made to the retired director at that time. 

(b) Retirement-Deferred Stock Account - Lump Sum Distribution . Unless a participant has elected pursuant to his or her Election to Participate to receive payment of his or her Deferred Stock Account in installments, IBC Stock Units credited to the participant's Deferred Stock Account shall be payable, in full, in whole shares of IBC Common Stock (together with cash in lieu of a fractional share), on January 15 of the year which occurs after the end of the fiscal year in which the participant retired from service as an Eligible Director. Any cash distributed in lieu of fractional shares shall be determined based upon the Fair Market Value of IBC Common Stock on the day immediately preceding the date of payment. 

(c) Retirement-Deferred Stock Account-Installment Distribution . If a participant has elected pursuant to his or her Election to Participate to have his or her Deferred Stock Account paid in annual installments, IBC Stock Units credited to the participant's Deferred Stock Account shall be payable in whole shares of IBC Common Stock (together with cash in lieu of fractional shares) in an amount equal to the number of IBC Stock Units then credited to his or her account, divided by the number of remaining annual installments, consistent with the participant's effective Election to Participate, the first installment of which shall commence as of January 15 following the year in which the participant retired from service as an Eligible Director. 

(d) Termination Other Than Retirement . If a participant's service as an Eligible Director terminates because of his or her death or if a retired director dies following his or her retirement while receiving distributions pursuant to this Plan, the participant's entire account balance shall be distributed as of January 15 of the year following the year in which the director died or his or her services as an Eligible Director otherwise terminated. 

(e) Distributions to Beneficiaries . Each participant shall have the right to designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to succeed to the right to receive distributions of the participant's account maintained under this Plan in the event of a participant's death. If a participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the designated beneficiary dies without a contingent beneficiary being designated, distribution of the participant's account shall be made to the participant's estate. No designation of a beneficiary shall be valid unless in writing signed by the participant, dated and filed with the Plan Administrator. Designated beneficiaries may be changed from time to time without consent of any prior beneficiaries upon filing the beneficiary portion of the Election to Participate form with the Plan Administrator. 

13. Nonassignability . No right to receive payments under this Plan nor any shares of IBC Common Stock credited to a participant's Current Stock Purchase or Deferred Stock Account shall be assignable or transferable by participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The designation of a beneficiary by a participant under this Plan does not constitute a transfer. 

14. Unfunded Plan . It is intended that this Plan constitute an "unfunded plan" with respect to the Deferred Cash Investment Accounts and the Deferred Stock Accounts of the participants. IBC may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan as long as IBC determines that the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the "unfunded" status of the Plan; provided, however, no such trust shall be an offshore trust or otherwise violate the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Any liability of IBC to any person with respect to any of the accounts established under the Plan shall be based solely upon contractual obligations that may be created pursuant to the Plan. No such obligation of IBC shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of IBC. Benefits payable under this Plan shall be an unsecured obligation of IBC, and to the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments or distributions from IBC under the Plan, such right will be no greater than of any unsecured general creditor of IBC. 

15. Trust For Deferred Stock Account . If IBC so chooses, it may, as to credits to the Deferred Stock Accounts, make contributions in cash or in shares of IBC Common Stock to a trust; provided, however, no such trust shall be an offshore trust or otherwise violate the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Any cash contributions shall be used by the trustee to purchase shares of IBC Common Stock within ten (10) business days after the deposit of the funds. The purchase of shares may be made by the trustee in brokerage transactions or by private purchase, including purchase from IBC. All shares held by the trust shall be held in the name of the trustee. All IBC Common Stock or cash held in a trust shall be held on a commingled basis and shall be subject to the claims of general creditors of IBC. All IBC Common Stock held in any such trust shall be voted by the trustee in its discretion. 

16. Fair Market Value Defined . The term "Fair Market Value" as used in this Plan shall mean the last transaction price quoted on the NASDAQ National Market System as of the date on which Fair Market Value is to be determined, or if there were no trades in IBC Common Stock on that date as of the next preceding date which was a trading date and on which trading occurred in IBC Common Stock. 

17. Retirement Defined . As used in this Plan, the terms "retirement" and "retire" shall mean voluntary or involuntary resignation, termination of service based upon attainment of a mandatory retirement age or termination of service as a result of not being reelected or any other termination not as a result of death. 

18. Rules of Construction . Headings are given to the sections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. The reference to any statute, regulation or provision of law shall be construed to refer to any amendment to or successor of such provision of law. The Plan shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with Michigan law. The Plan is intended to be construed so that participation in the Plan will be exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to regulations and interpretations issued from time to time by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

19. Withholding . No later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includable in the gross income of a participant for federal income tax purposes with respect to any participation under the Plan, the participant shall pay to IBC, or make arrangements satisfactory to IBC regarding the payment of, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such amount. 

20. Regulatory Restrictions . All certificates for shares of IBC Common Stock or other securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stock transfer orders and other restrictions as IBC may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of IBC, any stock exchange or stock market upon which the IBC Common Stock is then listed or traded and any applicable Federal, state or foreign securities law, and IBC may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

21. Amendment and Termination . The IBC Board of Directors may at any time terminate, suspend or amend this Plan. However, no such action shall be taken with respect to Plan Fees credited to the account of a participant under this Plan prior to the time of the action unless the IBC Board of Directors determines that the action would not be materially adverse to the participants in the Plan. 

22. Effective Date of Plan . The Plan became effective on April 1, 1997 and was amended and restated in its entirety as of March 8, 2011. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-13>
 4
 ex13.htm
 EXHIBIT 13

ex13.htm 

CONTENTS 

Section 

Page number 

Selected Consolidated Financial Data 

6 

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

7 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

44 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

50 

Quarterly Data 

107 

5 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS 

Interest income 

148,851 

189,056 

203,736 

223,254 

216,895 

Interest expense 

37,198 

50,533 

73,587 

102,663 

93,698 

Net interest income 

111,653 

138,523 

130,149 

120,591 

123,197 

Provision for loan losses 

46,765 

103,318 

71,113 

43,105 

16,283 

Net gains (losses) on securities 

1,177 

3,744 

(14,961 

(705 

171 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

18,066 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other non-interest income 

52,570 

56,057 

45,510 

48,944 

45,491 

Non-interest expenses 

155,000 

188,443 

178,186 

116,873 

107,089 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax 

(18,299 

(93,437 

(88,601 

8,852 

45,487 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,590 

(3,210 

3,063 

(1,103 

11,662 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

9,955 

33,825 

Discontinued operations, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

402 

(622 

Net income (loss) 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

10,357 

33,203 

Preferred dividends 

4,095 

4,301 

215 

- 

- 

Net income (loss) applicable to common stock 

(20,804 

(94,528 

(91,879 

10,357 

33,203 

PER COMMON SHARE DATA(1) 

Income (loss) per common share from continuing operations 

Basic 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

4.39 

14.77 

Diluted 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

4.35 

14.53 

Net income (loss) per common share 

Basic 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

4.57 

14.50 

Diluted 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

4.53 

14.27 

Cash dividends declared 

0.00 

0.30 

1.40 

8.40 

7.81 

Book value 

5.52 

16.94 

54.93 

106.19 

112.91 

SELECTED BALANCES 

Assets 

2,535,248 

2,965,364 

2,956,245 

3,247,516 

3,406,390 

Loans 

1,813,116 

2,299,372 

2,459,529 

2,518,330 

2,459,887 

Allowance for loan losses 

67,915 

81,717 

57,900 

45,294 

26,879 

Deposits 

2,251,838 

2,565,768 

2,066,479 

2,505,127 

2,602,791 

Shareholders equity 

119,085 

109,861 

194,877 

240,502 

258,167 

Long-term debt - FHLB advances 

71,022 

94,382 

314,214 

261,509 

63,272 

Subordinated debentures 

50,175 

92,888 

92,888 

92,888 

64,197 

SELECTED RATIOS 

Net interest income to average interest earning assets (2) 

4.36 

5.00 

4.48 

4.26 

4.41 

Income (loss) from continuing operations to (3) 

Average common equity 

(54.38 

(90.72 

(39.01 

3.96 

13.06 

Average assets 

(0.75 

(3.17 

(2.88 

0.31 

0.99 

Net income (loss) to (3) 

Average common equity 

(54.38 

(90.72 

(39.01 

4.12 

12.82 

Average assets 

(0.75 

(3.17 

(2.88 

0.32 

0.97 

Average shareholders equity to average assets 

3.92 

5.80 

7.50 

7.72 

7.60 

Tier 1 capital to average assets 

6.35 

5.27 

8.61 

7.44 

7.62 

Non-performing loans to Portfolio Loans 

3.73 

4.78 

5.09 

3.07 

1.59 

__________ 

(1) 

Per share data has been adjusted for a 1 for 10 reverse stock split in 2010 and a 5 stock dividend in 2006. 

(2) 

2007 and 2006 data is presented on a tax equivalent basis because we had taxable earnings in those years. 

(3) 

These amounts are calculated using income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to common stock and net income (loss) applicable to common stock. 

6 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Discussions and statements in this document that are not statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, statements that include terms such as will, may, should, believe, expect, forecast, anticipate, estimate, project, intend, likely, optimistic and plan, and statements about future or projected financial and operating results, plans, projections, objectives, expectations, and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, descriptions of plans and objectives for future operations, products or services; projections of our future revenue, earnings or other measures of economic performance; forecasts of credit losses and other asset quality trends; predictions as to our bank s ability to maintain certain regulatory capital standards; our expectation that we will have sufficient cash on hand to meet expected obligations during 2011; and descriptions of steps we may take to improve our capital position. These forward-looking statements express our current expectations, forecasts of future events, or long-term goals and, by their nature, are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Although we believe that the expectations, forecasts, and goals reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others: 

our ability to successfully raise new equity capital through a public offering of our common stock, effect a conversion of our outstanding preferred stock held by the U.S. Treasury into our common stock, and otherwise implement our capital restoration plan; 

the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of and provisions made to our allowance for loan losses; 

the timing and pace of an economic recovery in Michigan and the United States in general, including regional and local real estate markets; 

the ability of our bank to remain well-capitalized; 

the failure of assumptions underlying our estimate of probable incurred losses from vehicle service contract payment plan counterparty contingencies, including our assumptions regarding future cancellations of vehicle service contracts, the value to us of collateral that may be available to recover funds due from our counterparties, and our ability to enforce the contractual obligations of our counterparties to pay amounts owing to us; 

further adverse developments in the vehicle service contract industry; 

potential limitations on our ability to access and rely on wholesale funding sources; 

the continued services of our management team, particularly as we work through our asset quality issues and the implementation of our capital restoration plan; and 

implementation of the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other new legislation, which may have significant effects on us and the financial services industry, the exact nature and extent of which cannot be determined at this time. 

This list provides examples of factors that could affect the results described by forward-looking statements contained in this report, but the list is not intended to be all inclusive. The risk factors disclosed in Part I Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, as updated by any new or modified risk factors disclosed in Part II Item 1A of any subsequently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, include all known risks our management believes could materially affect the results described by forward-looking statements in this report. However, those risks may not be the only risks we face. Our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects could also be materially and adversely affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us, that we currently consider to be immaterial, or that develop after the date of this report. We cannot assure you that our future results will meet expectations. While we believe the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date made. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to update or alter any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

7 

The following section presents additional information to assess the financial condition and results of operations of Independent Bank Corporation IBC and its subsidiaries. This section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the supplemental financial data contained elsewhere in this annual report. We also encourage you to read our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). That report includes a list of risk factors that you should consider in connection with any decision to buy or sell our securities. 

Introduction. Our success depends to a great extent upon the economic conditions in Michigan s Lower Peninsula. We have in general experienced a slowing economy in Michigan since 2001, although economic conditions in the state began to show signs of improvement in the last half of 2010 as evidenced, in part, by a decline in the unemployment rate. However, Michigan s unemployment rate has still been consistently above the national average. 

We provide banking services to customers located primarily in Michigan s Lower Peninsula. Our loan portfolio, the ability of the borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans has been and will be impacted by local economic conditions. The weaker economic conditions faced in Michigan have had and may continue to have adverse consequences as described below in Portfolio Loans and asset quality. However, since early- to mid-2009, we have generally seen a decline in non-performing loans and a declining level of provision for loan losses. 

In response to these difficult market conditions and the significant losses that we incurred over the past three years that reduced our capital, we have taken steps or initiated actions designed to increase our capital ratios, improve our operations and augment our liquidity as described in more detail below. 

At the present time, based on our current forecasts and expectations, we believe that our bank can remain above well-capitalized for regulatory purposes for the foreseeable future, even without additional capital, primarily because of a further reduction in total assets (principally loans). We do anticipate incurring a net loss in 2011, reflecting continued elevated credit costs (in particular the provision for loan losses, losses on other real estate and repossessed assets [ ORE ] and loan and collection costs) and a decline in net interest income (due to a decrease in total interest-earning assets). We expect such credit costs to abate sufficiently so that we can return to profitability in 2012. These forecasts are susceptible to significant variations, particularly if the Michigan economy were to deteriorate and credit costs were to be higher than anticipated or if we incur any significant future losses at Mepco Finance Corporation Mepco related to the collection of vehicle service contract counterparty receivables (see Non-interest expense ). Because of such uncertainties, it is possible that our bank may not be able to remain well-capitalized as we work through asset quality issues and seek to return to consistent profitability. As described in more detail under Liquidity and capital resources below, we believe failing to remain well-capitalized would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition as it would, among other consequences, likely lead to a regulatory enforcement action, a potential loss of our mortgage servicing rights with Fannie Mae and/or Freddie Mac, and limits on our access to certain wholesale funding sources. In addition, any significant deterioration in our ability to improve our capital position would make it very difficult for us to withstand continued losses that we may incur and that may be increased or made more likely as a result of continued economic difficulties and other factors. 

In July 2010, Congress passed and the President signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). The Dodd-Frank Act includes the creation of a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with power to promulgate and enforce consumer protection laws; the creation of a Financial Stability Oversight Council chaired by the Secretary of the Treasury with authority to identify institutions and practices that might pose a systemic risk; provisions affecting corporate governance and executive compensation of all companies whose securities are registered with the SEC; a provision that would broaden the base for FDIC insurance assessments; a provision under which interchange fees for debit cards would be set by the Federal Reserve under a restrictive reasonable and proportional cost per transaction standard; a provision that would require bank regulators to set minimum capital levels for bank holding companies that are as strong as those required for their insured depository subsidiaries, subject to a grandfather clause for financial institutions with less than 15 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009; and new restrictions on how mortgage brokers and loan originators may be compensated. Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act only apply to institutions with more than 10 billion in assets. We expect that the Dodd-Frank Act will have a significant impact on the banking industry, including our organization. 

8 

It is against this backdrop that we discuss our results of operations and financial condition in 2010 as compared to earlier periods. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Summary. We incurred a net loss applicable to common stock of 20.8 million, or 4.09 per share, in 2010 compared to 94.5 million, or 39.60 per share, and 91.9 million, or 39.98 per share, in 2009 and 2008, respectively. The reduced loss in 2010 as compared to 2009 and 2008 is due primarily to a decrease in the provision for loan losses, an 18.1 million gain on the extinguishment of debt realized in 2010, and impairment charges on goodwill that were recorded in both 2009 and 2008. Per share data has been adjusted for a 1-for-10 reverse stock split completed in 2010. 

KEY PERFORMANCE RATIOS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Net loss to 

Average common equity 

(54.38 

(90.72 

(39.01 

Average assets 

(0.75 

(3.17 

(2.88 

Net loss per share 

Basic 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

Diluted 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

Net interest income. Net interest income is the most important source of our earnings and thus is critical in evaluating our results of operations. Changes in our net interest income are primarily influenced by our level of interest-earning assets and the income or yield that we earn on those assets and the manner and cost of funding our interest-earning assets. Certain macro-economic factors can also influence our net interest income such as the level and direction of interest rates, the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates (the steepness of the yield curve) and the general strength of the economies in which we are doing business. Finally, risk management plays an important role in our level of net interest income. The ineffective management of credit risk and interest-rate risk in particular can adversely impact our net interest income. 

Net interest income totaled 111.7 million during 2010, compared to 138.5 million and 130.1 million during 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decrease in net interest income in 2010 compared to 2009 reflects declines in our net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets (the net interest margin as well as in our average interest-earning assets. The decline in the net interest margin primarily reflects a decrease in the yield on interest earning assets principally due to a change in the mix of interest-earning assets with a declining level of higher yielding loans and an increasing level of lower yielding short-term investments, as described in more detail below. The change in asset mix also reflects our strategy to preserve our regulatory capital levels by reducing loan balances that have higher risk weightings for regulatory capital purposes. The increase in net interest income in 2009 compared to 2008 reflects a 52 basis point rise in our net interest margin that was partially offset by a 138.2 million decrease in average interest-earning assets. 

9 

Beginning in the last half of 2009 and continuing throughout 2010, we have maintained a high level of lower-yielding interest bearing cash balances to augment our liquidity in response to our difficult financial condition (see Liquidity and capital resources ). In addition, due to issues in the vehicle service contract industry that have impacted Mepco (see Noninterest expense ), we have purposely reduced the balance of payment plan receivables, which declined by 205.1 million, or 50.5 , during 2010. These payment plan receivables are the highest yielding segment of our loan portfolio, with an average yield of approximately 13 . The combination of these two items (an increase in the level of lower-yielding interest bearing cash balances and a decrease in the level of higher-yielding payment plan receivables) had an adverse impact on our net interest income and net interest margin in 2010. 

Our net interest income is also impacted by our level of non-accrual loans. Average non-accrual loans totaled 86.8 million, 120.2 million and 104.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

10 

AVERAGE BALANCES AND RATES 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

ASSETS(1) 

Taxable loans 

2,072,586 

141,876 

6.85 

2,461,896 

177,557 

7.21 

2,558,621 

186,259 

7.28 

Tax-exempt loans(2) 

9,531 

406 

4.26 

8,672 

391 

4.51 

10,747 

488 

4.54 

Taxable securities 

82,127 

3,052 

3.72 

111,558 

6,333 

5.68 

144,265 

8,467 

5.87 

Tax-exempt securities(2) 

45,223 

1,932 

4.27 

85,954 

3,669 

4.27 

162,144 

7,238 

4.46 

Cash - interest bearing 

324,065 

824 

0.25 

72,606 

174 

0.24 

- 

- 

- 

Other investments 

26,526 

761 

2.87 

28,304 

932 

3.29 

31,425 

1,284 

4.09 

Interest earning assets 

2,560,058 

148,851 

5.81 

2,768,990 

189,056 

6.83 

2,907,202 

203,736 

7.01 

Cash and due from banks 

50,739 

55,451 

53,873 

Other assets, net 

167,873 

157,762 

227,969 

Total assets 

2,778,670 

2,982,203 

3,189,044 

LIABILITIES 

Savings and NOW 

1,089,992 

2,829 

0.26 

992,529 

5,751 

0.58 

968,180 

10,262 

1.06 

Time deposits 

978,098 

25,335 

2.59 

1,019,624 

29,654 

2.91 

917,403 

36,435 

3.97 

Long-term debt 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

247 

12 

4.86 

Other borrowings 

198,030 

9,034 

4.56 

394,975 

15,128 

3.83 

682,884 

26,878 

3.94 

Interest bearing liabilities 

2,266,120 

37,198 

1.64 

2,407,128 

50,533 

2.10 

2,568,714 

73,587 

2.86 

Demand deposits 

349,376 

321,802 

301,117 

Other liabilities 

54,183 

80,281 

79,929 

Shareholders equity 

108,991 

172,992 

239,284 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

2,778,670 

2,982,203 

3,189,044 

Net interest income 

111,653 

138,523 

130,149 

Net interest income as a percent of average interest earning assets 

4.36 

5.00 

4.48 

__________ 

(1) 

All domestic, except for 0.4 million and 5.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, of average payment plan receivables included in taxable loans for customers domiciled in Canada. 

(2) 

Interest on tax-exempt loans and securities is not presented on a fully tax equivalent basis due to the current net operating loss carryforward position and the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

11 

CHANGE IN NET INTEREST INCOME 

2010 compared to 2009 

2009 compared to 2008 

Volume 

Rate 

Net 

Volume 

Rate 

Net 

(In thousands) 

Increase (decrease) in interest income(1, 2) 

Taxable loans 

(26,997 

(8,684 

(35,681 

(6,989 

(1,713 

(8,702 

Tax-exempt loans(3) 

37 

(22 

15 

(94 

(3 

(97 

Taxable securities 

(1,421 

(1,860 

(3,281 

(1,865 

(269 

(2,134 

Tax-exempt securities(3) 

(1,740 

3 

(1,737 

(3,265 

(304 

(3,569 

Cash - interest bearing 

639 

11 

650 

174 

- 

174 

Other investments 

(56 

(115 

(171 

(119 

(233 

(352 

Total interest income 

(29,538 

(10,667 

(40,205 

(12,158 

(2,522 

(14,680 

Increase (decrease) in interest expense(1) 

Savings and NOW 

518 

(3,440 

(2,922 

252 

(4,763 

(4,511 

Time deposits 

(1,172 

(3,147 

(4,319 

3,740 

(10,521 

(6,781 

Long-term debt 

- 

- 

- 

(12 

- 

(12 

Other borrowings 

(8,585 

2,491 

(6,094 

(11,046 

(704 

(11,750 

Total interest expense 

(9,239 

(4,096 

(13,335 

(7,066 

(15,988 

(23,054 

Net interest income 

(20,299 

(6,571 

(26,870 

(5,092 

13,466 

8,374 

__________ 

(1) 

The change in interest due to changes in both balance and rate has been allocated to change due to balance and change due to rate in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of change in each. 

(2) 

All domestic, except for 0.1 million and 0.5 million of interest income in 2010 and 2009 on payment plan receivables included in taxable loans from customers domiciled in Canada. 

(3) 

Interest on tax-exempt loans and securities is not presented on a fully tax equivalent basis due to the current net operating loss carryforward position and the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

COMPOSITION OF AVERAGE INTEREST EARNING ASSETS AND INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

As a percent of average interest earning assets 

Loans (1) 

81.3 

89.2 

88.4 

Other interest earning assets 

18.7 

10.8 

11.6 

Average interest earning assets 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Savings and NOW 

42.6 

35.8 

33.3 

Time deposits 

21.1 

14.1 

23.9 

Brokered CDs 

17.1 

22.7 

7.7 

Other borrowings and long-term debt 

7.7 

14.3 

23.5 

Average interest bearing liabilities 

88.5 

86.9 

88.4 

Earning asset ratio 

92.1 

92.9 

91.2 

Free-funds ratio (2) 

11.5 

13.1 

11.6 

__________ 

(1) 

All domestic, except for 0.2 of payment plan receivables in 2009 from customers domiciled in Canada. 

(2) 

Average interest earning assets less average interest bearing liabilities divided by interest earning assets. 

12 

Provision for loan losses. The provision for loan losses was 46.8 million during 2010 compared to 103.3 million and 71.1 million during 2009 and 2008, respectively. The provision reflects our assessment of the allowance for loan losses taking into consideration factors such as loan mix, levels of non-performing and classified loans and loan net charge-offs. While we use relevant information to recognize losses on loans, additional provisions for related losses may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, customer circumstances and other credit risk factors. The decrease in the provision for loan losses in 2010 compared to 2009 primarily reflects reduced levels of non-performing loans, lower total loan balances and a decline in loan net charge-offs. The increase in the provision for loan losses in 2009 compared to 2008 principally reflects a rise in the level of net loan charge-offs, deterioration in the value of collateral (particularly real estate) securing existing or newly defaulted loans and a high level (although down from the end of 2008) of non-performing loans. See Portfolio Loans and asset quality for a discussion of the various components of the allowance for loan losses and their impact on the provision for loan losses. 

Non-interest income. Non-interest income is a significant element in assessing our results of operations. We regard net gains on mortgage loan sales as a core recurring source of revenue but they are quite cyclical and thus can be volatile. We regard net gains (losses) on securities as a non-operating component of non-interest income. In addition, certain categories of non-interest income (namely, non-sufficient funds [ NSF ] or overdraft fees and interchange income) have been or are expected to be adversely impacted by recent legislation, as described in greater detail below. 

Non-interest income totaled 71.8 million during 2010 compared to 59.8 million and 30.5 million during 2009 and 2008, respectively. 2010 included an 18.1 million gain on the extinguishment of debt and 2008 included 15.0 million in securities losses. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

21,511 

24,370 

24,223 

Net gains (losses) on assets 

Mortgage loans 

12,330 

10,860 

5,181 

Securities 

1,639 

3,826 

(14,795 

Other than temporary loss on securities available for sale 

Total impairment loss 

(462 

(4,073 

(166 

Loss recognized in other comprehensive loss 

- 

3,991 

- 

Net impairment loss recognized in earnings 

(462 

(82 

(166 

VISA check card interchange income 

8,257 

7,064 

6,556 

Mortgage loan servicing 

(523 

2,252 

(2,071 

Mutual fund and annuity commissions 

1,889 

2,017 

2,207 

Bank owned life insurance 

1,917 

1,615 

1,960 

Title insurance fees 

2,037 

2,272 

1,388 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

18,066 

- 

- 

Other 

5,152 

5,607 

6,066 

Total non-interest income 

71,813 

59,801 

30,549 

Service charges on deposit accounts totaled 21.5 million during 2010, compared to 24.4 million and 24.2 million during 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decrease in such service charges in 2010 principally relates to a decline in NSF occurrences and related NSF fees. We believe the decline in NSF occurrences is due to our customers managing their finances more closely in order to reduce NSF activity and avoid the associated fees because of the current challenging economic conditions as well as the impact of recent legislation on such fees. In late 2009, the Federal Reserve adopted rules that required a written opt-in from customers before a bank can assess overdraft fees on ATM or debit card transactions. These rules were effective for new customers on July 1, 2010 and for existing customers on August 15, 2010. This legislation has had an adverse impact on our level of service charges on deposit accounts. 

13 

We realized net gains of 12.3 million on the sale of mortgage loans during 2010, compared to 10.9 million and 5.2 million during 2009 and 2008 respectively. 

The volume of loans sold is dependent upon our ability to originate mortgage loans as well as the demand for fixed-rate obligations and other loans that we choose to not put into portfolio because of our established interest-rate risk parameters. (See Portfolio Loans and asset quality. Net gains on mortgage loans are also dependent upon economic and competitive factors as well as our ability to effectively manage exposure to changes in interest rates and thus can often be a volatile part of our overall revenues. 

Mortgage loan origination and sales volumes in 2010 and 2009 benefitted from higher levels of refinancing activity reflecting generally lower interest rates. Additionally, new tax credits for first-time home buyers during 2009 and early 2010 also spurred home sales and hence mortgage loan origination volume. These positive factors were partially offset by weak economic conditions; lower home values and more stringent underwriting criteria required by the secondary mortgage market, which reduced the number of applicants being approved for mortgage loans. Mortgage loan interest rates rose in the last quarter of 2010 which is expected to reduce future refinancing activity and we would therefore anticipate lower mortgage loans sales volumes and gains on such sales in 2011 as compared to 2010. 

MORTGAGE LOAN ACTIVITY 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Mortgage loans originated 

516,335 

576,018 

368,517 

Mortgage loans sold 

480,566 

540,713 

267,216 

Mortgage loans sold with servicing rights released 

77,080 

55,495 

51,875 

Net gains on the sale of mortgage loans 

12,330 

10,860 

5,181 

Net gains as a percent of mortgage loans sold ("Loan Sales Margin") 

2.57 

2.01 

1.94 

Fair value adjustments included in the Loan Sales Margin 

0.10 

0.07 

0.36 

Net gains as a percentage of mortgage loans sold (our Loan Sales Margin are impacted by several factors including competition and the manner in which the loan is sold (with servicing rights retained or released). Our decision to sell or retain real estate mortgage loan servicing rights is primarily influenced by an evaluation of the price being paid for mortgage loan servicing by outside third parties compared to our calculation of the economic value of retaining such servicing. The sale of mortgage loan servicing rights may result in declines in mortgage loan servicing income in future periods. Gains on the sale of mortgage loans were also impacted by recording fair value accounting adjustments. Excluding the aforementioned accounting adjustments, the Loan Sales Margin would have been 2.47 in 2010, 1.94 in 2009 and 1.58 in 2008. The improved Loan Sales Margins in 2010 and 2009 were generally due to more favorable competitive conditions including wider primary-to-secondary market pricing spreads. 

We generated securities net gains of 1.6 million and 3.8 million in 2010 and 2009. The 2010 securities net gains were primarily due to the sale of municipal securities and residential mortgage-backed securities. The 2009 securities net gains were primarily due to increases in the fair value and gains on the sale of our Bank of America preferred stock as well as gains on the sale of municipal securities. We sold all of our Bank of America preferred stock in June 2009. 

We incurred securities net losses of 14.8 million in 2008. These net losses were comprised of 7.7 million of losses from the sale of securities, 2.8 million of unrealized losses related to declines in the fair value of trading securities that were still being held at year-end, and a 6.2 million charge related to the dissolution of a security as described below. These losses were partially offset by 1.9 million of gains on sales of securities (primarily municipal securities). 2008 was an unusual year as we historically have not incurred any significant net losses on securities. We elected, effective January 1, 2008, to measure the majority of our preferred stock investments at fair value. As a result of this election, we recorded an after tax cumulative reduction of 1.5 million to retained earnings associated with the initial adoption of fair value accounting for these preferred stocks. This preferred stock portfolio included issues of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs. During 2008 we recorded unrealized net losses on securities of 2.8 million related to the decline in fair value of the preferred stocks that were still being held at year end. We also recorded realized net losses of 7.6 million on the sale of several of these preferred stocks. The 2008 securities net losses also include a write down of 6.2 million (from a par value of 10.0 million to a fair value of 3.8 million) related to the dissolution of a money-market auction rate security and the distribution of the underlying Bank of America preferred stock. The conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in September 2008 resulted in the market values of the preferred stocks issued by these entities plummeting to low single digit prices per share. Prices on other preferred stocks that we owned also declined sharply as the market for these securities came under considerable stress. These were the primary factors leading to the large securities losses that we incurred during 2008. 

14 

We also recorded net impairment losses of 0.5 million, 0.1 million and 0.2 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, related to other than temporary impairment of securities available for sale. These impairment charges primarily related to private label residential mortgage-backed securities and one trust preferred security. 

GAINS AND LOSSES ON SECURITIES 

Year Ended December 31, 

Proceeds 

Gains 

Losses(1) 

Net 

(In thousands) 

2010 

96,648 

1,882 

705 

1,177 

2009 

43,525 

3,957 

213 

3,744 

2008 

80,348 

1,903 

16,864 

(14,961 

__________ 

(1) 

Losses in 2010 include 0.5 million of other than temporary impairment charges, losses in 2009 include 0.1 million of other than temporary impairment charges and losses in 2008 include a 6.2 million write-down related to the dissolution of a money-market auction rate security and the distribution of the underlying preferred stock, 0.2 million of other than temporary impairment charges and 2.8 million of losses recognized on trading securities still held at December 31, 2008. 

Interchange income increased to 8.3 million in 2010 compared to 7.1 million in 2009 and 6.6 million in 2008. The growth in interchange income primarily reflects an increase in debit card transaction volumes and PIN-based interchange fees. As described earlier, the Dodd-Frank Act includes a provision under which interchange fees for debit cards would be set by the Federal Reserve under a restrictive reasonable and proportional cost per transaction standard. Debit card issuers with less than 10 billion in assets are exempt from this provision. However, because of competitive market factors, actions by the Federal Reserve Bank to restrict interchange fees for debit card issuers with assets above 10 billion are expected to impact all issuers, regardless of size. As a result, our interchange income may be significantly lower in the future. 

Mortgage loan servicing generated a net expense of 0.5 million and 2.1 million in 2010 and 2008, respectively, compared to net revenue of 2.3 million in 2009. These yearly comparative variances are primarily due to changes in the valuation allowance on capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights and the level of amortization of this asset. The period end valuation allowance is based on the valuation of the mortgage loan servicing portfolio and the amortization is primarily impacted by prepayment activity. In particular, mortgage loan interest rates declined during most of 2010 (although they rose in the last quarter) resulting in higher prepayment rates and an increase in the valuation allowance. 

15 

CAPITALIZED MORTGAGE LOAN SERVICING RIGHTS 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Balance at January 1, 

15,273 

11,966 

15,780 

Originated servicing rights capitalized 

4,158 

5,213 

2,405 

Amortization 

(3,862 

(4,255 

(1,887 

Change in valuation allowance 

(908 

2,349 

(4,332 

Balance at December 31, 

14,661 

15,273 

11,966 

Valuation allowance at December 31, 

3,210 

2,302 

4,651 

At December 31, 2010 we were servicing approximately 1.76 billion in mortgage loans for others on which servicing rights have been capitalized. This servicing portfolio had a weighted average coupon rate of 5.42 and a weighted average service fee of approximately 26 basis points. Remaining capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights at December 31, 2010 totaled 14.7 million, representing approximately 83 basis points on the related amount of mortgage loans serviced for others. The capitalized mortgage loan servicing had an estimated fair market value of 15.7 million at December 31, 2010. 

Nearly all of our mortgage loans serviced for others at December 31, 2010 are for either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Because of our current financial condition, if our bank were to fall below well capitalized (as defined by banking regulations) it is possible that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require us to very quickly sell or transfer such servicing rights to a third party or unilaterally strip us of such servicing rights if we cannot complete an approved transfer. Depending on the terms of any such transaction, this forced sale or transfer of such mortgage loan servicing rights could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Mutual fund and annuity commissions totaled 1.9 million, 2.0 million and 2.2 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decline in 2010 is primarily due to the elimination of certain personnel within the wealth management portion of our investment and insurance sales force early in the year. The decline in 2009 generally reflects difficult market conditions resulting in lower sales and reduced commission payouts on certain annuity products. 

We earned 1.9 million, 1.6 million and 2.0 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, on our separate account bank owned life insurance principally as a result of increases in cash surrender value. Our separate account is primarily invested in agency mortgage-backed securities and managed by PIMCO. The crediting rate (on which the earnings are based) reflects the performance of the separate account. The total cash surrender value of our bank owned life insurance was 47.9 million and 46.5 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

Title insurance fees totaled 2.0 million in 2010, 2.3 million in 2009 and 1.4 million in 2008. The fluctuation in title insurance fees is primarily a function of the level of mortgage loans that we originated. The revenue levels in 2010 and 2009 reflect relatively high amounts of mortgage loan refinancing. As described earlier, we anticipate that mortgage loan refinance volume will decline in 2011, which is expected to also result in a reduced level of title insurance fees. 

In the second quarter of 2010, we recorded an 18.1 million gain on the extinguishment of debt (net of 1.0 million in expenses and 1.2 million to write off previously capitalized issue costs). On June 23, 2010, we exchanged 5.1 million shares of our common stock (having a fair value of approximately 23.5 million on the date of the exchange) for 41.4 million in liquidation amount of trust preferred securities and 2.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest on such securities. 

Other non-interest income totaled 5.2 million, 5.6 million and 6.1 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The overall variations in other non-interest income are primarily due to the impact of our participation in a private mortgage reinsurance captive. As a result of this participation, we incurred a loss of 0.9 million in 2010 compared to a loss of 0.6 million in 2009 and income of 0.4 million in 2008. The losses in 2010 and 2009 reflect increased mortgage loan defaults and lower real estate values which lead to higher private mortgage insurance claims. Other non-interest income includes 0.1 million and 1.0 million in 2010 and 2009, respectively, related to foreign currency transaction gains associated with Canadian dollar denominated payment plan receivables. The Canadian dollar has appreciated significantly compared to the U.S. dollar. Total Canadian dollar denominated payment plan receivables declined to 0.1 million at December 31, 2010. As a result, we would not expect any significant future foreign currency transaction gains or losses. Two other items impacting other non-interest income in 2010 include: a 0.3 million increase in rental income (due primarily to an increased level of ORE) and a 0.4 million decrease (which increases other non-interest income) in the fair value of the amended warrant issued to the U.S. Department of the Treasury UST ). The fair value of this amended warrant is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. (See Liquidity and capital resources. In 2008 other non-interest income included revenue of 0.4 million from the redemption of 8,551 shares of Visa, Inc. Class B Common Stock as part of the Visa initial public offering. 

16 

Non-interest expense. Non-interest expense is an important component of our results of operations. Historically, we primarily focused on revenue growth, and while we strive to efficiently manage our cost structure, our non-interest expenses generally increased from year to year because we expanded our operations through acquisitions and by opening new branches and loan production offices. Because of the current challenging economic environment that we are confronting, our expansion through acquisitions or by opening new branches is unlikely in the near term. Further, management is focused on a number of initiatives to reduce and contain non-interest expenses. 

Non-interest expense totaled 155.0 million in 2010, 188.4 million in 2009, and 178.2 million in 2008. In 2009 and 2008 non-interest expense includes 16.7 million and 50.0 million of goodwill impairment charges, respectively. Changes in vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies also impacted overall non-interest expense as described in more detail below. Loan and collection costs and losses on ORE have also been elevated reflecting expenses associated with managing non-performing loans and other problem credits and the holding and disposition of ORE. 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Year ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Compensation 

40,827 

40,053 

40,181 

Performance-based compensation and benefits 

1,803 

2,889 

4,861 

Other benefits 

9,081 

10,061 

10,137 

Compensation and employee benefits 

51,711 

53,003 

55,179 

Vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies 

18,633 

31,234 

966 

Loan and collection 

15,323 

14,727 

9,431 

Occupancy, net 

11,016 

11,092 

11,852 

Net loss on other real estate and repossessed assets 

9,722 

8,554 

4,349 

Data processing 

9,554 

9,528 

7,976 

FDIC deposit insurance 

6,805 

7,328 

1,988 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

6,540 

7,159 

7,074 

Credit card and bank service fees 

5,790 

6,608 

4,818 

Communications 

4,138 

4,424 

4,018 

Legal and professional 

4,100 

3,222 

2,032 

Advertising 

2,712 

5,696 

5,534 

Supplies 

1,630 

1,835 

2,030 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1,280 

1,930 

3,072 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

16,734 

50,020 

Costs (recoveries) related to unfunded lending commitments 

(536 

(286 

208 

Other 

6,582 

5,655 

7,639 

Total non-interest expense 

155,000 

188,443 

178,186 

17 

The decline in total compensation and benefits is primarily due to a reduction in performance based compensation. This decline was partially offset by a reduction in the deferral (as direct loan origination costs) of compensation expense due primarily to a significant reduction in new payment plan receivable origination activity at Mepco. The deferral (as direct loan origination costs) of compensation expense for all loan related origination activity totaled 3.6 million, 5.5 million and 4.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Excluding the impact of the changes in the deferral of compensation expense (as direct loan origination costs), salaries declined by 1.1 million, or 2.5 , in 2010 as compared to 2009, and increased by 0.7 million, or 1.5 , in 2009 as compared to 2008. The decline in 2010 reflects our cost reduction initiatives as total full time equivalent employee levels fell by just over 3 . The increase in 2009 over 2008 was primarily due to staff added to manage non-performing assets and loan collections. 

The reduction in performance based compensation reflects our near-term financial performance. In 2010 and 2009, no employee stock ownership contribution was made and no bonuses were paid. In addition, executive and senior officer salaries were frozen at 2008 levels for both 2010 and 2009. In 2008, no executive officer bonuses were paid. The reduction in other benefits expense in 2010 is primarily due to the elimination of the match of employees 401(k) plan contributions. 

We maintain performance-based compensation plans. In addition to commissions and cash incentive awards, such plans include an employee stock ownership plan and a long-term equity based incentive plan. The amount of expense recognized in 2010, 2009 and 2008 for share-based awards under our long-term equity based incentive plan was 0.5 million, 0.8 million and 0.6 million, respectively. There were not any grants of new awards in 2010; the expense in this year relates to the vesting of awards granted in previous years. 

We record estimated incurred losses associated with Mepco s vehicle service contract payment plans in our provision for loan losses and establish a related allowance for loan losses. (See "Portfolio Loans and asset quality.") We record estimated incurred losses associated with defaults by Mepco s counterparties as vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expense, which is included in non-interest expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Such expenses totaled 18.6 million, 31.2 million and 1.0 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

Our estimate of probable incurred losses from vehicle service contract payment plan counterparty contingencies requires a significant amount of judgment because a number of factors can influence the amount of loss that we may ultimately incur. These factors include our estimate of future cancellations of vehicle service contracts, our evaluation of collateral that may be available to recover funds due from our counterparties, and our assessment of the amount that may ultimately be collected from counterparties in connection with their contractual obligations. We apply a rigorous process, based upon observable contract activity and past experience, to estimate probable incurred losses and quantify the necessary reserves for our vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies, but there can be no assurance that our modeling process will successfully identify all such losses. 

In particular, Mepco had purchased a significant amount of payment plans from a single counterparty that declared bankruptcy on March 1, 2010. The amount of payment plan receivables purchased from this counterparty and outstanding at December 31, 2010 totaled approximately 29.0 million (compared to 206.1 million at December 31, 2009). In addition, as of December 31, 2010, this counterparty owed Mepco 49.2 million for previously cancelled payment plans. The bankruptcy and wind down of operations by this counterparty is likely to lead to substantial potential losses as this entity will not be in a position to honor all of its obligations on payment plans that Mepco had purchased which are cancelled prior to payment in full. Mepco will seek to recover amounts owed by the counterparty from various co-obligors and guarantors, through the liquidation of certain collateral held by Mepco, and through claims against this counterparty s bankruptcy estate. In the last half of 2009, Mepco established a 19.0 million reserve for losses related to this counterparty. During 2010 this reserve was increased by 3.6 million, to 22.6 million as of December 31, 2010. We currently believe this reserve is adequate given a review of all relevant factors. 

18 

Upon the cancellation of a service contract and the completion of the billing process to the counterparties for amounts due to Mepco, there is a decrease in the amount of payment plan receivables and an increase in the amount of vehicle service contract counterparty receivables until such time as the amount due from the counterparty is collected. These amounts represent funds actually due to Mepco from its counterparties for cancelled service contracts. At December 31, 2010 the aggregate amount of such obligations owing to Mepco by counterparties, net of write-downs and reserves made through the recognition of vehicle service contract counterparty contingency expense, totaled 37.3 million (which includes a net balance of 26.6 million from the single counterparty described above). This compares to a balance of 5.4 million at December 31, 2009. 

In addition, at December 31, 2010, Mepco had recorded a receivable of 3.4 million for debtor-in-possession financing and associated professional fees related to the above described single counterparty. This receivable is included in Accrued income and other assets in our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 

We believe our assumptions regarding the collection of vehicle service contract counterparty receivables are reasonable, and we based them on our good faith judgments using data currently available. We also believe the current amount of reserves we have established and the vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expense that we have recorded are appropriate given our estimate of probable incurred losses at the applicable balance sheet date. However, because of the uncertainty surrounding the numerous and complex assumptions made, actual losses could exceed the charges we have taken to date. 

In addition, several of these vehicle service contract marketers, including the counterparty described above and other companies, from which Mepco has purchased payment plans, have been sued or are under investigation for alleged violations of telemarketing laws and other consumer protection laws. The actions have been brought primarily by state attorneys general and the Federal Trade Commission but there have also been class action and other private lawsuits filed. In some cases, the companies have been placed into receivership or have discontinued business. In addition, the allegations, particularly those relating to blatantly abusive telemarketing practices by a relatively small number of marketers, have resulted in a significant amount of negative publicity that has adversely affected and may in the future continue to adversely affect sales and customer cancellations of purchased products throughout the industry, which have already been negatively impacted by the economic recession. It is possible these events could also cause federal or state lawmakers to enact legislation to further regulate the industry. 

The above described events have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on Mepco in several ways. First, we face increased risk with respect to certain counterparties defaulting in their contractual obligations to Mepco which could result in additional charges for losses if these counterparties go out of business. Second, these events have negatively affected sales and customer cancellations in the industry, which has had and is expected to continue to have a negative impact on the profitability of Mepco s business. In addition, if any federal or state investigation is expanded to include finance companies such as Mepco, Mepco will face additional legal and other expenses in connection with any such investigation. An increased level of private actions in which Mepco is named as a defendant will also cause Mepco to incur additional legal expenses as well as potential liability. Finally, Mepco has incurred and will likely continue to incur additional legal and other expenses, in general, in dealing with these industry problems. Net payment plan receivables totaled 201.3 million (or approximately 7.9 of total assets) and 406.3 million (or approximately 13.7 of total assets) at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We expect that the amount of total payment plan receivables will decline at a more moderate pace during 2011. This decline in payment plan receivables has adversely impacted our net interest income and net interest margin. 

Loan and collection expenses primarily reflect costs related to the management and collection of non-performing loans and other problem credits. The elevated level of these expenses in 2010 and 2009 reflects the overall volume of problem credits (although non-performing loans have declined over the past two years) and complexity of managing such credits. 2010 also includes 0.8 million of collection related costs at Mepco associated with the acquisition and management of collateral securing receivables from vehicle service contract counterparties. 

19 

Occupancy expenses, net, totaled 11.0 million, 11.1 million and 11.9 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The decline in such expenses in 2010 and 2009 primarily reflects the closure of loan production offices. We closed several loan production offices in 2008 and occupancy expenses in that year included 0.2 million of costs associated with such office closings. 

Loss on ORE primarily represents the loss on the sale or additional write downs on these assets subsequent to the transfer of the asset from our loan portfolio. This transfer occurs at the time we acquire the collateral that secured the loan. At the time of acquisition, the real estate or other repossessed asset is valued at fair value, less estimated costs to sell, which becomes the new basis for the asset. Any write-downs at the time of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan losses. The increase in loss on other real estate and repossessed assets in 2010 and 2009 compared to earlier years is primarily due to declines in the value of these assets subsequent to the acquisition date. These declines in value have been accentuated by the high inventory of foreclosed homes for sale in many of our markets as well as Michigan s weak economic conditions. 

Data processing expenses were relatively unchanged in 2010 as compared to 2009 but increased by approximately 1.6 million in each year over the 2008 level. Several categories of data processing expenses increased including costs for disaster recovery, debit card transactions and remote data capture and imaging at our branches. Certain of these costs have correspondingly equivalent or greater related increases in revenues (interchange income) or decreases in expenses (courier costs which are included in other non-interest expenses). 

Deposit insurance expense declined in 2010 compared to 2009 due primarily to a decrease in the amount of brokered certificates of deposit Brokered CDs ). Deposit insurance expense increased substantially in 2009 compared to 2008, reflecting higher assessment rates and an industry-wide special assessment of 1.4 million in the second quarter of 2009. This special assessment was equal to 5 basis points on total assets less Tier 1 capital. In addition, our balance of total deposits increased during 2009. 

As an FDIC insured institution, we are required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Under the FDIC s current risk-based assessment system for deposit insurance premiums, all insured depository institutions are placed into one of four categories and assessed insurance premiums based primarily on their level of capital and supervisory evaluations. Deposit insurance assessments currently range from 0.07 to 0.78 of average domestic deposits, depending on an institution's risk classification and other factors. Effective beginning April 1, 2011, banks will be charged FDIC insurance premiums based on net assets (defined as the quarter to date average daily total assets less the quarter to date average daily Tier 1 capital) rather than based on average domestic deposits. Initial base assessment rates will vary from 0.05 to 0.35 of net assets and may be adjusted between negative 0.025 and positive 0.10 for an unsecured debt adjustment and a brokered deposit adjustment. Assuming that we remain in the same risk category, we expect that this new FDIC assessment system will result in a decline in our deposit insurance premiums. 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment expense declined by 0.6 million in 2010 and were relatively unchanged between 2009 and 2008. The decline in 2010 is due primarily to our cost reduction initiatives. We have restricted new capital expenditures and certain fixed assets have become fully depreciated and were not replaced leading to the decrease in this expense category during 2010. 

The variations in credit card and bank service fees in each year generally correspond to changes in the number of vehicle service contract payment plans being administered by Mepco (shrinking during 2010 and growing during 2009). As described above, we expect payment plans at Mepco to decline somewhat further in 2011, and would therefore expect these expenses to eventually decline as well. 

Communications expense declined by 0.3 million in 2010 after rising by 0.4 million in 2009, each compared to the prior year. These variations are primarily due to changes in mailing costs at Mepco and reflect changes in the volume of payment plan receivables. 

20 

Legal and professional fees have increased over the past two years compared to 2008 levels due primarily to increased legal expenses associated with the issues described above related to Mepco and due to various regulatory matters and increased third-party costs principally associated with external reviews of our loan portfolio. 

Total advertising expense was substantially lower (reduced by over 50 in 2010 compared to 2009 and 2008 levels due primarily to a reduction in outdoor advertising (billboards) and the elimination of our debit card rewards program. These decreases are consistent with our cost reduction initiatives. 

Supplies expense has declined over the past three years consistent with our cost reduction initiatives. 

The amortization of intangible assets primarily relates to branch acquisitions and the amortization of the deposit customer relationship value, including core deposit value, which was acquired. This amortization has been declining based on the amortization schedule for our core deposit premium. 

During 2009, we recorded a 16.7 million goodwill impairment charge at our Mepco segment. In the fourth quarter of 2009 we updated our goodwill impairment testing (interim tests had also been performed in each of the first three quarters of 2009). The results of the year end goodwill impairment testing showed that the estimated fair value of our Mepco reporting unit was now less than the carrying value of equity. The fair value of Mepco is principally based on estimated future earnings utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology. Mepco recorded a substantial loss in the fourth quarter of 2009 (Mepco had been profitable during the first nine months of 2009). Further, Mepco s largest business counterparty, who accounted for nearly one-half of Mepco s payment plan business, defaulted in its obligations to Mepco and this counterparty declared bankruptcy in March 2010. These factors adversely impacted the level of Mepco s expected future earnings and hence its fair value. A step 2 analysis and valuation was performed. Based on the step 2 analysis (which involved determining the fair value of Mepco s assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles), we concluded that goodwill was now impaired, resulting in this 16.7 million charge. 

During 2008, we recorded a 50.0 million goodwill impairment charge at our Independent Bank segment. In the fourth quarter of 2008 we updated our goodwill impairment testing (interim tests had also been performed in the second and third quarters of 2008). Our common stock price dropped further in the fourth quarter of 2008 resulting in a wider difference between our market capitalization and book value. The results of the year end goodwill impairment testing showed that the estimated fair value of our bank reporting unit was less than the carrying value of equity. This necessitated a step 2 analysis and valuation. Based on the step 2 analysis (which involved determining the fair value of our bank s assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles) we concluded that goodwill was now impaired, resulting in this 50.0 million charge. The remaining goodwill at December 31, 2008 of 16.7 million was at our Mepco reporting unit and the testing performed at that time indicated that this goodwill was not impaired. Mepco had net income from continuing operations of 10.7 million and 5.1 million in 2008 and 2007, respectively. Based primarily on Mepco s estimated future earnings, the fair value of this reporting unit (utilizing a discounted cash flow method) was determined to be in excess of its carrying value at the end of 2008. A portion of the 50.0 goodwill impairment charge was tax deductible and a 6.3 million tax benefit was recorded related to this charge. 

The changes in costs (recoveries) related to unfunded lending commitments are primarily impacted by changes in the amounts of such commitments to originate portfolio loans as well as (for commercial loan commitments) the grade (pursuant to our loan rating system) of such commitments. 

Other non-interest expenses totaled 6.6 million in 2010, compared to 5.7 million in 2009, and 7.6 million in 2008. The increase in 2010 as compared to 2009 is due primarily to a 0.5 million increase in certain insurance costs (primarily directors and officers liability insurance) and a 0.2 million increase in expense for litigation matters. The decrease in 2009, compared to 2008, was primarily due to a decrease in costs associated with travel and entertainment expenses and bank courier costs. 

21 

In July 2007, the State of Michigan replaced its Single Business Tax SBT with a new Michigan Business Tax MBT which became effective in 2008. Financial institutions are subject to an industry-specific tax which is based on net capital. The MBT is recorded in other non-interest expenses. Our MBT expense was 0.1 million in both 2010 and 2009 and was 0.2 million in 2008. 

Income tax expense (benefit). Income tax expense (benefit) was (1.6) million, (3.2) million, and 3.1 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. A change in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance of 5.7 million, 24.0 million and 27.6 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively, largely offset the effect of pre-tax losses. The 2010 and 2009 valuation allowances are net of 1.4 million and 4.1 million, respectively, allocations of deferred taxes on accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

We assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets periodically. The realization of deferred tax assets (net of the recorded valuation allowance) is largely dependent upon future taxable income, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and the ability to carry-back losses to available tax years. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all positive and negative evidence, including anticipated operating results, taxable income in carry-back years, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. In 2008, our conclusion that we needed a valuation allowance was based on a number of factors, including our declining operating performance since 2005 and our net operating loss in 2008, overall negative trends in the banking industry and our expectation that our operating results will continue to be negatively affected by the overall economic environment. As a result, we recorded a valuation allowance in 2008 of 36.2 million on our deferred tax assets which consisted of 27.6 million recognized as income tax expense and 8.6 million recognized through the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of shareholders equity. The valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2008 of 36.2 million represented our entire net deferred tax asset except for that amount which could be carried back to 2007 and recovered in cash as well as for certain deferred tax assets at Mepco that related to state income taxes and that can be recovered based on Mepco s individual earnings. During 2010 and 2009, we concluded that we needed to continue to carry a valuation allowance based on similar factors discussed above. As a result we recorded an additional valuation allowance of 5.7 million and 24.0 million during 2010 and 2009, respectively. The valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of 65.8 million at December 31, 2010 may be reversed to income in future periods to the extent that the related deferred income tax assets are realized or the valuation allowance is otherwise no longer required. This valuation allowance represents our entire net deferred tax asset except for certain deferred tax assets at Mepco that relate to state income taxes and that can be recovered based on Mepco s individual earnings. 

Despite the valuation allowance, these deferred tax assets remain available to offset future taxable income. Our deferred tax assets will be analyzed quarterly for changes affecting the valuation allowance, which may be adjusted in future periods accordingly. In making such judgments, significant weight will be given to evidence that can be objectively verified. We will analyze changes in near-term market conditions and consider both positive and negative evidence as well as other factors which may impact future operating results in making any decision to adjust this valuation allowance. 

The capital initiatives detailed below under Liquidity and capital resources may trigger an ownership change that would negatively affect our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets in the future. As a result, we may suffer higher-than-anticipated tax expense, and consequently lower net income and cash flow, in those future years. As of December 31, 2010, we had federal loss carryforwards of approximately 56.1 million (which includes 0.6 million of federal capital loss carryforwards). Companies are subject to a change of ownership test under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), that, if met, would limit the annual utilization of tax losses and credits carrying forward from pre-change of ownership periods, as well as the ability to use certain unrealized built-in losses. Generally, under Section 382, the yearly limitation on our ability to utilize such deductions will be equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate (presently 3.67 and the sum of the values of our common shares and of our outstanding preferred stock, immediately before the ownership change. In addition to limits on the use of net operating loss carryforwards, our ability to utilize deductions related to bad debts and other losses for up to a five-year period following such an ownership change would also be limited under Section 382, to the extent that such deductions reflect a net loss that was built-in to our assets immediately prior to the ownership change. At this time, the details (including the timing and size of a stock offering) and the likelihood of success of the capital initiatives are not certain; therefore, we do not know the likelihood of experiencing a change of ownership under these tax rules. 

22 

Since we currently have a valuation allowance intended to fully offset these net operating loss carryforwards and most other deferred tax assets, we do not expect these tax rules to cause a material impact to our net income or loss in the near term. 

Our actual federal income tax expense (benefit) is different than the amount computed by applying our statutory federal income tax rate to our pre-tax income from continuing operations primarily due to tax-exempt interest income and tax-exempt income from the increase in the cash surrender value on life insurance, as well as the impact of the change in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

Income tax expense (benefit) in the consolidated statements of operations also includes income taxes in a variety of other states due primarily to Mepco s operations. The amounts of such state income taxes were a benefit of 0.1 million in 2010, zero in 2009, and an expense of 1.0 million in 2008. 

Business segments. Our reportable segments are based upon legal entities. We currently have two reportable segments: Independent Bank and Mepco. These business segments are also differentiated based on the products and services provided. We evaluate performance based principally on net income (loss) of the respective reportable segments. 

The following table presents net income (loss) by business segment. 

BUSINESS SEGMENTS 

Year ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Independent Bank 

(27,049 

(71,095 

(92,551 

Mepco 

(1,388 

(11,689 

10,729 

Other (1) 

11,823 

(7,636 

(9,780 

Elimination 

(95 

193 

(62 

Net loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

__________ 

(1) 

Includes amounts relating to our parent company and certain insignificant operations. 2010 includes parent company's 18.1 million gain on extinguishment of debt. 

The losses recorded by the bank over the past three years are primarily due to elevated provisions for loan losses, loan and collection costs and losses on other real estate. These credit related costs primarily reflect our levels of non-performing loans, ORE, other problem credits, and loan net charge-offs. (See Portfolio Loans and asset quality. The reduced loss in 2010 principally reflects a decline in the provision for loan losses that was partially offset by a decrease in net interest income. 2008 bank results included a 50.0 million goodwill impairment charge. (See Non-interest expense. In addition, the bank results included 5.7 million, 24.0 million and 27.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, of income tax expense for a change in the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. (See Income tax expense (benefit). 

The changes in Mepco s net income or loss are due primarily to changes in the level of vehicle service counterparty contingencies expense as well as changes in its level of net interest income. In addition, 2009 results included a goodwill impairment charge of 16.7 million. (See Non-interest expense. All of Mepco s funding is provided by its parent company, Independent Bank, through an intercompany loan (that is eliminated in consolidation). The rate on this intercompany loan was increased to the Prime Rate (currently 3.25 effective January 1, 2010. Prior to 2010, this intercompany loan was priced principally based on Brokered CD rates. Mepco might not be able to obtain such favorable funding costs on its own in the open market. 

23 

The significant change in Other in the Business Segments table above for 2010 compared to 2009 and 2008 is due primarily to the 18.1 million gain on the extinguishment of debt that was recorded at the parent company in the second quarter of 2010. In addition, interest expense at the parent company declined in the second half of 2010 due to the exchange of 41.4 million in liquidation amount of trust preferred securities for common stock on June 23, 2010. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Summary. Our total assets declined to 2.54 billion at December 31, 2010 compared to 2.97 billion at December 31, 2009. The decline in total assets primarily reflects decreases in securities available for sale and loans, excluding loans held for sale Portfolio Loans that were partially offset by increases in cash and cash equivalents and in vehicle service contract counterparty receivables. Portfolio Loans decreased 486.3 million, or 21.1 , in 2010 as every category of loans declined. The decline in total assets and, in particular, Portfolio Loans, reflects our efforts to preserve regulatory capital ratios despite the adverse impact on capital of net losses over the past three years. Total deposits decreased by 313.9 million in 2010 principally as a result of a planned reduction in Brokered CDs. 

Subordinated debentures totaled 50.2 million at December 31, 2010, compared to 92.9 million at December 31, 2009. This 42.7 million decline relates to the exchange of our common stock for certain trust preferred securities completed in June 2010 and the corresponding cancellation of the related subordinated debentures issued by our parent company. 

Securities. We maintain diversified securities portfolios, which include obligations of the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government-sponsored agencies, securities issued by states and political subdivisions, corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities and other asset-backed securities. We regularly evaluate asset/liability management needs and attempt to maintain a portfolio structure that provides sufficient liquidity and cash flow. Except as discussed as follows, we believe that the unrealized losses on securities available for sale are temporary in nature and are expected to be recovered within a reasonable time period. We believe that we have the ability to hold securities with unrealized losses to maturity or until such time as the unrealized losses reverse. (See Asset/liability management. 

Securities available for sale declined during 2010 and 2009 because maturities and principal payments in the portfolio were not replaced with new purchases. Additionally, we sold municipal securities in 2010 and 2009 primarily because our current tax situation (net operating loss carryforward) negates the benefit of holding tax exempt securities. In 2010, we also sold certain agency and private-label residential mortgage-backed securities and bank trust preferred securities to augment our liquidity. (See Liquidity and capital resources. 

We recorded net impairment losses related to other than temporary impairment on securities available for sale of 0.5 million, 0.1 million, and 0.2 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. The 2010 impairment charge primarily relates to two private label residential mortgage-backed securities. The 2009 impairment charge relates to a private label residential mortgage-backed security and trust preferred security issued by a small Michigan-based community bank. The 2008 impairment charge relates to this same trust preferred security. In these instances we believe that the decline in value is directly due to matters other than changes in interest rates, are not expected to be recovered within a reasonable timeframe based upon available information and are therefore other than temporary in nature. (See Non-interest income and Asset/liability management. 

SECURITIES 

Unrealized 

Amortized 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair 

Value 

(In thousands) 

Securities available for sale 

December 31, 2010 

72,312 

771 

5,219 

67,864 

December 31, 2009 

171,049 

3,149 

10,047 

164,151 

24 

Our portfolio of available-for-sale securities is reviewed quarterly for impairment in value. In performing this review management considers (1) the length of time and extent that fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (3) the impact of changes in market interest rates on the market value of the security and (4) an assessment of whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. For securities that do not meet the aforementioned recovery criteria, the amount of impairment recognized in earnings is limited to the amount related to credit losses, while impairment related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income or loss. 

Portfolio Loans and asset quality. In addition to the communities served by our bank branch network, our principal lending markets also include nearby communities and metropolitan areas. Subject to established underwriting criteria, we also historically participated in commercial lending transactions with certain non-affiliated banks and also purchased mortgage loans from third-party originators. Currently, we are not engaging in any new commercial loan participations with non-affiliated banks or purchasing any mortgage loans from third party originators. 

The senior management and board of directors of our bank retain authority and responsibility for credit decisions and we have adopted uniform underwriting standards. Our loan committee structure and the loan review process attempt to provide requisite controls and promote compliance with such established underwriting standards. There can be no assurance that the aforementioned lending procedures and the use of uniform underwriting standards will prevent us from the possibility of incurring significant credit losses in our lending activities and, in fact, we recorded a significant provision for loan losses in 2010, 2009 and 2008 as compared to prior historical levels. 

We generally retain loans that may be profitably funded within established risk parameters. (See Asset/liability management. As a result, we may hold adjustable-rate and balloon real estate mortgage loans as Portfolio Loans, while 15- and 30-year, fixed-rate obligations are generally sold to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. (See Non-interest income. 

LOAN PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Real estate (1) 

Residential first mortgages 

601,755 

684,567 

Residential home equity and other junior mortgages 

171,273 

203,222 

Construction and land development 

68,022 

69,496 

Other (2) 

484,019 

585,988 

Payment plan receivables 

201,263 

406,341 

Commercial 

155,322 

187,110 

Consumer 

126,525 

156,213 

Agricultural 

4,937 

6,435 

Total loans 

1,813,116 

2,299,372 

__________ 

(1) 

Includes both residential and non-residential commercial loans secured by real estate. 

(2) 

Includes loans secured by multi-family residential and non-farm, non-residential property. 

Future growth of overall Portfolio Loans is dependent upon a number of competitive and economic factors. Overall loan demand has slowed since 2007, reflecting weak economic conditions in Michigan. Further, it is our desire to reduce certain loan categories in order to preserve our regulatory capital ratios or for risk management reasons. For example, construction and land development loans have been declining because we are seeking to shrink this portion of our Portfolio Loans due to a generally poor economic climate for real estate development, particularly residential real estate. In addition, payment plan receivables declined in 2010 as we seek to reduce Mepco s vehicle service contract payment plan business. (See Non-interest expense. Further declines in Portfolio Loans may continue to adversely impact our future net interest income. 

25 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-accrual loans 

66,652 

105,965 

122,639 

Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest 

928 

3,940 

2,626 

Total non-performing loans 

67,580 

109,905 

125,265 

Other real estate and repossessed assets 

39,413 

31,534 

19,998 

Total non-performing assets 

106,993 

141,439 

145,263 

As a percent of Portfolio Loans 

Non-performing loans 

3.73 

4.78 

5.09 

Allowance for loan losses 

3.75 

3.55 

2.35 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

4.22 

4.77 

4.91 

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of non-performing loans 

100.50 

74.35 

46.22 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS 

December 31, 2010 

Commercial 

Retail 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Performing TDR's 

16,957 

96,855 

113,812 

Non-performing TDR's(1) 

7,814 

16,616 

(2) 

24,430 

Total 

24,771 

113,471 

138,242 

December 31, 2009 

Commercial 

Retail 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Performing TDR's 

3,500 

68,461 

71,961 

Non-performing TDR's(1) 

- 

14,937 

(2) 

14,937 

Total 

3,500 

83,398 

86,898 

__________ 

(1) 

Included in non-performing loan table above. 

(2) 

Also includes loans on non-accrual at the time of modification until six payments are received on a timely basis. 

Non-performing loans declined by 42.3 million, or 38.5 , in 2010 and by 15.4 million, or 12.3 , in 2009 due principally to declines in non-performing commercial loans and residential mortgage loans. These declines primarily reflect loan net charge-offs, pay-offs, negotiated transactions, and the migration of loans into ORE. Non-performing commercial loans relate largely to delinquencies caused by cash-flow difficulties encountered by real estate developers (due to a decline in sales of real estate) as well as owners of income-producing properties (due to higher vacancy rates and/or lower rental rates). Non-performing residential mortgage loans are primarily due to delinquencies reflecting both weak economic conditions and soft residential real estate values in many parts of Michigan. Non-performing loans exclude performing loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings TDRs ). Performing TDRs totaled 113.8 million, or 6.28 of total Portfolio Loans, and 72.0 million, or 3.13 of total Portfolio Loans, at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The increase in performing TDRs in 2010 primarily reflects the modification of residential mortgage loans to assist borrowers experiencing financial difficulty where we believe such difficulty is temporary in nature and that the borrower can still repay the loan on a long-term basis. 

26 

ORE and repossessed assets totaled 39.4 million at December 31, 2010, compared to 31.5 million at December 31, 2009. This increase is primarily the result of the migration of non-performing loans secured by real estate into ORE as the foreclosure process is completed and any redemption period expires. High foreclosure rates are evident nationwide, but Michigan has consistently had one of the higher foreclosure rates in the U.S. during the past few years. We believe that this high foreclosure rate is due to both weak economic conditions and declines in residential real estate values (which has eroded or eliminated the equity that many mortgagors had in their home). Because the redemption period on foreclosures is relatively long in Michigan (six months to one year) and we have many non-performing loans that were in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2010, we anticipate that our level of ORE and repossessed assets will likely remain at elevated levels for some period of time. An elevated level of non-performing assets adversely impacts our net interest income. 

We will place a loan that is 90 days or more past due on non-accrual, unless we believe the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Accordingly, we have determined that the collection of the accrued and unpaid interest on any loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest is probable. 

ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Specific allocations 

24,925 

29,593 

16,788 

Other adversely rated loans 

8,168 

14,481 

9,511 

Historical loss allocations 

20,543 

22,777 

20,270 

Additional allocations based on subjective factors 

14,279 

14,866 

11,331 

Total 

67,915 

81,717 

57,900 

Some loans will not be repaid in full. Therefore, an allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which represents our best estimate of losses incurred. In determining the allowance and the related provision for loan losses, we consider four principal elements: (i) specific allocations based upon probable losses identified during the review of the loan portfolio, (ii) allocations established for other adversely rated loans, (iii) allocations based principally on historical loan loss experience, and (iv) additional allowances based on subjective factors, including local and general economic business factors and trends, portfolio concentrations and changes in the size and/or the general terms of the loan portfolios. 

The first element reflects our estimate of probable incurred losses based upon our systematic review of specific loans. These estimates are based upon a number of objective factors, such as payment history, financial condition of the borrower, discounted collateral exposure and discounted cash flow analysis. Impaired commercial and mortgage loans are allocated allowance amounts using this first element. The second element reflects the application of our loan rating system. This rating system is similar to those employed by state and federal banking regulators. Loans that are rated below a certain predetermined classification are assigned a loss allocation factor for each loan classification category that is based upon a historical analysis of both the probability of default and the expected loss rate loss given default ). The lower the rating assigned to a loan or category, the greater the allocation percentage that is applied. For higher rated loans non-watch credit we again determine a probability of default and loss given default in order to apply an allocation percentage. Commercial loans not falling under the first element are allocated allowance amounts using this second element. The third element is determined by assigning allocations to homogeneous loan groups based principally upon the five-year average of loss experience for each type of loan. Recent years are weighted more heavily in this average. Average losses may be further adjusted based on an analysis of delinquent loans. Loss analyses are conducted at least annually. Mortgage loans not falling under the first element as well as installment and payment plan receivables are allocated allowance amounts using this third element. The fourth element is based on factors that cannot be associated with a specific credit or loan category and reflects our attempt to ensure that the overall allowance for loan losses appropriately reflects a margin for the imprecision necessarily inherent in the estimates of expected credit losses. We consider a number of subjective factors when determining this fourth element, including local and general economic business factors and trends, portfolio concentrations and changes in the size, mix and the general terms of the loan portfolios. 

27 

Increases in the allowance are recorded by a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Although we periodically allocate portions of the allowance to specific loans and loan portfolios, the entire allowance is available for incurred losses. We generally charge-off commercial, homogenous residential mortgage, installment and payment plan receivable loans when they are deemed uncollectible or reach a predetermined number of days past due based on loan product, industry practice and other factors. Collection efforts may continue and recoveries may occur after a loan is charged against the allowance. 

While we use relevant information to recognize losses on loans, additional provisions for related losses may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, customer circumstances and other credit risk factors. 

Mepco s allowance for losses is determined in a similar manner as discussed above, and primarily takes into account historical loss experience and other subjective factors deemed relevant to Mepco s payment plan business. Estimated incurred losses associated with Mepco s vehicle service contract payment plans are included in the provision for loan losses. Mepco recorded a credit of 0.3 million for its provision for loan losses in 2010 due primarily to a significant decline 205.1 million, or 50.5 in the balance of payment plan receivables. This compares to an expense for its provision for loan losses of 0.3 million and 0.04 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively. Mepco s allowance for loan losses totaled 0.4 million and 0.8 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Mepco has established procedures for vehicle service contract payment plan servicing, administration and collections, including the timely cancellation of the vehicle service contract, in order to protect our position in the event of payment default or voluntary cancellation by the customer. Mepco has also established procedures to attempt to prevent and detect fraud since the payment plan origination activities and initial customer contact is done entirely through unrelated third parties (vehicle service contract administrators and sellers or automobile dealerships). However, there can be no assurance that the aforementioned risk management policies and procedures will prevent us from the possibility of incurring significant credit or fraud related losses in this business segment. 

The allowance for loan losses was 67.9 million, or 3.75 of total Portfolio Loans at December 31, 2010 compared to 81.7 million, or 3.55 of total Portfolio Loans at December 31, 2009. All four of the components of the allowance for loan losses outlined above declined in 2010 as compared to 2009. The allowance for loan losses related to specific loans decreased 4.7 million in 2010 due primarily to a decline in loss allocations on individual commercial credits. There was a 9.0 million increase in loss allocations (which totaled 17.5 million at December 31, 2010, compared to 8.6 million at December 31, 2009) for loans classified as TDR. This increase is due in part to a 34.6 million increase in the balance of TDR loans with an allocated allowance during 2010, which totaled 112.5 million at December 31, 2010, compared to 77.8 million at December 31, 2009. The allowance for loan losses related to other adversely rated loans decreased 6.3 million in 2010 primarily due to a decrease in the balance of such loans from 140.4 million at December 31, 2009 to 121.8 million at December 31, 2010, with the most significant decrease occurring in non-impaired substandard commercial loans with balances of over 1 million, which decreased 13.3 million from 19.5 million at December 31, 2009 to 6.2 million at December 31, 2010. The allowance allocation determined on these loans was reduced 4.7 million from 6.0 million at December 31, 2009 to 1.4 million at December 31, 2010. The allowance for loan losses related to historical losses decreased due to declines in loan balances, as total Portfolio Loans declined 486.3 million from 2.299 billion at December 31, 2009 to 1.813 billion at December 31, 2010. Finally, the allowance for loan losses related to subjective factors decreased slightly primarily due to the improvement in certain economic indicators used in computing this portion of the allowance. 

28 

During 2009 all four components of the allowance for loan losses increased as compared to 2008. The allowance for loan losses related to specific loans increased due to larger reserves on some individual credits even though total non-performing commercial loans had declined since year end 2008. The allowance for loan losses related to other adversely rated loans increased primarily due to changes in the mix of commercial loan ratings. The allowance for loan losses related to historical losses increased due to higher loan net charge-offs (which was partially offset by declines in loan balances). Finally, the allowance for loan losses related to subjective factors increased primarily due to weaker economic conditions in Michigan. 

ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS AND UNFUNDED COMMITMENTS 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commitments 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commitments 

Loan 

Losses 

Unfunded 

Commitments 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

81,717 

1,858 

57,900 

2,144 

45,294 

1,936 

Additions (deductions) 

Provision for loan losses 

46,765 

- 

103,318 

- 

71,113 

- 

Recoveries credited to allowance 

3,612 

- 

2,795 

- 

3,489 

- 

Loans charged against the allowance 

(64,179 

- 

(82,296 

- 

(61,996 

- 

Additions (deductions) included in non-interest expense 

- 

(536 

- 

(286 

- 

208 

Balance at end of year 

67,915 

1,322 

81,717 

1,858 

57,900 

2,144 

Net loans charged against the allowance to average Portfolio Loans 

2.97 

3.28 

2.30 

The ratio of loan net charge-offs to average loans was 2.97 in 2010 (or 60.6 million) compared to 3.28 in 2009 (or 79.5 million). The decline in loan net charge-offs primarily reflects decreases of 16.0 million for commercial loans and 3.0 million for residential mortgage loans. These decreases in loan net charge-offs primarily reflect reduced levels of non-performing loans and some stabilization in collateral liquidation values. Loan net charge-off levels began to moderate in the second half of 2009 with 48.4 million in the first six months compared to 31.1 million in the last six months of that year. The majority of the loan net charge-offs in the first part of 2009 related to commercial loans and in particular several land or land development loans (due to significant drops in real estate values) and one large commercial credit (which defaulted in March 2009). Land and land development loans now total just 44.2 million (or 2.4 of total Portfolio Loans) and approximately one-half of these loans are already in non-performing or watch credit status and the entire portfolio has been carefully evaluated and an appropriate allowance or charge-off has been recorded. Further, the commercial loan portfolio is thoroughly analyzed each quarter through our credit review process and an appropriate allowance and provision for loan losses is recorded based on such review and in light of prevailing market conditions. 

Deposits and borrowings. Historically, the loyalty of our customer base has allowed us to price deposits competitively, contributing to a net interest margin that compares favorably to our peers. However, we still face a significant amount of competition for deposits within many of the markets served by our branch network, which limits our ability to materially increase deposits without adversely impacting the weighted-average cost of core deposits. 

To attract new core deposits, we have implemented a high-performance checking program that utilizes a combination of direct mail solicitations, in-branch merchandising, gifts for customers opening new checking accounts or referring business to our bank and branch staff sales training. This program has historically generated increases in customer relationships. Over the past two to three years we have also expanded our treasury management products and services for commercial businesses and municipalities or other governmental units and have also increased our sales calling efforts in order to attract additional deposit relationships from these sectors. We view long-term core deposit growth as an important objective. Core deposits generally provide a more stable and lower cost source of funds than alternative sources such as short-term borrowings. As a result, funding Portfolio Loans with alternative sources of funds (as opposed to core deposits) may erode certain of our profitability measures, such as return on assets, and may also adversely impact our liquidity. (See Liquidity and capital resources. 

29 

During the fourth quarter of 2009 we prepaid our estimated quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC for periods through the fourth quarter of 2012. These estimated quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments were based on projected deposit balances over the assessment periods. The prepaid deposit insurance premium assessments totaled 15.9 million and 22.0 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, and will be expensed over the assessment period (through the fourth quarter of 2012). The actual expense over the assessment periods may be different from this prepaid amount due to various factors including variances in the estimated compared to the actual deposit balances and assessment rates used during each assessment period. 

We have also implemented strategies that incorporate using federal funds purchased, other borrowings and Brokered CDs to fund a portion of our interest earning assets. The use of such alternate sources of funds supplements our core deposits and is also an integral part of our asset/liability management efforts. 

ALTERNATE SOURCES OF FUNDS 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Amount 

Average 

Maturity 

Rate 

Amount 

Average 

Maturity 

Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Brokered CDs(1) 

273,546 

2.4 years 

2.89 

629,150 

2.2 years 

2.46 

Fixed-rate FHLB advances(1) 

21,022 

5.9 years 

6.34 

27,382 

5.5 years 

6.59 

Variable-rate FHLB advances(1) 

50,000 

0.8 years 

0.41 

67,000 

1.4 years 

0.32 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase(1) 

- 

35,000 

.9 years 

4.42 

Total 

344,568 

2.4 years 

2.74 

758,532 

2.2 years 

2.51 

__________ 

(1) 

Certain of these items have had their average maturity and rate altered through the use of derivative instruments, such as pay-fixed interest-rate swaps. 

Other borrowings, principally advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Repurchase Agreements ), totaled 71.0 million at December 31, 2010, compared to 131.2 million at December 31, 2009. The 60.2 million decrease in other borrowed funds principally reflects the payoff of FHLB borrowings and Repurchase Agreements with funds from the sale or maturity of securities available for sale and from the pay down of Portfolio Loans. 

As described above, we rely on wholesale funding, including FHLB borrowings and Brokered CDs to augment our core deposits to fund our business. As of December 31, 2010, our use of such wholesale funding sources amounted to approximately 344.6 million, or 14.8 of total funding (deposits and total borrowings, excluding subordinated debentures). Because wholesale funding sources are affected by general market conditions, the availability of funding from wholesale lenders may be dependent on the confidence these investors have in our financial condition and operations. The continued availability to us of these funding sources is uncertain, and Brokered CDs may be difficult for us to retain or replace at attractive rates as they mature. Our liquidity will be constrained if we are unable to renew our wholesale funding sources or if adequate financing is not available in the future at acceptable rates of interest or at all. We may not have sufficient liquidity to continue to fund new loans, and we may need to liquidate loans or other assets unexpectedly, in order to repay obligations as they mature. 

30 

In addition, if we fail to remain well-capitalized (under federal regulatory standards), we will be prohibited from accepting or renewing Brokered CDs without the prior consent of the FDIC. At December 31, 2010, we had Brokered CDs of approximately 273.5 million, or 12.1 of total deposits. Of this amount 22.2 million mature during the next twelve months. As a result, any such restrictions on our ability to access Brokered CDs may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

Moreover, we cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain our current level of core deposits. In particular, those deposits that are currently uninsured or those deposits that were in the FDIC Transaction Account Guarantee Program TAGP ), which expired on December 31, 2010, may be particularly susceptible to outflow, although the Dodd-Frank Act extended protection similar to that provided under the TAGP through December 31, 2012 for only non-interest bearing transaction accounts. At December 31, 2010 we had 156.9 million of uninsured deposits and an additional 139.0 million of deposits that were in non-interest bearing transaction accounts and fully insured through December 31, 2012 under the Dodd-Frank Act. A reduction in core deposits would increase our need to rely on wholesale funding sources, at a time when our ability to do so may be more restricted, as described above. 

Our financial performance will be materially affected if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources. In such case, our net interest income and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

We historically employed derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates. We discontinued the active use of derivative financial instruments during 2008, in part because we could no longer get unsecured credit from our derivatives counterparties. At December 31, 2010, we had remaining interest-rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of 20.0 million and interest rate caps with an aggregate notional amount of 5.0 million. 

Liquidity and capital resources. Liquidity risk is the risk of being unable to timely meet obligations as they come due at a reasonable funding cost or without incurring unacceptable losses. Our liquidity management involves the measurement and monitoring of a variety of sources and uses of funds. Our consolidated statements of cash flows categorize these sources and uses into operating, investing and financing activities. We primarily focus our liquidity management on developing access to a variety of borrowing sources to supplement our deposit gathering activities and provide funds for growing our investment and loan portfolios as well as to be able to respond to unforeseen liquidity needs. 

Our primary sources of funds include our deposit base, secured advances from the FHLB, a federal funds purchased borrowing facility with another commercial bank, and access to the capital markets (for Brokered CDs). 

At December 31, 2010 we had 413.4 million of time deposits that mature in the next twelve months. Historically, a majority of these maturing time deposits are renewed by our customers or are Brokered CDs that we expect to replace. Additionally 1.448 billion of our deposits at December 31, 2010 were in account types from which the customer could withdraw the funds on demand. Changes in the balances of deposits that can be withdrawn upon demand are usually predictable and the total balances of these accounts have generally grown or have been stable over time as a result of our marketing and promotional activities. There can be no assurance that historical patterns of renewing time deposits or overall growth in deposits will continue in the future. 

In particular, media reports about bank failures have created concerns among depositors at banks throughout the country, including certain of our customers, particularly those with deposit balances in excess of deposit insurance limits. In response, the FDIC announced several programs including increasing the deposit insurance limit from 100,000 to 250,000 at least until December 31, 2013 and providing unlimited deposit insurance for balances in non-interest bearing demand deposit and certain low interest rate transaction accounts until December 31, 2010 (see discussion of TAGP above). The Dodd-Frank Act makes the increase in the deposit insurance limit from 100,000 to 250,000 permanent and extends protection similar to that provided under the TAGP for only noninterest bearing transaction accounts through December 31, 2012. We have proactively sought to provide appropriate information to our deposit customers about our organization in order to retain our business and deposit relationships. Despite these moves by the FDIC and our proactive communications efforts, the potential outflow of deposits remains as a significant liquidity risk, particularly since our recent losses and our elevated level of non-performing assets have reduced some of the financial ratings of our bank that are followed by our larger deposit customers, such as municipalities. The outflow of significant amounts of deposits could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. 

31 

We have developed contingency funding plans that stress tests our liquidity needs that may arise from certain events such as an adverse change in our financial metrics (for example, credit quality or regulatory capital ratios). Our liquidity management also includes periodic monitoring that measures quick assets (defined generally as short-term assets with maturities less than 30 days and loans held for sale) to total assets; short-term liability dependence and basic surplus (defined as quick assets compared to short-term liabilities). Policy limits have been established for our various liquidity measurements and are monitored on a monthly basis. In addition, we also prepare cash flow forecasts that include a variety of different scenarios. 

As a result of the liquidity risks described above and in Deposits and borrowings we have increased our level of overnight cash balances in interest-bearing accounts to 336.4 million at December 31, 2010 from 223.5 million at December 31, 2009. We have also issued longer-term (two to five years) callable Brokered CDs and reduced certain secured borrowings to increase available funding sources. We believe these actions will assist us in meeting our liquidity needs during 2011. 

As described in greater detail below, we are deferring interest on our subordinated debentures and are not currently paying any dividends on our preferred or common stock. Interest on the subordinated debentures can continue to be deferred until the fourth quarter of 2014. Thus, the only use of cash at the parent company at the present time is for operating expenses. Because of the losses that our bank subsidiary has experienced and the bank s regulatory capital requirements, we do not anticipate that the bank will be able to pay any dividends up to the parent company for at least the next two years. As a result, the only substantial near term source of cash to our parent company is under an equity line facility that is described in detail below. We believe that the available cash on hand as well as access to the equity line facility provide sufficient liquidity at the parent company to meet its operating expenses until the fourth quarter of 2014 (at which point the parent company can no longer defer interest on its subordinated debentures). 

In the normal course of business, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include requirements to make future payments on debt and lease arrangements, contractual commitments for capital expenditures, and service contracts. The table below summarizes our significant contractual obligations at December 31, 2010. 

CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENTS(1) 

1 Year 

or Less 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

After 

5 Years 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Time deposit maturities 

413,416 

237,238 

152,933 

733 

804,320 

Other borrowings 

44,260 

5,364 

7,240 

14,168 

71,032 

Subordinated debentures 

- 

- 

- 

50,175 

50,175 

Operating lease obligations 

1,455 

2,388 

1,964 

4,338 

10,145 

Purchase obligations(2) 

1,582 

3,164 

2,109 

- 

6,855 

Total 

460,713 

248,154 

164,246 

69,414 

942,527 

__________ 

(1) 

Excludes approximately 1.2 million of accrued tax and interest relative to uncertain tax benefits due to the high degree of uncertainty as to when, or if, those amounts would be paid. 

(2) 

Includes contracts with a minimum annual payment of 1.0 million and are not cancellable within one year. 

32 

Effective management of capital resources is critical to our mission to create value for our shareholders. The cost of capital is an important factor in creating shareholder value and, accordingly, our capital structure includes cumulative trust preferred securities and cumulative preferred stock. 

CAPITALIZATION 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Subordinated debentures 

50,175 

92,888 

Amount not qualifying as regulatory capital 

(1,507 

(2,788 

Amount qualifying as regulatory capital 

48,668 

90,100 

Shareholders equity 

Preferred stock 

75,700 

69,157 

Common stock 

246,407 

2,386 

Capital surplus 

- 

223,095 

Accumulated deficit 

(189,902 

(169,098 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(13,120 

(15,679 

Total shareholders equity 

119,085 

109,861 

Total capitalization 

167,753 

199,961 

We have four special purpose entities that originally issued 90.1 million of cumulative trust preferred securities. On June 23, 2010, we exchanged 5.1 million shares of our common stock (having a fair value of approximately 23.5 million on the date of the exchange) for 41.4 million in liquidation amount of trust preferred securities and 2.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest on such securities. As a result, at December 31, 2010, 48.7 million of cumulative trust preferred securities remained outstanding. These special purpose entities issued common securities and provided cash to our parent company that in turn, issued subordinated debentures to these special purpose entities equal to the trust preferred securities and common securities. The subordinated debentures represent the sole asset of the special purpose entities. The common securities and subordinated debentures are included in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2010 and 2009. 

The Federal Reserve Board has issued rules regarding trust preferred securities as a component of the Tier 1 capital of bank holding companies. The aggregate amount of trust preferred securities (and certain other capital elements) are limited to 25 percent of Tier 1 capital elements, net of goodwill (net of any associated deferred tax liability). The amount of trust preferred securities and certain other elements in excess of the limit can be included in Tier 2 capital, subject to restrictions. Currently, at the parent company, 44.1 million of these securities qualify as Tier 1 capital. Although the Dodd-Frank Act further limited Tier 1 treatment for trust preferred securities, those new limits will not apply to our outstanding trust preferred securities. 

In December 2008, we issued 72,000 shares of Series A, Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, with an original liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series A Preferred Stock ), and a warrant to purchase 346,154 shares (at 31.20 per share) of our common stock Original Warrant to the UST in return for 72.0 million under the TARP CPP. Of the total proceeds, 68.4 million was originally allocated to the Series A Preferred Stock and 3.6 million was allocated to the Original Warrant (included in capital surplus) based on the relative fair value of each. The 3.6 million discount on the Series A Preferred Stock was being accreted using an effective yield method over five years. The accretion had been recorded as part of the Series A Preferred Stock dividend. 

On April 16, 2010, we exchanged the Series A Preferred Stock (including accumulated but unpaid dividends) for 74,426 shares of our Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock, with an original liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series B Preferred Stock ). As part of the terms of the exchange agreement, we also agreed to amend and restate the terms of the Original Warrant and issued an Amended and Restated Warrant to purchase 346,154 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 7.234 per share and expiring on December 12, 2018. The Series B Preferred Stock and the Amended Warrant were issued in a private placement exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. We did not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock or the Amended Warrant. In general, the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock are substantially similar to the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock that was held by the UST, except that the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into our common stock. 

33 

The Series B Preferred Stock qualifies as Tier 1 regulatory capital and pays cumulative dividends quarterly at a rate of 5 per annum through February 14, 2014, and at a rate of 9 per annum thereafter. The Series B Preferred Stock is non-voting, other than class voting rights on certain matters that could adversely affect the Series B Preferred Stock. If dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of six quarterly dividend periods or more, whether consecutive or not, our authorized number of directors will be automatically increased by two and the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together with holders of any then outstanding voting parity stock, will have the right to elect those directors at our next annual meeting of shareholders or at a special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose. These directors would be elected annually and serve until all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have been paid. Assuming we continue to defer dividends on these shares of Series B Preferred Stock, the UST would have the right to appoint two directors to our board in the third quarter of 2011. 

Under the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, the UST (and any subsequent holder of the Series B Preferred Stock) has the right to convert the Series B Preferred Stock into our common stock at any time. In addition, we will have the right to compel a conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock into common stock, subject to the following conditions: 

(i) we shall have received all appropriate approvals from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 

(ii) we shall have issued our common stock in exchange for at least 40.0 million aggregate original liquidation amount of the trust preferred securities issued by our trust subsidiaries, IBC Capital Finance II, IBC Capital Finance III, IBC Capital Finance IV, and Midwest Guaranty Trust I (this was accomplished on June 23, 2010); 

(iii) we shall have closed one or more transactions (on terms reasonably acceptable to the UST, other than the price per share of common stock) in which investors, other than the UST, have collectively provided a minimum aggregate amount of 100 million in cash proceeds to us in exchange for our common stock; and 

(iv) we shall have made the anti-dilution adjustments to the Series B Preferred Stock, if any, required by the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

If converted by the holder or by us pursuant to either of the above-described conversion rights, each share of Series B Preferred Stock (liquidation amount of 1,000 per share) will convert into a number of shares of our common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is 750 and the denominator of which is 7.234, which was the market price of our common stock at the time the exchange agreement was signed (as such market price was determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock), referred to as the "Conversion Rate," provided that such Conversion Rate is subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. 

Unless earlier converted by the holder or by us as described above, the Series B Preferred Stock will convert into shares of our common stock on a mandatory basis on the seventh anniversary (April 16, 2017) of the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock. In any such mandatory conversion, each share of Series B Preferred Stock (liquidation amount of 1,000 per share) will convert into a number of shares of our common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is 1,000 and the denominator of which is the market price of our common stock at the time of such mandatory conversion (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock). 

34 

At the time any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are converted into our common stock, we will be required to pay all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock being converted in cash or, at our option, in shares of our common stock, in which case the number of shares to be issued will be equal to the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends to be paid in common stock divided by the market value of our common stock at the time of conversion (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock). Accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock totalled 2.7 million at December 31, 2010 (or approximately 36 per share). 

The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued upon conversion of all shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and any accrued dividends on Series B Preferred Stock is 14.4 million, unless we receive shareholder approval to issue a greater number of shares. 

The Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us, subject to the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, at any time, in an amount up to the cash proceeds (minimum of approximately 18.6 million) from qualifying equity offerings of common stock (plus any net increase to our retained earnings after the original issue date). If the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemed prior to the first dividend payment date falling on or after the second anniversary of the original issue date, the redemption price will be equal to the 1,000 liquidation amount per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. If the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemed on or after such date, the redemption price will be the greater of (a) the 1,000 liquidation amount per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends and (b) the product of the applicable Conversion Rate (as described above) and the average of the market prices per share of our common stock (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock) over a 20 trading day period beginning on the trading day immediately after we give notice of redemption to the holder (plus any accrued and unpaid dividends). In any redemption, we must redeem at least 25 of the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock originally issued to the Treasury, unless fewer of such shares are then outstanding (in which case all of the Series B Preferred Stock must be redeemed). 

In connection with the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, on April 16, 2010, we amended our Articles of Incorporation to designate the Series B Preferred Stock, and to specify the preferences and rights of that series, including the relevant provisions described above. 

The Amended Warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, by the UST (and any subsequent holder of the Amended Warrant), at any time or from time to time after April 16, 2010, but in no event later than December 12, 2018. The exercise price 7.234) and the number of shares (346,154) provided for in the Amended Warrant are both subject to anti-dilution adjustments. Because of these anti-dilution features in the Amended Warrant, we concluded that the Amended Warrant was not indexed to our common stock and therefore the Amended Warrant should be accounted for as a derivative and recorded at fair value in accrued expenses and other liabilities. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the Amended Warrant are recorded in other non-interest income. 

In the fourth quarter of 2009, we took certain actions to improve our regulatory capital ratios and preserve capital and liquidity. Beginning in November of 2009, we eliminated the 0.10 per share quarterly cash dividend on our common stock. In addition, we suspended payment of quarterly dividends on the preferred stock held by the UST. The cash dividends payable to the UST on the Series B Preferred Stock amount to approximately 3.7 million per year until December of 2013, at which time they would increase to approximately 6.7 million per year. Also beginning in December of 2009, we exercised our right to defer all quarterly interest payments on the subordinated debentures we issued to our trust subsidiaries. As a result, all quarterly dividends on the related trust preferred securities were also deferred. Based on current dividend rates, the cash dividends on all outstanding trust preferred securities as of December 31, 2010, amount to approximately 2.1 million per year. Accrued and unpaid dividends on trust preferred securities at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were 2.3 million and 1.2 million, respectively. These actions have preserved cash at our parent company as we do not expect our bank subsidiary to be able to pay any cash dividends in the near term. Dividends from the bank are restricted by federal and state law and are further restricted by the board resolutions adopted in December 2009, and described herein. 

35 

We do not have any current plans to resume dividend payments on our outstanding trust preferred securities or the outstanding shares of any preferred stock. We do not know if or when any such payments will resume. 

The terms of the subordinated debentures and trust indentures (the Indentures related to our trust preferred securities allow us to defer payment of interest at any time or from time to time for up to 20 consecutive quarters provided no event of default (as defined in the Indentures) has occurred and is continuing. We are not in default with respect to the Indentures, and the deferral of interest does not constitute an event of default under the Indentures. While we defer the payment of interest, we will continue to accrue the interest expense owed at the applicable interest rate. Upon the expiration of the deferral, all accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable. 

So long as any shares of the Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all prior dividend periods have been paid or are contemporaneously declared and paid in full, (a) no dividend whatsoever may be paid or declared on our common stock or other junior stock, other than a dividend payable solely in common stock and other than certain dividends or distributions of rights in connection with a shareholders rights plan; and (b) neither we nor any of our subsidiaries may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of our common stock or other junior stock unless we have paid in full all accrued dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock for all prior dividend periods, other than purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of our common stock or other junior stock in connection with the administration of employee benefit plans in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; pursuant to a publicly announced repurchase plan up to the increase in diluted shares outstanding resulting from the grant, vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation; any dividends or distributions of rights or junior stock in connection with any shareholders rights plan, redemptions or repurchases of rights pursuant to any shareholders rights plan; acquisition of record ownership of common stock or other junior stock or parity stock for the beneficial ownership of any other person who is not us or one of our subsidiaries, including as trustee or custodian; and the exchange or conversion of common stock or other junior stock for or into other junior stock or of parity stock for or into other parity stock or junior stock but only to the extent that such acquisition is required pursuant to binding contractual agreements entered into before April 2, 2010 or any subsequent agreement for the accelerated exercise, settlement or exchange thereof for common stock. 

During the deferral period on the Indentures and Series B Preferred Stock, we may not declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any of our capital stock. 

Shareholders equity applicable to common stock increased to 43.4 million at December 31, 2010 from 40.7 million at December 31, 2009. Our tangible common equity TCE totaled 34.4 million and 30.4 million, respectively, at those same dates. Our ratio of TCE to tangible assets was 1.36 at December 31, 2010 compared to 1.03 at December 31, 2009. We have taken various steps in order to maintain and improve our TCE and regulatory capital ratios as described below. Although our subsidiary bank s regulatory capital ratios remain at levels above well capitalized standards, because of the losses that we have incurred, our elevated levels of non-performing loans and other real estate, and the ongoing economic stress in Michigan, we have taken the following actions to maintain and improve our regulatory capital ratios and preserve liquidity at our parent company level: 

Eliminated our cash dividend on our common stock; 

Deferred the dividends on our preferred stock; 

Deferred the dividends on our subordinated debentures; 

Exchanged the Series A Preferred Stock for Series B Preferred Stock in April 2010; and 

Completed the exchange of 5.1 million shares of our common stock for 41.4 million in liquidation amount of trust preferred securities and 2.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest on such securities in June 2010. 

36 

The actions taken with respect to the payment of dividends on our capital instruments as described above will preserve cash at our parent company as we do not expect our bank subsidiary to be able to pay any cash dividends in the near term. Although there are no specific regulations restricting dividend payments by bank holding companies (other than state corporate laws) the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), our primary federal regulator, has issued a policy statement on cash dividend payments. The FRB s view is that: an organization experiencing earnings weaknesses or other financial pressures should not maintain a level of cash dividends that exceeds its net income, that is inconsistent with the organization s capital position, or that can only be funded in ways that may weaken the organization s financial health. 

In December 2009, the Board of Directors of our parent company adopted resolutions (as subsequently amended) that impose the following restrictions: 

We will not pay dividends on our outstanding common stock or the outstanding preferred stock held by the UST and we will not pay distributions on our outstanding trust preferred securities without, in each case, the prior written approval of the FRB and the Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Regulation OFIR 

We will not incur or guarantee any additional indebtedness without the prior approval of the FRB; 

We will not repurchase or redeem any of our common stock without the prior approval of the FRB; and 

We will not rescind or materially modify any of these limitations without notice to the FRB and the OFIR. 

In December 2009, the Board of Directors of our subsidiary bank adopted resolutions (as subsequently amended) designed to enhance certain aspects of the bank s performance and, most importantly, to improve the bank s capital position. These resolutions require the following: 

The adoption by the bank of a capital restoration plan as described below; 

The enhancement of the bank s documentation of the rationale for discounts applied to collateral valuations on impaired loans and improved support for the identification, tracking, and reporting of loans classified as troubled debt restructurings; 

The adoption of certain changes and enhancements to our liquidity monitoring and contingency planning and our interest rate risk management practices; 

Additional reporting to the bank s Board of Directors regarding initiatives and plans pursued by management to improve the bank s risk management practices; 

Prior approval of the FRB and the OFIR for any dividends or distributions to be paid by the bank to Independent Bank Corporation; and 

Notice to the FRB and the OFIR of any rescission of or material modification to any of these resolutions. 

The substance of all of the resolutions described above was developed in conjunction with discussions held with the FRB and the OFIR. Based on those discussions, we acted proactively to adopt the resolutions described above to address those areas of the bank s condition and operations that we believe most require our focus at this time. It is very possible that if we had not adopted these resolutions, the FRB and the OFIR may have imposed similar requirements on us through a memorandum of understanding or similar undertaking. We are not currently subject to any such regulatory agreement or enforcement action. However, we believe that if we are unable to substantially comply with the resolutions set forth above in the near future and if our financial condition and performance do not improve, we may face additional regulatory scrutiny and restrictions in the form of a written agreement or similar undertaking imposed by the regulators. 

37 

Subsequent to the adoption of the resolutions described above, the bank adopted the capital restoration plan required by the resolutions (the Capital Plan and submitted such Capital Plan to the FRB and the OFIR. This Capital Plan is described in more detail below. Other than fully implementing such Capital Plan and achieving the minimum capital ratios set forth in the resolutions, we believe we have already taken appropriate actions to fully comply with these board resolutions. 

The primary objective of our Capital Plan is to achieve and thereafter maintain the minimum capital ratios required by the board resolutions adopted in December 2009 (as subsequently amended). As of December 31, 2010, our bank continued to meet the requirements to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards. However, the minimum capital ratios established by our Board are higher than the ratios required in order to be considered well-capitalized under federal standards. The Board imposed these higher ratios in order to ensure that we have sufficient capital to withstand potential continuing losses based on our elevated level of non-performing assets and given certain other risks and uncertainties we face. Set forth below are the actual capital ratios of our subsidiary bank as of December 31, 2010, the minimum capital ratios imposed by the board resolutions, and the minimum ratios necessary to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards. As of December 31, 2010, our bank s Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets ratio exceeded the target of 11 . 

Independent Bank 

Actual as of 

December 31, 2010 

Minimum Ratios Established by Our Board 

Required to be Well-Capitalized 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

11.06 

11.00 

10.00 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Total Assets 

6.58 

8.00 

5.00 

The Capital Plan (as modified during 2010) sets forth an objective of achieving these minimum capital ratios as soon as practicable and maintaining such capital ratios through at least the end of 2012. 

The Capital Plan includes projections prepared by the bank's management that reflect forecasted financial data through 2013. At the present time, based on these forecasts and our expectations, we believe that our bank can remain above well-capitalized for regulatory purposes, even without additional capital, primarily because of a further decline in total assets (principally loans) and in 2012 attain the bank regulatory capital ratios required by the Capital Plan. We do anticipate incurring a net loss in 2011, reflecting continued elevated credit costs (in particular the provision for loan losses, losses on ORE and loan and collection costs) and a decline in net interest income (due to a decrease in total interest-earning assets). We expect such credit costs to abate sufficiently so that we can return to profitability in 2012. These forecasts are susceptible to significant variations, particularly if the Michigan economy were to deteriorate and credit costs were to be higher than anticipated or if we incur any significant future losses at Mepco related to the collection of vehicle service contract counterparty receivables (see "Non-interest expense"). Because of such uncertainties, it is possible that our bank may not be able to remain well-capitalized as we work through asset quality issues and seek to return to consistent profitability. Any significant deterioration in or inability to improve our capital position would make it very difficult for us to withstand continued losses that we may incur and that may be increased or made more likely as a result of continued economic difficulties and other factors. 

In anticipation of the capital raising initiatives described in the Capital Plan, we engaged an independent third party to perform a due diligence review (a "stress test") on our commercial loan portfolio and a separate independent third party to perform a similar review of our retail loan portfolio. These independent stress tests were concluded in January 2010. Each analysis included different scenarios based on expectations of future economic conditions. We engaged these independent reviews in order to ensure that the similar analyses we had performed internally in 2009, on which we based our original Capital Plan projections for future expected loan losses and our need for additional capital, were reasonable and did not materially understate our projected loan losses. Our actual level of loan losses in 2010 was significantly lower than the stress test projections for the commercial loan portfolio and was in line with the stress test projections for the retail loan portfolio. Our updated Capital Plan projections for 2011, 2012 and 2013 take into account a variety of factors related to our Portfolio Loans, but in general, anticipate declining levels of loan loss provisions, loan and collection costs and losses on ORE. These projections also anticipate a significant decline in vehicle service contract counterparty contingency expenses at Mepco. 

38 

Our Capital Plan also outlines various contingency plans in case we do not succeed in meeting the required minimum capital ratios. These contingency plans include a possible further reduction in our assets (such as through a sale of branches, loans, and/or other operating divisions or subsidiaries), more significant expense reductions than those that have already been implemented, and a sale of the bank. These contingency plans were considered and included within the Capital Plan in recognition of the possibility that market conditions for these transactions may improve and that such transactions may be necessary or required by our regulators if we are unable to attain the required minimum capital ratios described above. 

In light of our continued improvements in asset quality and other positive indicators, including the above described financial projections, we are reevaluating our alternatives in connection with the above-referenced Capital Plan, including the size and timing of any common stock offering. This evaluation will take into account our ongoing operating results, as well as input from our financial advisors and the UST. 

In addition to the measures outlined in the Capital Plan, on July 7, 2010 we executed an Investment Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with Dutchess Opportunity Fund, II, LP Dutchess for the sale of shares of our common stock. These agreements serve to establish an equity line facility as a contingent source of liquidity at the parent company level. Pursuant to the Investment Agreement, Dutchess committed to purchase up to 15.0 million of our common stock over a 36-month period ending November 1, 2013. We have the right, but no obligation, to draw on this equity line facility from time to time during such 36-month period by selling shares of our common stock to Dutchess. The sales price would be at a 5 discount to the market price of our common stock at the time of the draw (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement). During the fourth quarter of 2010, we sold 345,177 shares of our common stock to Dutchess for net proceeds of 0.5 million. In order to comply with Nasdaq rules, we would need shareholder approval to sell more than approximately 1.2 million more shares to Dutchess pursuant to the Investment Agreement. We intend to seek such shareholder approval at our 2011 annual shareholder meeting so that we have additional flexibility to take advantage of this contingent source of liquidity. 

Our bank holding company and our bank subsidiary both remain well capitalized (as defined by banking regulations) at December 31, 2010. 

Bank Capital Ratios 

December 31, 

Minimum Ratio for Adequately Capitalized Institutions 

Minimum Ratio for Well Capitalized Institutions 

2010 

2009 

Tier 1 capital to average assets 

6.58 

6.72 

4.00 

5.00 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 

9.77 

9.08 

4.00 

6.00 

Total risk-based capital 

11.06 

10.36 

8.00 

10.00 

Total shareholders equity at December 31, 2010 increased by 9.2 million from December 31, 2009, due primarily to our exchange of common stock for trust preferred securities as described above, which was partially offset by our net loss of 16.7 million in 2010. Shareholders equity totaled 119.1 million, equal to 4.70 of total assets at December 31, 2010. At December 31, 2009, shareholders equity was 109.9 million, which was equal to 3.70 of total assets. 

Asset/liability management. Interest-rate risk is created by differences in the cash flow characteristics of our assets and liabilities. Options embedded in certain financial instruments, including caps on adjustable-rate loans as well as borrowers rights to prepay fixed-rate loans, also create interest-rate risk. 

39 

Our asset/liability management efforts identify and evaluate opportunities to structure the balance sheet in a manner that is consistent with our mission to maintain profitable financial leverage within established risk parameters. We evaluate various opportunities and alternate balance-sheet strategies carefully and consider the likely impact on our risk profile as well as the anticipated contribution to earnings. The marginal cost of funds is a principal consideration in the implementation of our balance-sheet management strategies, but such evaluations further consider interest-rate and liquidity risk as well as other pertinent factors. We have established parameters for interest-rate risk. We regularly monitor our interest-rate risk and report at least quarterly to our board of directors. 

We employ simulation analyses to monitor our interest-rate risk profile and evaluate potential changes in our net interest income and market value of portfolio equity that result from changes in interest rates. The purpose of these simulations is to identify sources of interest-rate risk inherent in our balance sheet. The simulations do not anticipate any actions that we might initiate in response to changes in interest rates and, accordingly, the simulations do not provide a reliable forecast of anticipated results. The simulations are predicated on immediate, permanent and parallel shifts in interest rates and generally assume that current loan and deposit pricing relationships remain constant. The simulations further incorporate assumptions relating to changes in customer behavior, including changes in prepayment rates on certain assets and liabilities. 

CHANGES IN MARKET VALUE OF PORTFOLIO EQUITY AND NET INTEREST INCOME 

Change in Interest Rates 

Market Value of Portfolio Equity(1) 

Percent Change 

Net Interest Income(2) 

Percent Change 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2010 

200 basis point rise 

170,700 

13.57 

104,400 

1.85 

100 basis point rise 

159,000 

5.79 

102,100 

(0.39 

Base-rate scenario 

150,300 

- 

102,500 

- 

100 basis point decline 

156,200 

3.93 

101,900 

(0.59 

200 basis point decline 

145,100 

(3.46 

99,300 

(3.12 

December 31, 2009 

200 basis point rise 

160,500 

16.14 

134,000 

2.52 

100 basis point rise 

150,400 

8.83 

131,300 

0.46 

Base-rate scenario 

138,200 

- 

130,700 

- 

100 basis point decline 

128,100 

(7.31 

129,900 

(0.61 

200 basis point decline 

126,300 

(8.61 

128,900 

(1.38 

__________ 

(1) 

Simulation analyses calculate the change in the net present value of our assets and liabilities, including debt and related financial derivative instruments, under parallel shifts in interest rates by discounting the estimated future cash flows using a market-based discount rate. Cash flow estimates incorporate anticipated changes in prepayment speeds and other embedded options. 

(2) 

Simulation analyses calculate the change in net interest income under immediate parallel shifts in interest rates over the next twelve months, based upon a static balance sheet, which includes debt and related financial derivative instruments, and do not consider loan fees. 

Accounting Standards Update. See note 1 in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for details on recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact on our financial statements. 

Management plans and expectations. Elevated credit costs, including our provision for loan losses, loan and collection costs, and losses on ORE, and in 2009 and 2010, losses related to vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies, have resulted in substantial losses over the past three years and reduced our capital. Management continues to focus on reducing non-performing assets and returning the organization to consistent profitability as soon as possible. Management believes meaningful progress was made on these objectives in 2010. Further, as discussed above, we have adopted a Capital Plan, which includes a series of actions designed to increase our common equity capital, decrease our expenses and enable us to withstand and better respond to current market conditions and the potential for worsening market conditions. At the present time, based on our current forecasts and expectations, we believe that our bank can remain above well-capitalized for regulatory purposes for the foreseeable future, even without additional capital, primarily because of a projected further decline in total assets (principally loans). As a result of these expectations with respect to the bank s regulatory capital ratios, and in light of our continued improvements in asset quality and other positive indicators, we are reevaluating our alternatives in connection with the timing and size of any common stock offering. This evaluation will take into account our ongoing operating results, as well as input from our financial advisors and the UST. 

40 

FAIR VALUATION OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC topic 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures FASB ASC topic 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

We utilize fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain financial instruments and to determine fair value disclosures. FASB ASC topic 820 differentiates between those assets and liabilities required to be carried at fair value at every reporting period recurring and those assets and liabilities that are only required to be adjusted to fair value under certain circumstances nonrecurring ). Trading securities, securities available-for-sale, loans held for sale, and derivatives are financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, we may be required to record at fair value other financial assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as loans held for investment, capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. See Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion on our use of fair valuation of financial instruments and the related measurement techniques. 

LITIGATION MATTERS 

We are involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business and at the present time, we do not believe that any of these matters will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operation. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and conform to general practices within the banking industry. Accounting and reporting policies for other than temporary impairment of investment securities, the allowance for loan losses, originated mortgage loan servicing rights, vehicle service contract payment plan counterparty contingencies, and income taxes are deemed critical since they involve the use of estimates and require significant management judgments. Application of assumptions different than those that we have used could result in material changes in our financial position or results of operations. 

We are required to assess our investment securities for other than temporary impairment on a periodic basis. The determination of other than temporary impairment for an investment security requires judgment as to the cause of the impairment, the likelihood of recovery and the projected timing of the recovery. The topic of other than temporary impairment was at the forefront of discussions within the accounting profession during 2008 and 2009 because of the dislocation of the credit markets that occurred. On January 12, 2009 the FASB issued ASC 325-40-65-1 (formerly Staff Position No. EITF 99-20-1 Amendments to the Impairment Guidance of EITF Issue No. 99-20. This standard has been applicable to our financial statements since December 31, 2008. In particular, this standard strikes the language that required the use of market participant assumptions about future cash flows from previous guidance. This change now permits the use of reasonable management judgment about whether it is probable that all previously projected cash flows will not be collected in determining other than temporary impairment. Our assessment process resulted in recording net impairment charges for other than temporary impairment of 0.5 million, 0.1 million, and 0.2 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. We believe that our assumptions and judgments in assessing other than temporary impairment for our investment securities are reasonable and conform to general industry practices. Prices for investment securities are largely provided by a pricing service. These prices consider benchmark yields, reported trades, broker / dealer quotes and issuer spreads. Furthermore, prices for mortgage-backed securities consider: TBA prices, monthly payment information and collateral performance. At December 31, 2010 the cost basis of our investment securities classified as available for sale exceeded their estimated fair value at that same date by 4.4 million (compared to 6.9 million at December 31, 2009). This amount is included in the accumulated other comprehensive loss section of shareholders equity. 

41 

Our methodology for determining the allowance and related provision for loan losses is described above in Portfolio Loans and asset quality. In particular, this area of accounting requires a significant amount of judgment because a multitude of factors can influence the ultimate collection of a loan or other type of credit. It is extremely difficult to precisely measure the amount of probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. We use a rigorous process to attempt to accurately quantify the necessary allowance and related provision for loan losses, but there can be no assurance that our modeling process will successfully identify all of the probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. As a result, we could record future provisions for loan losses that may be significantly different than the levels that we recorded over the past three years. 

At December 31, 2010 we had approximately 14.7 million of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights capitalized on our consolidated statement of financial condition. There are several critical assumptions involved in establishing the value of this asset including estimated future prepayment speeds on the underlying mortgage loans, the interest rate used to discount the net cash flows from the mortgage loan servicing, the estimated amount of ancillary income that will be received in the future (such as late fees) and the estimated cost to service the mortgage loans. We believe the assumptions that we utilize in our valuation are reasonable based upon accepted industry practices for valuing mortgage loan servicing rights and represent neither the most conservative or aggressive assumptions. We recorded increases in the valuation allowance on capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights of 0.9 million and 4.3 million in 2010 and 2008, respectively, compared to a decrease in such valuation allowance of 2.3 million in 2009. Nearly all of our mortgage loans serviced for others are for either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Because of our current financial condition, if our bank were to fall below well capitalized (as defined by banking regulations) it is possible that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require us to very quickly sell or transfer such servicing rights to a third party or unilaterally strip us of such servicing rights if we cannot complete an approved transfer. Depending on the terms of any such transaction, this forced sale or transfer of such mortgage loan servicing rights could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

Mepco purchases payment plans from companies (which we refer to as Mepco s counterparties that provide vehicle service contracts and similar products to consumers. The payment plans (which are classified as payment plan receivables in our consolidated statements of financial condition) permit a consumer to purchase a service contract by making installment payments, generally for a term of 12 to 24 months, to the sellers of those contracts (one of the counterparties ). Mepco does not have recourse against the consumer for nonpayment of a payment plan and therefore does not evaluate the creditworthiness of the individual customer. When consumers stop making payments or exercise their right to voluntarily cancel the contract, the remaining unpaid balance of the payment plan is normally recouped by Mepco from the counterparties that sold the contract and provided the coverage. The refund obligations of these counterparties are not fully secured. We record losses in vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies expense, included in non-interest expenses, for estimated defaults by these counterparties in their obligations to Mepco. These losses (which totaled 18.6 million, 31.2 million, and 1.0 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively) are titled vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies in our consolidated statements of operations. This area of accounting requires a significant amount of judgment because a number of factors can influence the amount of loss that we may ultimately incur. These factors include our estimate of future cancellations of vehicle service contracts, our evaluation of collateral that may be available to recover funds due from our counterparties, and our assessment of the amount that may ultimately be collected from counterparties in connection with their contractual obligations. We apply a rigorous process, based upon observable contract activity and past experience, to estimate probable incurred losses and quantify the necessary reserves for our vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies, but there can be no assurance that our modeling process will successfully identify all such losses. As a result, we could record future losses associated with vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies that may be materially different than the levels that we recorded over the past three years. 

42 

Our accounting for income taxes involves the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily associated with differences in the timing of the recognition of revenues and expenses for financial reporting and tax purposes. At December 31, 2010 we had gross deferred tax assets of 72.8 million, gross deferred tax liabilities of 6.2 million and a valuation allowance of 65.8 million resulting in a net deferred tax asset of 0.8 million. The valuation allowance represents our entire net deferred tax asset except for certain deferred tax assets at Mepco that relate to state income taxes and that can be recovered based on Mepco s individual earnings. We are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against their deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. In accordance with this standard, we reviewed our deferred tax assets and determined that based upon a number of factors including our generally declining operating performance since 2005, our net losses, overall negative trends in the banking industry and our expectation that our operating results will continue to be negatively affected by the overall economic environment, we should establish a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets. In the last quarter of 2008, we recorded a 36.2 million initial valuation allowance, which consisted of 27.6 million recognized as income tax expense and 8.6 million recognized through the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of shareholders equity. In 2010 and 2009, we recorded additional valuation allowances of 5.7 million and 24.0 million, respectively. We had recorded no valuation allowance on our net deferred tax asset prior to 2008 because we believed that the tax benefits associated with this asset would more likely than not, be realized. Changes in tax laws, changes in tax rates and our future level of earnings can impact the ultimate realization of our net deferred tax asset as well as the valuation allowance that we have established. 

At December 31, 2010 and 2009 we had no remaining goodwill. Prior to January 1, 2010, we tested our goodwill for impairment and our accounting for goodwill was a critical accounting policy. 

43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Independent Bank Corporation 

Ionia, Michigan 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Independent Bank Corporation as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related statements of operations, shareholders' equity, comprehensive loss and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ Crowe Horwath LLP

Grand Rapids, Michigan 

March 10, 2011 

44 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands, except share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

48,933 

65,214 

Interest bearing deposits 

336,441 

223,522 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

385,374 

288,736 

Trading securities 

32 

54 

Securities available for sale 

67,864 

164,151 

Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock, at cost 

23,630 

27,854 

Loans held for sale, carried at fair value 

50,098 

34,234 

Loans 

Commercial 

707,530 

840,367 

Mortgage 

658,679 

749,298 

Installment 

245,644 

303,366 

Payment plan receivables 

201,263 

406,341 

Total Loans 

1,813,116 

2,299,372 

Allowance for loan losses 

(67,915 

(81,717 

Net Loans 

1,745,201 

2,217,655 

Other real estate and repossessed assets 

39,413 

31,534 

Property and equipment, net 

68,359 

72,616 

Bank owned life insurance 

47,922 

46,514 

Other intangibles 

8,980 

10,260 

Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights 

14,661 

15,273 

Prepaid FDIC deposit insurance assessment 

15,899 

22,047 

Vehicle service contract counterparty receivables, net 

37,270 

5,419 

Accrued income and other assets 

30,545 

29,017 

Total Assets 

2,535,248 

2,965,364 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Deposits 

Non-interest bearing 

451,856 

334,608 

Savings and NOW 

995,662 

1,059,840 

Retail time 

530,774 

542,170 

Brokered time 

273,546 

629,150 

Total Deposits 

2,251,838 

2,565,768 

Other borrowings 

71,032 

131,182 

Subordinated debentures 

50,175 

92,888 

Vehicle service contract counterparty payables 

11,739 

21,309 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

31,379 

44,356 

Total Liabilities 

2,416,163 

2,855,503 

Commitments and contingent liabilities 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred stock, no par value, 200,000 shares authorized; issued and outstanding: 

At December 31, 2010: Series B, 74,426 shares, 1,036 liquidation preference per share 

75,700 

- 

At December 31, 2009: Series A, 72,000 shares, 1,000 liquidation preference per share 

- 

69,157 

Common stock, no par value at December 31, 2010, and 1.00 par value at December 31, 2009--authorized: 500,000,000 shares at December 31, 2010, and 60,000,000 shares at December 31, 2009; issued and outstanding: 7,860,483 shares at December 31, 2010, and 2,402,851 shares at December 31, 2009 

246,407 

2,386 

Capital surplus 

- 

223,095 

Accumulated deficit 

(189,902 

(169,098 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(13,120 

(15,679 

Total Shareholders Equity 

119,085 

109,861 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

2,535,248 

2,965,364 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

45 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

INTEREST INCOME 

Interest and fees on loans 

142,282 

177,948 

186,747 

Interest on securities 

Taxable 

3,052 

6,333 

8,467 

Tax-exempt 

1,932 

3,669 

7,238 

Other investments 

1,585 

1,106 

1,284 

Total Interest Income 

148,851 

189,056 

203,736 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Deposits 

28,164 

35,405 

46,697 

Other borrowings 

9,034 

15,128 

26,890 

Total Interest Expense 

37,198 

50,533 

73,587 

Net Interest Income 

111,653 

138,523 

130,149 

Provision for loan losses 

46,765 

103,318 

71,113 

Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan Losses 

64,888 

35,205 

59,036 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

21,511 

24,370 

24,223 

Net gains (losses) on assets 

Mortgage loans 

12,330 

10,860 

5,181 

Securities 

1,639 

3,826 

(14,795 

Other than temporary loss on securities available for sale 

Total impairment loss 

(462 

(4,073 

(166 

Loss recognized in other comprehensive loss 

- 

3,991 

- 

Net impairment loss recognized in earnings 

(462 

(82 

(166 

Interchange income 

8,257 

7,064 

6,556 

Mortgage loan servicing 

(523 

2,252 

(2,071 

Title insurance fees 

2,037 

2,272 

1,388 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

18,066 

- 

- 

Other 

8,958 

9,239 

10,233 

Total Non-interest Income 

71,813 

59,801 

30,549 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Compensation and employee benefits 

51,711 

53,003 

55,179 

Vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies 

18,633 

31,234 

966 

Loan and collection 

15,323 

14,727 

9,431 

Occupancy, net 

11,016 

11,092 

11,852 

Net loss on other real estate and repossessed assets 

9,722 

8,554 

4,349 

Data processing 

9,554 

9,528 

7,976 

FDIC deposit insurance 

6,805 

7,328 

1,988 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

6,540 

7,159 

7,074 

Credit card and bank service fees 

5,790 

6,608 

4,818 

Advertising 

2,712 

5,696 

5,534 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

16,734 

50,020 

Costs (recoveries) related to unfunded lending commitments 

(536 

(286 

208 

Other 

17,730 

17,066 

18,791 

Total Non-interest Expense 

155,000 

188,443 

178,186 

Loss Before Income Tax 

(18,299 

(93,437 

(88,601 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,590 

(3,210 

3,063 

Net Loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

4,095 

4,301 

215 

Net Loss Applicable to Common Stock 

(20,804 

(94,528 

(91,879 

Net loss per common share 

Basic 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

Diluted 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

- 

0.30 

1.40 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

46 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Capital Surplus 

Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Shareholders Equity 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Balances at December 31, 2007 

- 

2,260 

215,643 

22,770 

(171 

240,502 

Net loss for 2008 

- 

- 

- 

(91,664 

- 

(91,664 

Cash dividends 

Common, declared - 1.40 per share 

- 

- 

- 

(3,222 

- 

(3,222 

Preferred, 5 

- 

- 

- 

(180 

- 

(180 

Issuance of Series A preferred stock 

68,421 

- 

- 

- 

- 

68,421 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

- 

- 

3,579 

- 

- 

3,579 

Issuance of 17,198 shares of common stock 

- 

17 

1,391 

- 

- 

1,408 

Share based compensation 

- 

4 

584 

- 

- 

588 

Repurchase and retirement of 1,729 shares of common stock 

- 

(2 

2 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion of preferred stock discount 

35 

- 

- 

(35 

- 

- 

Reclassification adjustment upon adoption of the fair value option 

- 

- 

- 

(1,518 

1,518 

- 

Net change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of no related tax effect 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(24,555 

(24,555 

Balances at December 31, 2008 

68,456 

2,279 

221,199 

(73,849 

(23,208 

194,877 

Net loss for 2009 

- 

- 

- 

(90,227 

- 

(90,227 

Cash dividends 

Common, declared - .30 per share 

- 

- 

- 

(721 

- 

(721 

Preferred, 5 

- 

- 

- 

(3,600 

- 

(3,600 

Issuance of 103,211 shares of common stock 

- 

103 

1,091 

- 

- 

1,194 

Share based compensation 

- 

6 

803 

- 

- 

809 

Repurchase and retirement of 1,759 shares of common stock 

- 

(2 

2 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion of preferred stock discount 

701 

- 

- 

(701 

- 

- 

Net change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of 4.1 million related tax effect 

- 

- 

- 

- 

7,529 

7,529 

Balances at December 31, 2009 

69,157 

2,386 

223,095 

(169,098 

(15,679 

109,861 

Net loss for 2010 

- 

- 

- 

(16,709 

- 

(16,709 

Reclassification upon removal of par value on common stock 

- 

223,095 

(223,095 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends on Preferred, 5 

2,658 

- 

- 

(3,734 

- 

(1,076 

Retirement of Series A preferred stock 

(69,364 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(69,364 

Retirement of common stock warrants 

- 

(3,579 

- 

- 

- 

(3,579 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock 

72,888 

- 

- 

- 

- 

72,888 

Issuance of 5,454,669 shares of common stock 

- 

23,963 

- 

- 

- 

23,963 

Share based compensation 

- 

542 

- 

- 

- 

542 

Accretion of preferred stock discount 

361 

- 

- 

(361 

- 

- 

Net change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of 1.4 million related tax effect 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,559 

2,559 

Balances at December 31, 2010 

75,700 

246,407 

- 

(189,902 

(13,120 

119,085 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

47 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Net loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale, including reclassification adjustments 

(163 

8,721 

(19,626 

Change in unrealized losses on securities available for sale for which a portion of other than temporary impairment has been recognized in earnings 

1,755 

(2,594 

- 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments 

205 

1,402 

(4,929 

Reclassification adjustment for accretion on settled derivative instruments 

762 

- 

- 

Comprehensive Loss 

(14,150 

(82,698 

(116,219 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

48 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Net Loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET LOSS TO NET CASH FROM (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sales of trading securities 

- 

2,827 

2,688 

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale 

493,272 

551,977 

271,715 

Disbursements for loans held for sale 

(496,806 

(545,548 

(260,177 

Provision for loan losses 

46,765 

103,318 

71,113 

Deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,533 

2,146 

10,936 

Deferred loan fees 

420 

(439 

(649 

Depreciation, amortization of intangible assets and premiums and accretion of discounts on securities and loans 

(27,720 

(43,337 

(22,778 

Net gains on sales of mortgage loans 

(12,330 

(10,860 

(5,181 

Net (gains) losses on securities 

(1,639 

(3,826 

14,795 

Securities impairment recognized in earnings 

462 

82 

166 

Net loss on other real estate and repossessed assets 

9,722 

8,554 

4,349 

Vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies 

18,633 

31,234 

966 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(18,066 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

16,734 

50,020 

Share based compensation 

542 

809 

588 

(Increase) decrease in accrued income and other assets 

397 

(21,083 

(523 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

1,928 

2,014 

(3,162 

Total Adjustments 

14,047 

94,602 

134,866 

Net Cash From (Used in) Operating Activities 

(2,662 

4,375 

43,202 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the sale of securities available for sale 

96,648 

43,525 

80,348 

Proceeds from the maturity of securities available for sale 

44,170 

8,345 

29,979 

Principal payments received on securities available for sale 

14,137 

27,326 

21,775 

Purchases of securities available for sale 

(55,150 

(15,806 

(22,826 

Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 

- 

- 

(6,224 

Redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 

2,247 

- 

- 

Redemption of Federal Reserve Bank Stock 

1,977 

209 

- 

Net decrease in portfolio loans (loans originated, net of principal payments) 

347,574 

76,866 

12,813 

Proceeds from the collection of vehicle service contract counterparty receivables 

15,863 

- 

- 

Proceeds from the sale of other real estate 

20,455 

15,162 

5,985 

Capital expenditures 

(4,429 

(7,995 

(8,128 

Net Cash From Investing Activities 

483,492 

147,632 

113,722 

CASH FLOW FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in total deposits 

(313,930 

499,289 

(438,826 

Net increase (decrease) in other borrowings and federal funds purchased 

(36,791 

(191,722 

135,039 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

33,000 

242,524 

824,101 

Payments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

(56,359 

(462,356 

(770,395 

Net increase (decrease) in vehicle service contract counterparty payables 

(9,570 

(5,327 

10,291 

Extinguishment of debt, net 

(1,005 

- 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

463 

- 

51 

Dividends paid 

- 

(3,384 

(7,769 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

- 

- 

68,421 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock warrants 

- 

- 

3,579 

Repayment of long-term debt 

- 

- 

(3,000 

Net Cash From (Used in) Financing Activities 

(384,192 

79,024 

(178,508 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

96,638 

231,031 

(21,584 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 

288,736 

57,705 

79,289 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

385,374 

288,736 

57,705 

Cash paid during the year for 

Interest 

38,095 

50,420 

79,714 

Income taxes 

513 

335 

877 

Transfer of loans to other real estate 

38,056 

35,252 

20,609 

Transfer of payment plan receivables to vehicle service contract counterparty receivables 

77,457 

20,831 

2,038 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for subordinated debentures 

23,502 

- 

- 

Subordinated debentures exchanged for common stock 

42,713 

- 

- 

Retirement of Series A Preferred Stock 

69,364 

- 

- 

Retirement of common stock warrants 

3,579 

Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock 

72,888 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

1,704 

Transfer of loans to held for sale 

- 

2,200 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

49 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The accounting and reporting policies and practices of Independent Bank Corporation and subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and prevailing practices within the banking industry. Our critical accounting policies include the assessment for other than temporary impairment OTTI on investment securities, the determination of the allowance for loan losses, the determination of vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies, the valuation of originated mortgage loan servicing rights and the valuation of deferred tax assets. We are required to make material estimates and assumptions that are particularly susceptible to changes in the near term as we prepare the consolidated financial statements and report amounts for each of these items. Actual results may vary from these estimates. 

Our bank subsidiary transacts business in the single industry of commercial banking. Our bank s activities cover traditional phases of commercial banking, including checking and savings accounts, commercial lending, direct and indirect consumer financing and mortgage lending. Our principal markets are the rural and suburban communities across lower Michigan that are served by our bank s branches and loan production offices. We also purchase payment plans from companies (which we refer to as counterparties that provide vehicle service contracts and similar products to consumers, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Mepco Finance Corporation Mepco ). Subject to established underwriting criteria, our bank subsidiary also used to participate in commercial lending transactions with certain non-affiliated banks and used to purchase real estate mortgage loans from third-party originators. At December 31, 2010, 73.1 of our bank s loan portfolio was secured by real estate. 

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Independent Bank Corporation and its subsidiaries. The income, expenses, assets and liabilities of the subsidiaries are included in the respective accounts of the consolidated financial statements, after elimination of all material intercompany accounts and transactions. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from banks, interest bearing deposits and federal funds sold. Generally, federal funds are sold for one-day periods. We report net cash flows for customer loan and deposit transactions, for short-term borrowings and for vehicle service contract counterparty payables. 

INTEREST BEARING DEPOSITS Interest bearing deposits consist of overnight deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ). 

LOANS HELD FOR SALE Loans held for sale are carried at fair value at December 31, 2010 and 2009. Fair value adjustments as well as realized gains and losses, are recorded in current earnings. We recognize as separate assets the rights to service mortgage loans for others. The fair value of originated mortgage loan servicing rights has been determined based upon fair value indications for similar servicing. The mortgage loan servicing rights are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net loan servicing income. We assess mortgage loan servicing rights for impairment based on the fair value of those rights. For purposes of measuring impairment, the characteristics used include interest rate, term and type. Amortization of and changes in the impairment reserve on servicing rights are included in mortgage loan servicing in the consolidated statements of operations. 

TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when control over the assets has been relinquished. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when the assets have been isolated from us, the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and we do not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. 

50 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

SECURITIES We classify our securities as trading, held to maturity or available for sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term and are reported at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. Securities held to maturity represent those securities for which we have the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity and are reported at cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts computed on the level-yield method. We did not have any securities held to maturity at December 31, 2010 and 2009. Securities available for sale represent those securities not classified as trading or held to maturity and are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes reported in comprehensive income or loss. 

We evaluate securities for OTTI at least on a quarterly basis and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. In performing this evaluation management considers (1) the length of time and extent that fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (3) the impact of changes in market interest rates on the market value of the security and (4) an assessment of whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. For securities that do not meet the aforementioned recovery criteria, the amount of impairment recognized in earnings is limited to the amount related to credit losses, while impairment related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income or loss. 

Gains and losses realized on the sale of securities available for sale are determined using the specific identification method and are recognized on a trade-date basis. Premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income computed on the level-yield method. 

LOAN REVENUE RECOGNITION Interest on loans is accrued based on the principal amounts outstanding. In general the accrual of interest income is discontinued when a loan becomes 90 days past due and the borrower s capacity to repay the loan and collateral values appear insufficient for each loan class. However, loans may be placed on non-accrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due if, in management s opinion, the borrower is unable to meet payment obligations as they become due or as required by regulatory provisions. All interest accrued but not received for all loans placed on non-accrual is reversed from interest income. Payments on such loans are generally applied to the principal balance until qualifying to be returned to accrual status. A non-accrual loan may be restored to accrual status when interest and principal payments are current and the loan appears otherwise collectible. Delinquency status for all classes in the commercial and installment loan segments is based on the actual number of days past due as required by the contractual terms of the loan agreement while delinquency status for mortgage loan segment classes is based on the number of payments past due. 

Certain loan fees and direct loan origination costs are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of yield generally over the contractual life of the related loan. Fees received in connection with loan commitments are deferred until the loan is advanced and are then recognized generally over the contractual life of the loan as an adjustment of yield. Fees on commitments that expire unused are recognized at expiration. Fees received for letters of credit are recognized as revenue over the life of the commitment. 

PAYMENT PLAN RECEIVABLE REVENUE RECOGNITION Payment plan receivables are acquired by our Mepco segment at a discount and reported net of this discount in the consolidated statements of financial condition. This discount is accreted into interest and fees on loans over the life of the receivable computed on a level-yield method. All classes of payment plan receivables that have canceled and are 90 days or more past due as required by the contractual terms of the payment plan are classified as non-accrual. 

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES Some loans will not be repaid in full. Therefore, an allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which represents our best estimate of losses incurred. In determining the allowance and the related provision for loan losses, we consider four principal elements: (i) specific allocations based upon probable losses identified during the review of the loan portfolio, (ii) allocations established for other adversely rated loans, (iii) allocations based principally on historical loan loss experience, and (iv) additional allowances based on subjective factors, including local and general economic business factors and trends, portfolio concentrations and changes in the size and/or the general terms of the loan portfolios. 

51 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The first element reflects our estimate of probable incurred losses based upon our systematic review of specific loans. These estimates are based upon a number of objective factors, such as payment history, financial condition of the borrower, discounted collateral exposure and discounted cash flow analysis. Impaired commercial and mortgage loans are allocated allowance amounts using this first element. The second element reflects the application of our loan rating system. This rating system is similar to those employed by state and federal banking regulators. Loans that are rated below a certain predetermined classification are assigned a loss allocation factor for each loan classification category that is based upon a historical analysis of both the probability of default and the expected loss rate loss given default ). The lower the rating assigned to a loan or category, the greater the allocation percentage that is applied. For higher rated loans non-watch credit we again determine a probability of default and loss given default in order to apply an allocation percentage. Commercial loans not falling under the first element are allocated allowance amounts using this second element. The third element is determined by assigning allocations to homogeneous loan groups based principally upon the five-year average of loss experience for each type of loan. Recent years are weighted more heavily in this average. Average losses may be further adjusted based on an analysis of delinquent loans. Loss analyses are conducted at least annually. Mortgage loans not falling under the first element as well as installment and payment plan receivables are allocated allowance amounts using this third element. The fourth element is based on factors that cannot be associated with a specific credit or loan category and reflects our attempt to ensure that the overall allowance for loan losses appropriately reflects a margin for the unpredictability necessarily inherent in the estimates of expected credit losses. We consider a number of subjective factors when determining this fourth element, including local and general economic business factors and trends, portfolio concentrations and changes in the size, mix and the general terms of the loan portfolios. 

Increases in the allowance are recorded by a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Although we periodically allocate portions of the allowance to specific loans and loan portfolios, the entire allowance is available for incurred losses. We generally charge-off commercial, homogenous residential mortgage, installment and payment plan receivable loans when they are deemed uncollectible or reach a predetermined number of days past due based on loan product, industry practice and other factors. Collection efforts may continue and recoveries may occur after a loan is charged against the allowance. 

While we use relevant information to recognize losses on loans, additional provisions for related losses may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, customer circumstances and other credit risk factors. 

A loan is impaired when full payment under the loan terms is not expected. Generally, those loans included in each commercial loan class that are rated substandard, classified as non-performing or were classified as non-performing in the preceding quarter are evaluated for impairment. Those loans included in each mortgage loan class whose terms have been modified and considered a troubled debt restructuring are also impaired. We measure our investment in an impaired loan based on one of three methods: the loan s observable market price, the fair value of the collateral or the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as those loans included in each installment and mortgage loan class and each payment plan receivable class are collectively evaluated for impairment, and accordingly, they are not separately identified for impairment disclosures. Troubled debt restructured TDR loans are generally measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective interest rate at inception of the loan. 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed using both straight-line and accelerated methods over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Buildings are generally depreciated over a period not exceeding 39 years and equipment is generally depreciated over periods not exceeding 7 years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful life or lease period. 

BANK OWNED LIFE INSURANCE We have purchased a group flexible premium non-participating variable life insurance contract on approximately 270 salaried employees in order to recover the cost of providing certain employee benefits. Bank owned life insurance is recorded at its cash surrender value or the amount that can be currently realized. 

52 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

OTHER REAL ESTATE AND REPOSSESSED ASSETS Other real estate at the time of acquisition is recorded at fair value, less estimated costs to sell, which becomes the property s new basis. Fair value is typically determined by a third party appraisal of the property. Any write-downs at date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Expense incurred in maintaining assets and subsequent write-downs to reflect declines in value and gains or losses on the sale of other real estate are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. Non-real estate repossessed assets are treated in a similar manner. 

OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS Other intangible assets consist of core deposits. They are initially measured at fair value and then are amortized on both straight-line and accelerated methods over their estimated useful lives, which range from 7 to 15 years. 

VEHICLE SERVICE CONTRACT COUNTERPARTY RECEIVABLES, NET These amounts represent funds due to Mepco from its counterparties for cancelled service contracts. Upon the cancellation of a service contract and the completion of the billing process to the counterparties for amounts due to Mepco, there is a decrease in the amount of payment plan receivables and an increase in the amount of vehicle service contract counterparty receivables until such time as the amount due from the counterparty is collected. 

INCOME TAXES We employ the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. This method establishes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities at tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are realized or settled. Under this method, the effect of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. The deferred tax asset is subject to a valuation allowance for that portion of the asset for which it is more likely than not that it will not be realized. 

A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. 

We recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

We file a consolidated federal income tax return. Intercompany tax liabilities are settled as if each subsidiary filed a separate return. 

SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE Securities sold under agreements to repurchase repurchase agreements are treated as debt and are reflected as a liability in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The securities pledged to secure the repurchase agreements remain in the securities portfolio. 

VEHICLE SERVICE CONTRACT COUNTERPARTY PAYABLES Vehicle service contract counterparty payables represent amounts owed to insurance companies or other counterparties for vehicle service contract payment plans purchased by us. The vehicle service contract counterparty payable becomes due in accordance with the terms of the specific contract between Mepco and the counterparty. Typically these terms require payment after Mepco has received one or two payments from the consumer on the payment plan receivable. 

COMMITMENTS TO EXTEND CREDIT AND RELATED FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Financial instruments may include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Financial instruments involve varying degrees of credit and interest-rate risk in excess of amounts reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Exposure to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to the financial instruments for loan commitments to extend credit and letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. In general, we use a similar methodology to estimate our liability for these off-balance sheet credit exposures as we do for our allowance for loan losses. For commercial related commitments, we estimate liability using our loan rating system and for mortgage and installment commitments we estimate liability principally upon historical loss experience. Our estimated liability for off balance sheet commitments is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition and any charge or recovery is recorded in non-interest expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. 

53 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS We record derivatives on our consolidated statement of financial condition as assets and liabilities measured at their fair value. The accounting for increases and decreases in the value of derivatives depends upon the use of derivatives and whether the derivatives qualify for hedge accounting. 

We record the fair value of cash-flow hedging instruments Cash Flow Hedges in accrued income and other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we adjust our consolidated statement of financial condition to reflect the then current fair value of the Cash Flow Hedges. The related gains or losses are reported in other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified into earnings, as a yield adjustment in the same period in which the related interest on the hedged items (primarily variable-rate debt obligations) affect earnings. To the extent that the Cash Flow Hedges are not effective, the ineffective portion of the Cash Flow Hedges is immediately recognized as interest expense. 

We also record fair-value hedging instruments Fair Value Hedges at fair value in accrued income and other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities. The hedged items (primarily fixed-rate debt obligations) are also recorded at fair value through the statement of operations, which offsets the adjustment to the Fair Value Hedges. On an ongoing basis, we adjust our consolidated statement of financial condition to reflect the then current fair value of both the Fair Value Hedges and the respective hedged items. To the extent that the change in value of the Fair Value Hedges do not offset the change in the value of the hedged items, the ineffective portion is immediately recognized as interest expense. 

Certain derivative financial instruments are not designated as hedges. The fair value of these derivative financial instruments have been recorded on our consolidated statement of financial condition and are adjusted on an ongoing basis to reflect their then current fair value. The changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments not designated as hedges, are recognized currently in earnings. 

When hedge accounting is discontinued because it is determined that a derivative financial instrument no longer qualifies as a fair-value hedge, we continue to carry the derivative financial instrument on our consolidated statement of financial condition at its fair value, and no longer adjust the hedged item for changes in fair value. The adjustment of the carrying amount of the previously hedged item is accounted for in the same manner as other components of similar instruments. When hedge accounting is discontinued because it is probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur, we continue to carry the derivative financial instrument on our consolidated statement of financial condition at its fair value, and gains and losses that were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss are recognized immediately in earnings. In all other situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued, we continue to carry the derivative financial instrument at its fair value on our consolidated statement of financial condition and recognize any subsequent changes in its fair value in earnings. 

When a derivative financial instrument that qualified for hedge accounting is settled and the hedged item remains, the gain or loss on the derivative financial instrument is accreted or amortized over the life that remained on the settled derivative financial instrument. 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Comprehensive loss consists of net loss, unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale and derivative instruments classified as cash flow hedges. The net change in unrealized loss on securities available for sale reflects net gains reclassified into earnings of 1.2 million and 2.8 million in 2010 and 2009, respectively and reflects net losses reclassified into earnings of 4.6 million in 2008. The reclassification of these amounts from comprehensive loss resulted in no income tax expense or benefit due to a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE Basic and diluted loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period and participating share awards. All outstanding unvested share-based payment awards that contain rights to nonforfeitable dividends are considered participating securities for this calculation. The assumed conversion of convertible preferred stock, assumed exercise of common stock warrants, assumed exercise of stock options, and stock units for deferred compensation plan for non-employee directors would have an anti-dilutive impact on the loss per share and thus are ignored in the diluted per share calculation. Loss and dividends per common share have been restated for a 1 for 10 reverse stock split in 2010. 

54 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

STOCK BASED COMPENSATION Compensation cost is recognized for stock options and non-vested share awards issued to employees, based on the fair value of these awards at the date of grant. A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock options, while the market price of our common stock at the date of grant is used for non-vested share awards. Compensation cost is recognized over the required service period, generally defined as the vesting period. 

COMMON STOCK At December 31, 2010, 0.05 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the dividend reinvestment plan, 0.09 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under our long-term incentive plans and 1.2 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under an equity line agreement. Common stock has been has been adjusted for a 1 for 10 reverse stock split in 2010. 

RECLASSIFICATION Certain amounts in the 2009 and 2008 consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2010 presentation. 

ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS In June 2009, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 860 Transfers and Servicing (formerly SFAS No. 166 Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 140 ). This standard removes the concept of a qualifying special-purpose entity and limits the circumstances in which a financial asset, or portion of a financial asset, should be derecognized when the transferor has not transferred the entire financial asset to an entity that is not consolidated with the transferor in the financial statements being presented and/or when the transferor has continuing involvement with the transferred financial asset. The adoption of this standard on January 1, 2010 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2009, the FASB issued FASB ASC Topic 810-10, Consolidation (formerly SFAS No. 167 Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) ). The standard amends tests for variable interest entities to determine whether a variable interest entity must be consolidated. This standard requires an entity to perform an analysis to determine whether an entity s variable interest or interests give it a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity. This standard requires ongoing reassessments of whether an entity is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity and enhanced disclosures that provide more transparent information about an entity s involvement with a variable interest entity. The adoption of this standard on January 1, 2010 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2 RESTRICTIONS ON CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS 

Our bank is required to maintain reserve balances in the form of vault cash and non-interest earning balances with the FRB. The average reserve balances to be maintained during 2010 and 2009 were 22.6 million and 25.5 million respectively. We do not maintain compensating balances with correspondent banks. We are also required to maintain reserve balances related to our visa debit card operations and merchant payment processing operations. These balances are held at unrelated financial institutions and totaled 1.6 million and 7.6 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

55 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 3 SECURITIES 

Securities available for sale consist of the following at December 31: 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

(In thousands) 

2010 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

13,103 

249 

21 

13,331 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

18,203 

31 

4,050 

14,184 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

31,534 

375 

650 

31,259 

Trust preferred 

9,472 

116 

498 

9,090 

Total 

72,312 

771 

5,219 

67,864 

2009 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

46,108 

1,500 

86 

47,522 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

38,531 

97 

7,653 

30,975 

Other asset-backed 

5,699 

- 

194 

5,505 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

66,439 

1,096 

403 

67,132 

Trust preferred 

14,272 

456 

1,711 

13,017 

Total 

171,049 

3,149 

10,047 

164,151 

Total OTTI recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss for securities available for sale was 1.0 million and 2.6 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

Our investments gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment type and length of time that individual securities have been at a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31 follows: 

Less Than Twelve Months 

Twelve Months or More 

Total 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

(In thousands) 

2010 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

2,733 

21 

- 

- 

2,733 

21 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

- 

- 

12,624 

4,050 

12,624 

4,050 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

8,371 

428 

1,796 

222 

10,167 

650 

Trust preferred 

- 

- 

2,384 

498 

2,384 

498 

Total 

11,104 

449 

16,804 

4,770 

27,908 

5,219 

2009 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

7,310 

86 

- 

- 

7,310 

86 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

4,343 

112 

18,126 

7,541 

22,469 

7,653 

Other asset backed 

783 

3 

4,722 

191 

5,505 

194 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

4,236 

124 

3,960 

279 

8,196 

403 

Trust preferred 

- 

- 

7,715 

1,711 

7,715 

1,711 

Total 

16,672 

325 

34,523 

9,722 

51,195 

10,047 

56 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Our portfolio of available-for-sale securities is reviewed quarterly for impairment in value. In performing this review management considers (1) the length of time and extent that fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (3) the impact of changes in market interest rates on the market value of the security and (4) an assessment of whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. For securities that do not meet the aforementioned recovery criteria, the amount of impairment recognized in earnings is limited to the amount related to credit losses, while impairment related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income or loss. 

U.S. Agency residential mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2010 we had 2 securities whose fair market value is less than amortized cost. The unrealized losses are largely attributed to rising interest rates. As management does not intend to liquidate these securities and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of these unrealized losses, no declines are deemed to be other than temporary. 

Private label residential mortgage and other asset-backed securities at December 31, 2010 we had 10 securities whose fair value is less than amortized cost. Eight of the issues are rated by a major rating agency as investment grade while two are below investment grade. During 2009 pricing conditions in the private label residential mortgage and other asset-backed security markets were characterized by sporadic secondary market flow, significant implied liquidity risk discounts, a wide bid / ask spread and an absence of new issuances of similar securities. During 2010, while this market was still closed to new issuance, secondary market trading activity increased and appeared to be more orderly than compared to 2009. In addition, many bonds are trading at levels near their economic value with fewer distressed valuations relative to 2009. Prices for some securities have been rising, due in part to negative new supply. This improvement in trading activity is supported by sales of 11 securities with an amortized cost of 14.2 million at a 0.2 million gain during the first quarter of 2010 and an additional seven securities (all of our remaining other asset-backed securities) with an amortized cost of 5.3 million at a 0.1 million gain during the second quarter of 2010. 

The unrealized losses, while showing improvement in the aggregate during 2010, are largely attributable to credit spread widening on these securities. The underlying loans within these securities include Jumbo (59 and Alt A (41 at December 31, 2010. 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

(In thousands) 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

Jumbo 

8,429 

(2,600 

21,718 

(5,749 

Alt-A 

5,755 

(1,419 

9,257 

(1,807 

Other asset-backed - Manufactured housing 

- 

- 

5,505 

(194 

All of the private label residential mortgage-backed transactions have geographic concentrations in California, ranging from 29 to 59 (at origination date) of the collateral pool. Typical exposure levels to California (median exposure was 39 at origination date) are consistent with overall market collateral characteristics. Five transactions have modest exposure to Florida, ranging from 5 to 11 (at origination date), and one transaction has modest exposure to Arizona (5 at origination date). The underlying collateral pools do not have meaningful exposure to Nevada, Michigan or Ohio. None of the issues involve subprime mortgage collateral. Thus the impact of this market segment is only indirect, in that it has impacted liquidity and pricing in general for private label residential mortgage-backed securities. The majority of transactions are backed by fully amortizing loans. However, eight transactions have concentrations in interest only loans ranging from 31 to 94 (at origination date). The structure of the residential mortgage securities portfolio provides protection to credit losses. The portfolio primarily consists of senior securities as demonstrated by the following: super senior (14 ), senior (47 ), senior support (22 and mezzanine (17 ). The mezzanine classes are from seasoned transactions (77 to 104 months) with significant levels of subordination (8 to 26 ). Except for the additional discussion below relating to other than temporary impairment, each private label residential mortgage security has sufficient credit enhancement via subordination to reasonably assure full realization of book value. This assertion is based on a transaction level review of the portfolio. Individual security reviews include: external credit ratings, forecasted weighted average life, recent prepayment speeds, underwriting characteristics of the underlying collateral, the structure of the securitization and the credit performance of the underlying collateral. The review of underwriting characteristics considers: average loan size, type of loan (fixed or ARM), vintage, rate, FICO, loan-to-value, scheduled amortization, occupancy, purpose, geographic mix and loan documentation. The review of the securitization structure focuses on the priority of cash flows to the bond, the priority of the bond relative to the realization of credit losses and the level of subordination available to absorb credit losses. The review of credit performance includes: current period as well as cumulative realized losses; the level of severe payment problems, which includes other real estate (ORE), foreclosures, bankruptcy and 90 day delinquencies; and the level of less severe payment problems, which consists of 30 and 60 day delinquencies. 

57 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

All of these securities are receiving some principal and interest payments. Most of these transactions are passthrough structures, receiving pro rata principal and interest payments from a dedicated collateral pool for loans that are performing. The nonreceipt of interest cash flows is not expected and thus not presently considered in our discounted cash flow methodology discussed below. 

In addition to the review discussed above, certain securities, including two securities with a rating below investment grade, were reviewed for OTTI utilizing a cash flow projection. The scope of review included securities that account for 90 of the 4.1 million in gross unrealized losses. The cash flow analysis forecasted cash flow from the underlying loans in each transaction and then applied these cash flows to the bonds in the securitization. The cash flows from the underlying loans considered contractual payment terms (scheduled amortization), prepayments, defaults and severity of loss given default. The analysis used dynamic assumptions for prepayments, defaults and loss severity. Near term prepayment assumptions were based on recently observed prepayment rates. More weight was given to longer term historic performance (12 months). Recent prepayment experience has increased somewhat due to an increase in nonconforming loans being refinanced into conventional transactions. In some cases, recently observed prepayment rates are lower than historic norms due to the absence of new jumbo loan issuances. This loan market is heavily dependent upon securitization for funding, and new securitization transactions have been minimal. Our model projections anticipate that prepayment rates gradually revert to historical levels. For seasoned ARM transactions, normalized prepayment rates are estimated at 15 to 25 CPR. For fixed rate collateral (one transaction), the prepayment speed is projected to remain unchanged based upon current speeds as well as the spread differential between the collateral and the current market rate for conforming mortgages. 

Default assumptions are largely based on the volume of existing real-estate owned, pending foreclosures and severe delinquencies. Other considerations include the quality of loan underwriting, recent default experience, realized loss performance and the volume of less severe delinquencies. Default levels generally are projected to remain elevated or increase for a period of time sufficient to address the level of distressed loans in the transaction. Our projections expect defaults to then decline, generally beginning in year 3. Current loss severity assumptions are based on recent observations when meaningful data is available. Loss severity is expected to remain elevated for the next three years. Severity is expected to decline beginning in year four as conditions in the housing market are expected to improve. While we have seen modest home price increases recently, housing data remains weak. Except for two securities discussed in further detail below (both are currently below investment grade), our cash flow analysis forecasts complete recovery of our cost basis for each reviewed security. 

At December 31, 2010 two below investment grade private label residential mortgage-backed securities with fair values of 4.8 million and 0.4 million, respectively and unrealized losses of 1.6 million and zero, respectively (amortized cost of 6.4 million and 0.4 million, respectively) had losses that were considered other than temporary. 

58 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The underlying loans in the first transaction are 30 year fixed rate jumbos with an average origination date FICO of 748 and an average origination date loan-to-value ratio of 73 . The loans backing this transaction were originated in 2007 and is our only security backed by 2007 vintage loans. We believe that this vintage is a key differentiating factor between this security and the others in our portfolio that do not have unrealized losses that are considered OTTI. The bond is a senior security that is receiving principal and interest payments similar to principal reductions in the underlying collateral. The cash flow analysis described above calculated 0.262 million of credit related OTTI and was recognized in our consolidated statements of operations 0.197 million, and 0.065 million during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively). The remaining unrealized loss was attributed to other factors and is reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) during those same periods. 

The underlying loans in the second transaction are 30 year hybrid ARM jumbos with an average origination date FICO of 740 and an average origination date loan-to-value ratio of 65 . The loans backing this transaction were originated in 2005. The bond is a senior support security that is receiving principal and interest payments similar to principal reductions in the underlying collateral. The cash flow analysis described above calculated credit related OTTI of 0.198 million and was recognized in our consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2010. This represents the entire unrealized loss on this security. 

As management does not intend to liquidate these securities and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of these unrealized losses, no other declines discussed above are deemed to be other than temporary. 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions at December 31, 2010 we had 32 municipal securities whose fair value is less than amortized cost. The unrealized losses are largely attributed to a widening of market spreads and continued illiquidity for certain issues. In addition, the significant supply of Build America Bonds and market expectations of increased tax exempt issuance in 2011 prompted some sell off during the fourth quarter of 2010. The majority of the securities are not rated by a major rating agency. Approximately 58 of the non rated securities originally had a AAA credit rating by virtue of bond insurance. However, the insurance provider no longer has an investment grade rating. The remaining non rated issues are small local issues that did not receive a credit rating due to the size of the transaction. The non rated securities have a periodic internal credit review according to established procedures. As management does not intend to liquidate these securities and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of these unrealized losses, no declines are deemed to be other than temporary. 

Trust preferred securities at December 31, 2010 we had three securities whose fair value is less than amortized cost. All of our trust preferred securities are single issue securities issued by a trust subsidiary of a bank holding company. The pricing of trust preferred securities over the past two years has suffered from significant credit spread widening fueled by uncertainty regarding potential losses of financial companies, the absence of a liquid functioning secondary market and potential supply concerns from financial companies issuing new debt to recapitalize themselves. During 2010, although still showing signs of weakness, pricing for all issues improved from the prior year end due to credit spread tightening. 

One of the three securities are rated by a major rating agency as investment grade, while one is split rated (this security is rated as investment grade by one major rating agency and below investment grade by another) and the other is non-rated. The non-rated issue is a relatively small bank and was never rated. The issuer of this trust preferred security, which had an amortized cost of 1.0 million and a fair value of 0.9 million as of December 31, 2010, continues to make interest payments and have satisfactory credit metrics. 

Our OTTI analysis for trust preferred securities is based on a security level financial analysis of the issuer. This review considers: external credit ratings, maturity date of the instrument, the scope of the bank s operations, relevant financial metrics and recent issuer specific news. The analysis of relevant financial metrics includes: capital adequacy, asset quality, earnings and liquidity. We use the same OTTI review methodology for both rated and non-rated issues. During 2010 we recorded OTTI on an unrated trust preferred security of 0.067 million (we had recorded OTTI on this security of 0.183 million in prior periods). Specifically, this issuer had deferred interest payments on all of its trust preferred securities and was operating under a written agreement with the regulatory agencies that specifically prohibited dividend payments. The issuer was a relatively small bank with operations centered in southeast Michigan. The issuer reported losses in 2008 and 2009 and was subsequently closed in the fourth quarter of 2010 and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was named receiver. This investment s amortized cost has been written down to zero, compared to a par value of 0.25 million. 

59 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

(In thousands) 

Trust preferred securities 

Rated issues 

6,290 

(375 

11,188 

(212 

Unrated issues - no OTTI 

2,800 

(7 

1,761 

(1,044 

Unrated issues - with OTTI 

68 

1 

As management does not intend to liquidate these securities and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of these unrealized losses, no other declines discussed above are deemed to be other than temporary. 

During 2010, 2009 and 2008 we recorded in earnings OTTI charges on securities available for sale of 0.5 million, 0.1 million and 0.2 million respectively. 

A rollforward of credit losses recognized in earnings on securities available for sale for the years ending December 31, follow: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

248 

166 

Additions to credit losses on securities for which no previous OTTI was recognized 

198 

65 

Increases to credit losses on securities for which OTTI was previously recognized 

264 

17 

Total 

710 

248 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities available for sale at December 31, 2010, by contractual maturity, follow. The actual maturity may differ from the contractual maturity because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Maturing within one year 

2,147 

2,182 

Maturing after one year but within five years 

8,431 

8,655 

Maturing after five years but within ten years 

9,909 

9,757 

Maturing after ten years 

20,519 

19,755 

41,006 

40,349 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

13,103 

13,331 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

18,203 

14,184 

Total 

72,312 

67,864 

60 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A summary of proceeds from the sale of securities available for sale and gains and losses follows: 

Proceeds 

Realized Gains 

Losses(1) 

(In thousands) 

2010 

96,648 

1,882 

221 

2009 

43,525 

3,003 

130 

2008 

80,348 

1,903 

112 

__________ 

(1) 

Losses in 2010 and 2009 exclude 0.5 million and 0.1 million, respectively of other than temporary impairment; losses in 2008 exclude a 6.2 million write-down related to the dissolution of a money-market auction rate security and the distribution of the underlying preferred stock and 0.2 million of other than temporary impairment. 

During 2010, 2009 and 2008 our trading securities consisted of various preferred stocks. During each of those years we recognized gains (losses) on trading securities of (0.02) million, 1.0 million and (10.4) million, respectively, that are included in net gains (losses) on securities in the consolidated statements of operations. Of these amounts, 0.02 million and 0.04 million relates to gains (losses) recognized on trading securities still held at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

Securities with a book value of 19.6 million and 82.6 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits and for other purposes as required by law. There were no investment obligations of state and political subdivisions that were payable from or secured by the same source of revenue or taxing authority that exceeded 10 of consolidated shareholders equity at December 31, 2010 or 2009. 

NOTE 4 LOANS 

Our loan portfolios at December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Real estate(1) 

Residential first mortgages 

601,755 

684,567 

Residential home equity and other junior mortgages 

171,273 

203,222 

Construction and land development 

68,022 

69,496 

Other(2) 

484,019 

585,988 

Payment plan receivables 

201,263 

406,341 

Commercial 

155,322 

187,110 

Consumer 

126,525 

156,213 

Agricultural 

4,937 

6,435 

Total loans 

1,813,116 

2,299,372 

__________ 

(1) 

Includes both residential and non-residential commercial loans secured by real estate. 

(2) 

Includes loans secured by multi-family residential and non-farm, non-residential property. 

Loans are presented net of deferred loan fees of 0.6 million at December 31, 2010 and 0.2 million at December 31, 2009. Payment plan receivables totaling 213.9 million and 436.4 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, are presented net of unamortized discount of 12.9 million and 30.8 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. These payment plan receivables had effective yields of 13 at both December 31, 2010 and 2009. These receivables have various due dates through January, 2013. 

61 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

An analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Loan Losses 

Unfunded Commitments 

Loan Losses 

Unfunded Commitments 

Loan Losses 

Unfunded Commitments 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

81,717 

1,858 

57,900 

2,144 

45,294 

1,936 

Additions (deductions) 

Provision for loan losses 

46,765 

- 

103,318 

- 

71,113 

- 

Recoveries credited to allowance 

3,612 

- 

2,795 

- 

3,489 

- 

Loans charged against the allowance 

(64,179 

- 

(82,296 

- 

(61,996 

- 

Additions (deductions) included in non-interest expense 

- 

(536 

- 

(286 

- 

208 

Balance at end of year 

67,915 

1,322 

81,717 

1,858 

57,900 

2,144 

Allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment at December 31, 2010 follows: 

Commercial 

Mortgage 

Installment 

Payment Plan Receivables 

Unallocated 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

11,522 

11,567 

1,836 

- 

- 

24,925 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

12,314 

11,075 

4,933 

389 

14,279 

42,990 

Total ending allowance balance 

23,836 

22,642 

6,769 

389 

14,279 

67,915 

Loans 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

53,415 

107,026 

6,904 

- 

167,345 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

656,681 

554,534 

239,835 

201,263 

1,652,313 

Total loans recorded investment 

710,096 

661,560 

246,739 

201,263 

1,819,658 

Accrued interest included in recorded investment 

2,566 

2,881 

1,095 

- 

6,542 

Total Loans 

707,530 

658,679 

245,644 

201,263 

1,813,116 

62 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Non-performing loans at December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Non-accrual loans 

66,652 

105,965 

122,639 

Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest 

928 

3,940 

2,626 

Total non-performing loans 

67,580 

109,905 

125,265 

Non performing loans includes both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. If these loans had continued to accrue interest in accordance with their original terms, approximately 5.0 million, 7.3 million, and 7.2 million of interest income would have been recognized in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Interest income recorded on these loans was approximately 0.1 million, 0.2 million and 0.4 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

An aging analysis of loans by class as of December 31, 2010 follows: 

Loans Past Due 

90+ and 

Total Non- 

30-59 days 

60-89 days 

90+ days 

Total 

Loans not Past Due 

Total Loans 

Still Accruing 

Non- Accrual 

Performing Loans 

(In thousands) 

Commercial 

Income producing - real estate 

3,269 

914 

8,978 

13,161 

295,948 

309,109 

276 

11,925 

12,201 

Land, land development and construction - real estate 

1,923 

147 

4,919 

6,989 

55,693 

62,682 

- 

9,672 

9,672 

Commercial and industrial 

1,636 

2,204 

4,665 

8,505 

329,800 

338,305 

675 

7,016 

7,691 

Mortgage 

1-4 family 

4,074 

2,349 

19,428 

25,851 

319,361 

345,212 

- 

19,428 

19,428 

Resort lending 

2,667 

1,003 

9,206 

12,876 

215,398 

228,274 

- 

9,206 

9,206 

Home equity line of credit - 1st lien 

576 

- 

1,080 

1,656 

25,951 

27,607 

- 

1,080 

1,080 

Home equity line of credit - 2nd lien 

723 

464 

1,153 

2,340 

58,127 

60,467 

- 

1,153 

1,153 

Installment 

Home equity installment - 1st lien 

472 

228 

1,916 

2,616 

50,150 

52,766 

- 

1,916 

1,916 

Home equity installment - 2nd lien 

746 

529 

1,373 

2,648 

63,345 

65,993 

- 

1,373 

1,373 

Loans not secured by real estate 

1,302 

348 

923 

2,573 

122,066 

124,639 

- 

923 

923 

Other 

51 

16 

34 

101 

3,240 

3,341 

- 

34 

34 

Payment plan receivables 

Full guarantee 

6,475 

3,957 

2,470 

12,902 

148,751 

161,653 

- 

2,470 

2,470 

Partial guarantee 

1,134 

642 

329 

2,105 

24,170 

26,275 

- 

329 

329 

Other 

583 

166 

127 

876 

12,459 

13,335 

- 

127 

127 

Total recorded investment 

25,631 

12,967 

56,601 

95,199 

1,724,459 

1,819,658 

951 

66,652 

67,603 

Accrued interest included in recorded investment 

225 

133 

23 

381 

6,161 

6,542 

23 

- 

23 

63 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Impaired loans and related allocated allowance at December 31 are as follows: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Impaired loans with no allocated allowance 

TDR 

25,754 

9,059 

Non - TDR 

4,495 

2,995 

Impaired loans with an allocated allowance 

TDR - allowance based on collateral 

19,418 

3,552 

TDR - allowance based on present value cash flow 

93,070 

74,287 

Non - TDR - allowance based on collateral 

21,623 

68,032 

Non - TDR - allowance based on present value cash flow 

2,351 

- 

Total impaired loans 

166,711 

157,925 

Amount of allowance for loan losses allocated 

TDR - allowance based on collateral 

5,462 

761 

TDR - allowance based on present value cash flow 

12,086 

7,828 

Non - TDR - allowance based on collateral 

6,644 

21,004 

Non - TDR - allowance based on present value cash flow 

733 

- 

Total amount of allowance for losses allocated 

24,925 

29,593 

64 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Impaired loans by class at December 31, 3010 are as follows (1): 

Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Related Allowance 

(In thousands) 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Income producing - real estate 

4,545 

4,763 

- 

Land, land development and construction - real estate 

1,600 

2,810 

- 

Commercial and industrial 

5,830 

5,873 

- 

Mortgage 

1-4 family 

8,770 

10,551 

- 

Resort lending 

5,666 

5,670 

- 

Home equity line of credit - 1st lien 

- 

- 

- 

Home equity line of credit - 2nd lien 

93 

93 

- 

Installment 

Home equity installment - 1st lien 

1,772 

1,805 

- 

Home equity installment - 2nd lien 

1,891 

1,904 

- 

Loans not secured by real estate 

211 

220 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

30,378 

33,689 

- 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Income producing - real estate 

16,206 

22,748 

4,279 

Land, land development - real estate 

12,735 

21,017 

3,922 

Commercial and industrial 

12,499 

13,844 

3,321 

Mortgage 

1-4 family 

64,157 

66,379 

8,223 

Resort lending 

28,315 

28,874 

3,319 

Home equity line of credit - 1st lien 

- 

- 

- 

Home equity line of credit - 2nd lien 

25 

97 

25 

Consumer 

Home equity installment - 1st lien 

1,361 

1,374 

620 

Home equity installment - 2nd lien 

1,413 

1,429 

1,110 

Loans not secured by real estate 

256 

258 

106 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

136,967 

156,020 

24,925 

Total 

Commercial 

Income producing - real estate 

20,751 

27,511 

4,279 

Land, land development - real estate 

14,335 

23,827 

3,922 

Commercial and industrial 

18,329 

19,717 

3,321 

Mortgage 

1-4 family 

72,927 

76,930 

8,223 

Resort lending 

33,981 

34,544 

3,319 

Home equity line of credit - 1st lien 

- 

- 

- 

Home equity line of credit - 2nd lien 

118 

190 

25 

Consumer 

Home equity installment - 1st lien 

3,133 

3,179 

620 

Home equity installment - 2nd lien 

3,304 

3,333 

1,110 

Loans not secured by real estate 

467 

478 

106 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

167,345 

189,709 

24,925 

Accrued interest included in recorded investment 

634 

(1) 

There were no impaired payment plan receivables at December 31, 2010. 

65 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Our average investment in impaired loans was approximately 168.0 million, 111.2 million and 84.2 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Cash receipts on impaired loans on non-accrual status are generally applied to the principal balance. Interest income recognized on impaired loans was approximately 5.7 million, 2.2 million and 0.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively of which the majority of these amounts were received in cash. 

The increase in impaired loans relative to the decrease in non-performing loans during 2010 reflects a 41.8 million increase from December 31, 2009 in TDR loans that remain performing at December 31, 2010. The increase in TDR loans is primarily attributed to the restructuring of repayment terms of residential mortgage and commercial loans. 

TDR loans at December 31 follows: 

2010 

Commercial 

Retail 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Performing TDR's 

16,957 

96,855 

113,812 

Non-performing TDR's(1) 

7,814 

16,616 

(2) 

24,430 

Total 

24,771 

113,471 

138,242 

2009 

Commercial 

Retail 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Performing TDR's 

3,500 

68,461 

71,961 

Non-performing TDR's(1) 

- 

14,937 

(2) 

14,937 

Total 

3,500 

83,398 

86,898 

(1) 

Included in non-performing loans table above. 

(2) 

Also includes loans on non-accrual at the time of modification until six payments are received on a timely basis. 

Credit Quality Indicators As part of our on on-going monitoring of the credit quality of our loan portfolios, we track certain credit quality indicators including (a) weighted-average risk grade of commercial loans, (b) the level of classified commercial loans (c) credit scores of mortgage and installment loan borrowers (d) investment grade of certain counterparties for payment plan receivables and (e) delinquency history and non-performing loans. 

For commercial loans we use a loan rating system that is similar to those employed by state and federal banking regulators. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 12. A description of the general characteristics of the ratings follows: 

Rating 1 through 6 : These loans are generally referred to as our non-watch commercial credits that include very high or exceptional credit fundamentals through acceptable credit fundamentals. 

Rating 7 and 8 : These loans are generally referred to as our watch commercial credits. This rating includes loans to borrowers that exhibit potential credit weakness or downward trends. If not checked or cured these trends could weaken our asset or credit position. While potentially weak, no loss of principle or interest is envisioned with these ratings. 

Rating 9 : These loans are generally referred to as our substandard accruing commercial credits. This rating includes loans to borrowers that exhibit a well-defined weakness where payment default is probable and loss is possible if deficiencies are not corrected. Generally, loans with this rating are considered collectible as to both principle and interest primarily due to collateral coverage. 

66 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Rating 10 and 11 : These loans are generally referred to as our substandard - non-accrual and Doubtful commercial credits. This rating includes loans to borrowers with weaknesses that make collection of debt in full, on the basis of current facts, conditions and values at best questionable and at worst improbable. All of these loans are placed in non-accrual. 

Rating 12 : These loans are generally referred to as our Loss commercial credits. This rating includes loans to borrowers that are deemed incapable of repayment and are charged-off. 

The following table summarizes loan ratings by loan class for our commercial loan segment at December 31, 2010: 

Primarily credit quality indicators of each of our portfolios, presented by class follows: 

Loan Rating 

Non-watch 

1-6 

Watch 

7-8 

Substandard Accrual 

9 

Non- Accrual 

10-11 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Commercial 

Income producing - real estate 

225,167 

57,536 

14,482 

11,925 

309,110 

Land, land development and construction - real estate 

33,356 

14,780 

4,863 

9,682 

62,681 

Commercial and industrial 

273,138 

41,738 

16,393 

7,036 

338,305 

Total 

531,661 

114,054 

35,738 

28,643 

710,096 

Accrued interest included in total 

1,897 

469 

200 

- 

2,566 

For each of our mortgage and consumer segment classes we generally monitor credit quality based on the credit scores of the borrowers. These credit scores are generally updated at least annually. The following table summarizes credit scores by loan class for our mortgage and installment loan segments at December 31, 2010: 

Mortgage (1) 

1-4 Family 

Resort Lending 

Home Equity 1st Lien 

Home Equity 2nd Lien 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Credit score 

800 and above 

28,308 

21,385 

4,433 

6,386 

60,512 

750-799 

66,812 

89,695 

8,996 

17,995 

183,498 

700-749 

66,749 

56,425 

4,961 

14,688 

142,823 

650-699 

57,026 

25,911 

3,707 

8,856 

95,500 

600-649 

41,559 

12,832 

1,596 

3,768 

59,755 

550-599 

31,879 

11,647 

1,673 

4,303 

49,502 

500-549 

30,723 

5,040 

1,366 

2,497 

39,626 

Under 500 

19,005 

2,941 

742 

1,853 

24,541 

Unknown 

3,151 

2,398 

133 

121 

5,803 

Total 

345,212 

228,274 

27,607 

60,467 

661,560 

Accrued interest included in total 

1,413 

1,012 

135 

321 

2,881 

67 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Installment(1) 

Home Equity 1st Lien 

Home Equity 2nd Lien 

Loans not Secured by Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Credit score 

800 and above 

5,626 

5,618 

13,078 

22 

24,344 

750-799 

14,654 

19,668 

46,228 

554 

81,104 

700-749 

8,994 

15,015 

26,714 

828 

51,551 

650-699 

8,225 

10,029 

15,968 

779 

35,001 

600-649 

5,878 

5,677 

8,520 

417 

20,492 

550-599 

4,120 

4,812 

5,479 

255 

14,666 

500-549 

3,350 

3,248 

4,398 

260 

11,256 

Under 500 

1,809 

1,848 

2,087 

163 

5,907 

Unknown 

110 

78 

2,167 

63 

2,418 

Total 

52,766 

65,993 

124,639 

3,341 

246,739 

Accrued interest included in total 

218 

264 

579 

34 

1,095 

(1) 

Credit scores have been updated within the last twelve months. 

Mepco acquires the payment plans from its counterparties at a discount from the face amount of the payment plan. Each payment plan permits a consumer to purchase a service contract by making monthly payments, generally for a term of 12 to 24 months. Mepco thereafter collects the payments from consumers. If a service contract is cancelled, Mepco typically recovers a portion of the unearned cost of the service contract from the seller and a portion of the unearned cost from the administrator (who, in turn, receives unearned premium from the insurer or risk retention group involved). However, the administrator is generally obligated to refund to Mepco the entire unearned cost of the service contract, including the portion Mepco typically collects from the seller. In addition, as of December 31, 2010, approximately 80 of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables relate to programs in which a third party insurer or risk retention group is obligated to pay Mepco the full refund owing upon cancellation of the related service contract (including with respect to both the portion funded to the service contract seller and the portion funded to the administrator). These receivables are shown as Full Guarantee in the table below. Another approximately 13 of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables as of December 31, 2010, relate to programs in which a third party insurer or risk retention group is obligated to Mepco to pay the refund owing upon cancellation only with respect to the unearned portion previously funded by Mepco to the administrator (but not to the service contract seller). These receivables are shown as Partial Guarantee in the table below. The balance of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables relate to programs in which there is no insurer or risk retention group guarantee of any portion of the refund amount. These receivables are shown as Other in the table below. For each class of our payment plan receivables we monitor credit ratings of the counterparties as we evaluate the credit quality of this portfolio. The following table summarizes credit ratings by class of payment plan receivable at December 31, 2010: 

Payment Plan Receivables 

Full Guarantee 

Partial Guarantee 

Other 

Total 

(In thousands) 

AM Best rating 

A+ 

- 

255 

- 

255 

A 

40,264 

497 

341 

41,102 

A- 

48,291 

25,523 

- 

73,814 

B+ 

19,694 

- 

- 

19,694 

B 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Not rated 

53,404 

- 

12,994 

66,398 

Total 

161,653 

26,275 

13,335 

201,263 

68 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Mortgage loans serviced for others are not reported as assets. The principal balances of these loans at year end are as follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Mortgage loans serviced for : 

Fannie Mae 

939,963 

1,021,982 

931,904 

Freddie Mac 

828,166 

708,054 

721,777 

Other 

192 

291 

433 

Total 

1,768,321 

1,730,327 

1,654,114 

If we do not remain Well Capitalized (see note #21), meet certain minimum capital levels or certain profitability requirements or if we incur a rapid decline in net worth we could lose our ability to sell and/or service loans to these investors. This could impact our ability to generate gains on the sale of loans and generate servicing income. A forced liquidation of our servicing portfolio could also impact the value that could be recovered on this asset. Fannie Mae has the most stringent eligibility requirements covering capital levels, profitability and decline in net worth. Fannie Mae requires seller/servicers to be Well Capitalized. For the profitability requirement, we cannot record four or more consecutive quarterly losses and experience a 30 decline in net worth over the same period. Finally, our net worth cannot decline by more than 25 in one quarter or more than 40 over two consecutive quarters. The highest level of capital we are required to maintain is at least 2.5 million plus 0.25 of loans serviced for Freddie Mac. 

An analysis of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

15,273 

11,966 

15,780 

Originated servicing rights capitalized 

4,158 

5,213 

2,405 

Amortization 

(3,862 

(4,255 

(1,887 

Change in valuation allowance 

(908 

2,349 

(4,332 

Balance at end of year 

14,661 

15,273 

11,966 

Valuation allowance 

3,210 

2,302 

4,651 

Loans sold and serviced that have had servicing rights capitalized 

1,764,317 

1,725,278 

1,647,664 

The fair value of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights was 15.7 million and 16.3 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Fair value was determined using an average coupon rate of 5.42 , average servicing fee of 0.255 , average discount rate of 10.07 and an average PSA rate of 228 for December 31, 2010; and an average coupon rate of 5.73 , average servicing fee of 0.257 , average discount rate of 10.08 and an average PSA rate of 210 for December 31, 2009. 

NOTE 5 OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED 

During 2010 and 2009 we foreclosed on certain loans secured by real estate and transferred approximately 38.1 million and 35.3 million to other real estate in each of those years, respectively. At the time of acquisition amounts were charged-off against the allowance for loan losses to bring the carrying amount of these properties to their estimated fair values, less estimated costs to sell. During 2010 and 2009 we sold other real estate with book balances of approximately 22.8 million and 16.7 million, respectively. Gains or losses on the sale of other real estate are included in non-interest expense on the income statement. 

69 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

We periodically review our real estate owned properties and establish valuation allowances on these properties if values have declined since the date of acquisition. An analysis of our valuation allowance for other real estate owned follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

6,498 

2,363 

- 

Additions charged to expense 

6,883 

7,108 

3,130 

Direct write-downs upon sale 

(2,484 

(2,973 

(767 

Balance at end of year 

10,897 

6,498 

2,363 

Other real estate and repossessed assets totaling 39.4 million and 31.5 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively are presented net of valuation allowance. 

NOTE 6 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

A summary of property and equipment at December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Land 

19,367 

19,403 

Buildings 

70,335 

69,286 

Equipment 

76,038 

73,122 

165,740 

161,811 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(97,381 

(89,195 

Property and equipment, net 

68,359 

72,616 

Depreciation expense was 8.7 million, 8.7 million and 8.3 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

NOTE 7 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Intangible assets, net of amortization, at December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

(In thousands) 

Amortized intangible assets - core deposits 

31,326 

22,346 

31,326 

21,066 

Intangible amortization expense was 1.3 million, 1.9 million and 3.1 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

70 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A summary of estimated core deposit intangible amortization at December 31, 2010, follows: 

(In thousands) 

2011 

1,371 

2012 

1,088 

2013 

1,078 

2014 

801 

2015 

613 

2016 and thereafter 

4,029 

Total 

8,980 

During 2009 we recorded a 16.7 million goodwill impairment charge at our Mepco segment. In the fourth quarter of 2009 we updated our goodwill impairment testing (interim tests had also been performed in the prior quarters of 2009). The results of the year end goodwill impairment testing showed that the estimated fair value of our Mepco reporting unit was less than the carrying value of equity. The fair value of Mepco is principally based on estimated future earnings utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology. Mepco recorded a loss in the fourth quarter of 2009. Further, Mepco s largest business counterparty, who accounted for nearly one-half of Mepco s payment plan business, defaulted in its obligations to Mepco and this counterparty was expected to cease operations in 2010 (which it did). These factors adversely impacted the level of Mepco s expected future earnings and hence its fair value. This necessitated a step 2 analysis and valuation. Based on the step 2 analysis (which involved determining the fair value of Mepco s assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles) we concluded that goodwill was impaired, resulting in the 16.7 million charge. As a result of this charge, goodwill had a zero balance at December 31, 2009. In addition, we accelerated the amortization of a customer relationship intangible at Mepco in the amount of 0.1 million. This customer relationship intangible had a zero balance at December 31, 2009. 

During 2008 we recorded a 50.0 million goodwill impairment charge at our IB segment. In the fourth quarter of 2008 we updated our goodwill impairment testing (interim tests had also been performed in the second and third quarters of 2008). Our common stock price dropped even further in the fourth quarter resulting in a wider difference between our market capitalization and book value. The results of the year end goodwill impairment testing showed that the estimated fair value of our bank reporting unit was less than the carrying value of equity. This necessitated a step 2 analysis and valuation. Based on the step 2 analysis (which involved determining the fair value of our bank s assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles) we concluded that goodwill was impaired, resulting in the 50.0 million charge. A portion of the 50.0 goodwill impairment charge was tax deductible and a 6.3 million tax benefit was recorded related to this charge. 

NOTE 8 DEPOSITS 

A summary of interest expense on deposits for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Savings and NOW 

2,829 

5,751 

10,262 

Time deposits under 100,000 

22,204 

25,202 

28,572 

Time deposits of 100,000 or more 

3,131 

4,452 

7,863 

Total 

28,164 

35,405 

46,697 

Aggregate time deposits in denominations of 100,000 or more amounted to 166.1 million and 167.7 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

71 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A summary of the maturity of time deposits at December 31, 2010, follows: 

(In thousands) 

2011 

413,416 

2012 

127,212 

2013 

110,026 

2014 

127,413 

2015 

25,520 

2016 and thereafter 

733 

Total 

804,320 

Time deposits acquired through broker relationships totaled 273.5 million and 629.2 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

NOTE 9 OTHER BORROWINGS 

A summary of other borrowings at December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank 

71,022 

94,382 

Repurchase agreements 

- 

35,000 

U.S. Treasury demand notes 

- 

1,796 

Other 

10 

4 

Total 

71,032 

131,182 

Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB are secured by unencumbered qualifying mortgage and home equity loans equal to at least 130 and 200 , respectively of outstanding advances, as well as certain agency and private label residential mortgage backed securities. Advances are also secured by FHLB stock that we own. As of December 31, 2010, we had unused borrowing capacity with the FHLB (subject to the FHLB s credit requirements and policies) of 172.3 million. Interest expense on advances amounted to 1.9 million, 4.5 million and 12.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. During 2010, 2009 and 2008 FHLB advances totaling 25.0 million, 151.5 million and 0.5 million, respectively were terminated with no realized gain or loss. 

As a member of the FHLB, we must own FHLB stock equal to the greater of 1.0 of the unpaid principal balance of residential mortgage loans or 5.0 of our outstanding advances. At December 31, 2010, we were in compliance with the FHLB stock ownership requirements. 

72 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The maturity dates and weighted average interest rates of FHLB advances at December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fixed-rate advances 

2010 

6,000 

7.46 

2011 

2,250 

5.89 

2,250 

5.89 

2012 

364 

6.90 

384 

6.90 

2013 

- 

- 

2014 

4,240 

5.73 

4,240 

5.73 

2015 

- 

- 

2016 and thereafter 

14,168 

6.58 

14,508 

6.58 

Total fixed-rate advances 

21,022 

6.34 

27,382 

6.59 

Variable-rate advances 

2011 

42,000 

0.33 

67,000 

0.32 

2012 

- 

- 

2013 

5,000 

0.92 

- 

2014 

- 

- 

2015 

3,000 

0.66 

- 

Total variable-rate advances 

50,000 

0.41 

67,000 

0.32 

Total advances 

71,022 

2.16 

94,382 

2.14 

A summary of repayments of FHLB Advances at December 31, 2010, follows: 

(In thousands) 

2011 

44,637 

2012 

762 

2013 

5,441 

2014 

4,717 

2015 

3,000 

2016 and thereafter 

12,465 

Total 

71,022 

Repurchase agreements were secured by mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of approximately 38.4 million at December 31, 2009. All repurchase agreements outstanding at December 31, 2009 matured during 2010. These securities were being held by the counterparty to the repurchase agreement. The cost of funds on repurchase agreements at December 31, 2009 approximated 4.42 . 

Repurchase agreements averaged 30.7 million, 35.0 million and 35.0 million during 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The maximum amounts outstanding at any month end during 2010, 2009 and 2008 were 35.0 million in each year, respectively. Interest expense on repurchase agreements totaled 1.4 million, 1.6 million and 1.6 million, for the years ended 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. No repurchase agreements were prepaid during 2010, 2009 or 2008. 

We had no borrowings outstanding with the FRB at December 31, 2010 or 2009. We had unused borrowing capacity with the FRB (subject to the FRB s credit requirements and policies) of 497.0 million at December 31, 2010. Collateral for FRB borrowings are qualifying commercial, mortgage and consumer loans as well as certain securities available for sale. Subsequent to December 31, 2010, the FRB informed us that we will no longer be eligible to pledge collateral via the Borrower in Custody program and will therefore need to physically transfer collateral to the FRB. We do not expect this transfer to occur until later in 2011 and therefore until that transfer takes place our unused borrowing capacity has declined to 0.6 million. Interest expense on these borrowings amounted to zero, 0.2 million and 3.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. FRB borrowings averaged 59.8 million and 182.9 million during 2009 and 2008, respectively. The maximum amount outstanding at any month end during 2009 and 2008 were 206.0 million and 331.0 million, respectively. We had no FRB borrowings outstanding during 2010. 

73 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest expense on Federal funds purchased was zero in 2010 and 2009 and 0.3 million in 2008. 

We had established an unsecured credit facility at the parent company comprised of a term loan and a revolving credit agreement. During 2008 the term loan was paid off and the revolving credit agreement was not renewed. Interest expense on the term loan totaled 0.1 million during 2008. No interest expense was incurred on the revolving credit agreement during 2008. 

Assets, including securities available for sale and loans, pledged to secure other borrowings totaled 1.2 billion at December 31, 2010. 

NOTE 10 SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 

We have formed various special purpose entities (the "trusts") for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities in either public or pooled offerings or in private placements. Independent Bank Corporation owns all of the common stock of each trust and has issued subordinated debentures to each trust in exchange for all of the proceeds from the issuance of the common stock and the trust preferred securities. Trust preferred securities totaling 44.1 million and 41.9 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, qualified as Tier 1 regulatory capital and the remaining amount qualified as Tier 2 regulatory capital. 

These trusts are not consolidated with Independent Bank Corporation and accordingly, we report the common securities of the trusts held by us in other assets and the subordinated debentures that we have issued to the trusts in the liability section of our consolidated statements of financial condition. 

Summary information regarding subordinated debentures as of December 31 follows: 

2010 

Entity Name 

Issue Date 

Subordinated Debentures 

Trust Preferred Securities Issued 

Common Stock Issued 

(In thousands) 

IBC Capital Finance II 

March 2003 

9,452 

9,168 

284 

IBC Capital Finance III 

May 2007 

12,372 

12,000 

372 

IBC Capital Finance IV 

September 2007 

20,619 

20,000 

619 

Midwest Guaranty Trust I 

November 2002 

7,732 

7,500 

232 

50,175 

48,668 

1,507 

2009 

Entity Name 

Issue Date 

Subordinated Debentures 

Trust Preferred Securities Issued 

Common Stock Issued 

(In thousands) 

IBC Capital Finance II 

March 2003 

52,165 

50,600 

1,565 

IBC Capital Finance III 

May 2007 

12,372 

12,000 

372 

IBC Capital Finance IV 

September 2007 

20,619 

20,000 

619 

Midwest Guaranty Trust I 

November 2002 

7,732 

7,500 

232 

92,888 

90,100 

2,788 

74 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other key terms for the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities that were outstanding at December 31, 2010 follow: 

Entity Name 

Maturity Date 

Interest Rate 

First Permitted Redemption Date 

IBC Capital Finance II 

March 31, 2033 

8.25 fixed 

March 31, 2008 

IBC Capital Finance III 

July 30, 2037 

3 month LIBOR plus 1.60 

July 30, 2012 

IBC Capital Finance IV 

September 15, 2037 

3 month LIBOR plus 2.85 

September 15, 2012 

Midwest Guaranty Trust I 

November 7, 2032 

3 month LIBOR plus 3.45 

November 7, 2007 

In 2010, we commenced an offer to exchange up to 18.0 million newly issued shares of our common stock for properly tendered and accepted trust preferred securities issued by IBC Capital Finance II, IBC Capital Finance III, IBC Capital Finance IV, and Midwest Guaranty Trust I (the "Exchange Offer"). The Exchange Offer expired at 11:59 p.m., Eastern time, on June 22, 2010. We accepted for exchange 1,657,255 shares 41.4 million aggregate liquidation amount) of the trust preferred securities issued by IBC Capital Finance II, which were validly tendered and not withdrawn as of the expiration date for the Exchange Offer. No shares of the trust preferred securities issued by IBC Capital Finance III, IBC Capital Finance IV, or Midwest Guaranty Trust I were tendered. 

We issued 5,109,125 shares of common stock at a price of 4.60 per share in exchange for the validly tendered trust preferred securities issued by IBC Capital Finance II (including 2.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest) and recorded a gain of 18.1 million which is included in our consolidated statements of operations as Gain on extinguishment of debt . This gain was net of expenses paid totaling approximately 1.0 million for dealer-manager fees, legal fees, accounting fees and other related costs as well as the pro rata write off of previously capitalized issue costs of 1.2 million. 

In the fourth quarter of 2009 we elected to defer distributions (payment of interest) on each of the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities and continued to defer these distributions through December 31, 2010. The subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities are cumulative and have a feature that permits us to defer distributions (payment of interest) from time to time for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters. While we defer the payment of interest, we will continue to accrue the interest expense owed at the applicable interest rate. Upon the expiration of the deferral, all accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable. At December 31, 2010 and 2009 we had 2.3 million and 1.2 million of accrued and unpaid interest. We have the right to redeem the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities (at par) in whole or in part from time to time on or after the first permitted redemption date specified above or upon the occurrence of specific events defined within the trust indenture agreements. Issuance costs have been capitalized and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a period not exceeding 30 years and are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Distributions (payment of interest) on the trust preferred securities are also included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

In the normal course of business, we enter into financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of customers or to reduce exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments may include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Financial instruments involve varying degrees of credit and interest-rate risk in excess of amounts reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Exposure to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to the financial instruments for loan commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. We do not, however, anticipate material losses as a result of these financial instruments. 

A summary of financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk at December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Financial instruments whose risk is represented by contract amounts 

Commitments to extend credit 

126,356 

136,862 

Standby letters of credit 

11,949 

13,824 

75 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and generally require payment of a fee. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the commitment amounts do not represent future cash requirements. Commitments are issued subject to similar underwriting standards, including collateral requirements, as are generally involved in the extension of credit facilities. 

Standby letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in such transactions is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities and, accordingly, standby letters of credit are issued subject to similar underwriting standards, including collateral requirements, as are generally involved in the extension of credit facilities. The majority of the standby letters of credit are to corporations, have variable rates that range from 2.5 to 6.5 and mature through 2013. 

Our Mepco segment conducts its payment plan business activities across the United States. Mepco acquires the payment plans from its counterparties at a discount from the face amount of the payment plan. Each payment plan permits a consumer to purchase a service contract by making monthly payments, generally for a term of 12 to 24 months. Mepco thereafter collects the payments from consumers. In acquiring the payment plan, Mepco generally funds a portion of the cost to the seller of the service contract and a portion of the cost to the administrator of the service contract. The administrator, in turn, pays the necessary contractual liability insurance policy CLIP premium to the insurer or risk retention group. 

Consumers are allowed to voluntarily cancel the service contract at any time and are generally entitled to receive a refund from the administrator of the unearned portion of the service contract at the time of cancellation. As a result, while Mepco does not owe any refund to the consumer, it also does not have any recourse against the consumer for nonpayment of a payment plan and therefore does not evaluate the creditworthiness of the individual consumer. If a consumer stops making payments on a payment plan or exercises the right to voluntarily cancel the service contract, the service contract seller and administrator are each obligated to refund to Mepco the amount necessary to make Mepco whole as a result of its funding of the service contract. As described below, the insurer or risk retention group that issued the CLIP for the service contract often guarantees all or a portion of the refund to Mepco. 

If a service contract is cancelled, Mepco typically recovers a portion of the unearned cost of the service contract from the seller and a portion of the unearned cost from the administrator (who, in turn, receives unearned premium from the insurer or risk retention group involved). However, the administrator is generally obligated to refund to Mepco the entire unearned cost of the service contract, including the portion Mepco typically collects from the seller. In addition, as of December 31, 2010, approximately 80 of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables relate to programs in which a third party insurer or risk retention group is obligated to pay Mepco the full refund owing upon cancellation of the related service contract (including with respect to both the portion funded to the service contract seller and the portion funded to the administrator). Another approximately 13 of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables as of December 31, 2010, relate to programs in which a third party insurer or risk retention group is obligated to Mepco to pay the refund owing upon cancellation only with respect to the unearned portion previously funded by Mepco to the administrator (but not to the service contract seller). The balance of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables relate to programs in which there is no insurer or risk retention group guarantee of any portion of the refund amount. 

In some cases, Mepco requires collateral or guaranties by the principals of the counterparties to secure these refund obligations; however, this is generally only the case when no rated insurance company is involved to guarantee the repayment obligation of the seller and administrator counterparties. In most cases, there is no collateral to secure the counterparties refund obligations to Mepco, but Mepco has the contractual right to offset unpaid refund obligations against amounts Mepco would otherwise be obligated to fund to the counterparties. In addition, even when other collateral is involved, the refund obligations of these counterparties are not fully secured. Mepco incurs losses when it is unable to fully recover funds owing to it by counterparties upon cancellation of the underlying service contracts. The sudden failure of one of Mepco s major counterparties (an insurance company, administrator, or seller/dealer) could expose us to significant losses. 

76 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Payment defaults and voluntary cancellations increased significantly during 2010 and 2009, reflecting both weak economic conditions and adverse publicity impacting the vehicle service contract industry. When counterparties do not honor their contractual obligations to Mepco to repay advanced funds, we recognize estimated losses. Mepco pursues collection (including commencing legal action if necessary) of funds due to it under its various contracts with counterparties. During the third quarter of 2009, we identified a counterparty that was experiencing particularly severe financial difficulties and accrued for estimated potential losses related to that relationship. For 2010, 2009 and 2008 non-interest expenses include 18.6 million, 31.2 million, and 1.0 million, respectively, of charges related to estimated losses for vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies. These charges are being classified in non-interest expense because they are associated with a default or potential default of a contractual obligation under our counterparty contracts as opposed to loss on the administration of the payment plan itself. 

An analysis of our counterparty contingency accrual follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

12,244 

- 

- 

Additions charged to expense 

18,633 

31,234 

966 

Charge-offs 

(29,742 

(18,990 

(966 

Balance at end of year 

1,135 

12,244 

- 

Several marketers and sellers of the vehicle service contracts, including companies from which Mepco has purchased payment plans, have been sued or are under investigation for alleged violations of telemarketing laws and other consumer protection laws. The actions have been brought primarily by state attorneys general and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) but there have also been class action and other private lawsuits filed. In some cases, the companies have been placed into receivership or have discontinued business. In addition, the allegations, particularly those relating to blatantly abusive telemarketing practices by a relatively small number of marketers, have resulted in a significant amount of negative publicity that has affected the industry. It is possible these events could also cause federal or state lawmakers to enact legislation to further regulate the industry. 

We are also involved in various other litigation matters in the ordinary course of business and at the present time, we do not believe that any of these matters will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operation. 

NOTE 12 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

On January 29, 2010, we held a special shareholders meeting at which our shareholders approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock we are authorized to issue from 60 million to 500 million. They also approved the issuance of our common stock in exchange for certain of our trust preferred securities and in exchange for the shares of our preferred stock held by the U.S. Department of the Treasury UST ). 

On April 2, 2010, we entered into an exchange agreement with the UST pursuant to which the UST agreed to exchange all 72,000 shares of the our Series A Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, with an original liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series A Preferred Stock ), beneficially owned and held by the UST, plus accrued and unpaid dividends on such Series A Preferred Stock, for shares of our Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock, with an original liquidation preference of 1,000 per share Series B Preferred Stock ). As part of the terms of the exchange agreement, we also agreed to amend and restate the terms of the warrant, dated December 12, 2008, issued to the UST to purchase 346,154 shares of our common stock. 

77 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

On April 16, 2010, we closed the transactions described in the exchange agreement and we issued to the UST (1) 74,426 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock and (2) an Amended and Restated Warrant to purchase 346,154 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 7.234 per share and expiring on December 12, 2018 (the "Amended Warrant") for all of the 72,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the original warrant that had been issued to the UST in December 2008 pursuant to the TARP Capital Purchase Program, plus approximately 2.4 million in accrued dividends on such Series A Preferred Stock. 

With the exception of being convertible into shares of our common stock, the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock are substantially similar to the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock that was exchanged. The Series B Preferred Stock qualifies as Tier 1 regulatory capital and pays cumulative dividends quarterly at a rate of 5 per annum through February 14, 2014, and at a rate of 9 per annum thereafter. The Series B Preferred Stock is non-voting, other than class voting rights on certain matters that could adversely affect the Series B Preferred Stock. If dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of six quarterly dividend periods or more, whether consecutive or not, our authorized number of directors will be automatically increased by two and the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together with holders of any then outstanding voting parity stock, will have the right to elect those directors at our next annual meeting of shareholders or at a special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose. These directors would be elected annually and serve until all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have been paid. Assuming we continue to defer dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock, the UST would have the right to appoint two directors to our board in the third quarter of 2011. 

Under the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, UST (and any subsequent holder of the Series B Preferred Stock) will have the right to convert the Series B Preferred Stock into our common stock at any time. In addition, we will have the right to compel a conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock into common stock, subject to the following conditions: 

(i) 

we shall have received all appropriate approvals from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 

(ii) 

we shall have issued our common stock in exchange for at least 40 million aggregate original liquidation amount of the trust preferred securities issued by the Company's trust subsidiaries, IBC Capital Finance II, IBC Capital Finance III, IBC Capital Finance IV, and Midwest Guaranty Trust I; 

(iii) 

we shall have closed one or more transactions (on terms reasonably acceptable to the UST, other than the price per share of common stock) in which investors, other than the UST, have collectively provided a minimum aggregate amount of 100 million in cash proceeds to us in exchange for our common stock; and 

(iv) 

we shall have made the anti-dilution adjustments to the Series B Preferred Stock, if any, required by the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

If converted by the holder or by us pursuant to either of the above-described conversion rights, each share of Series B Preferred Stock (liquidation amount of 1,000 per share) will convert into a number of shares of our common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is 750 and the denominator of which is 7.234, which was the market price of our common stock at the time the exchange agreement was signed (as such market price was determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock), referred to as the "Conversion Rate." This Conversion Rate is subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments that may result in a greater number of shares being issued to the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock. If converted by the holder or by us pursuant to either of the above-described conversion rights, as of December 31, 2010, the Series B Preferred Stock and accrued and unpaid dividends would have been convertible into approximately 9.5 million shares of our common stock. 

78 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Unless earlier converted by the holder or by us as described above, the Series B Preferred Stock will convert into shares of our common stock on a mandatory basis on the seventh anniversary (April 16, 2017) of the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock. In any such mandatory conversion, each share of Series B Preferred Stock (liquidation amount of 1,000 per share) will convert into a number of shares of our common stock equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is 1,000 and the denominator of which is the market price of our common stock at the time of such mandatory conversion (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock). 

At the time any Series B Preferred Stock are converted into our common stock, we will be required to pay all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock being converted in cash or, at our option, in shares of our common stock, in which case the number of shares to be issued will be equal to the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends to be paid in common stock divided by the market value of our common stock at the time of conversion (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock). Accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock totaled 2.7 million at December 31, 2010 or approximately 36 per share. 

The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued upon conversion of all shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and any accrued dividends on Series B Preferred Stock is 14.4 million, unless we receive shareholder approval to issue a greater number of shares. 

The Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us, subject to the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, at any time, in an amount up to the cash proceeds (minimum of approximately 18.6 million) from qualifying equity offerings of common stock (plus any net increase to our retained earnings after the original issue date). If the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemed prior to the first dividend payment date falling on or after the second anniversary of the original issue date, the redemption price will be equal to the 1,000 liquidation amount per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. If the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemed on or after such date, the redemption price will be the greater of (a) the 1,000 liquidation amount per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends and (b) the product of the applicable Conversion Rate (as described above) and the average of the market prices per share of our common stock (as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock) over a 20 trading day period beginning on the trading day immediately after we give notice of redemption to the holder (plus any accrued and unpaid dividends). In any redemption, we must redeem at least 25 of the number of Series B Preferred Stock shares originally issued to the UST, unless fewer of such shares are then outstanding (in which case all of the Series B Preferred Stock must be redeemed). 

Effective as of April 9, 2010, we amended our articles of incorporation to delete any reference to par value with respect to our common stock, which previously had a par value of 1.00 per share. The amendment was approved by our board on April 6, 2010, pursuant to the authority granted it under Sections 301a and 611(2) of the Michigan Business Corporation Act. As a result, we reclassified all amounts in capital surplus to common stock on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 

On July 7, 2010 we executed an Investment Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with Dutchess Opportunity Fund, II, LP Dutchess for the sale of up to 1.5 million shares of our common stock. These agreements serve to establish an equity line facility as a contingent source of liquidity at the parent company level. Pursuant to the Investment Agreement, Dutchess committed to purchase up to 15.0 million of our common stock over a 36-month period ending November 1, 2013. We have the right, but no obligation, to draw on this equity line facility from time to time during such 36-month period by selling shares of our common stock to Dutchess. The sales price would be at a 5 discount to the market price of our common stock at the time of the draw; as such market price is determined pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement. During 2010, 0.3 million shares of our common stock were sold to Dutchess pursuant to the Investment Agreement. In order to comply with Nasdaq rules, we would need shareholder approval to sell more than approximately 1.2 million more shares to Dutchess pursuant to the Investment Agreement. We intend to seek such shareholder approval at our 2011 annual shareholder meeting so that we have additional flexibility to take advantage of this contingent source of liquidity. 

79 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

On April 27, 2010, at our annual meeting of shareholders, our shareholders also approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation that allowed us to affect a 1-for-10 reverse stock split. We affected this reverse stock split on August 31, 2010. All common share and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

A reconciliation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Net loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

Preferred dividends 

4,095 

4,301 

215 

Net loss applicable to common stock 

(20,804 

(94,528 

(91,879 

Weighted average shares outstanding for calculation of basic loss per share (1) 

5,090 

2,387 

2,298 

Effect of convertible preferred stock 

36,371 

- 

- 

Stock units for deferred compensation plan for non-employee directors 

7 

7 

6 

Effect of stock options 

- 

- 

1 

Weighted average shares outstanding for calculation of diluted loss per share (2) 

41,468 

2,394 

2,305 

Net loss per common share 

Basic 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

Diluted (2) 

(4.09 

(39.60 

(39.98 

(1) 

Shares outstanding have been adjusted for a 1 for 10 reverse stock split. 

(2) 

For any period in which a loss is recorded, the assumed conversion of convertible preferred stock, assumed exercise of common stock warrants, assumed exercise of stock options and stock units for deferred compensation plan for non-employee directors would have an anti-dilutive impact on the loss per share and thus are ignored in the diluted per share calculation. 

Weighted average stock options outstanding that were not considered in computing diluted earnings (loss) per share because they were anti-dilutive totaled 0.1 million, 0.1 million and 0.2 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The original warrant to purchase 346,154 shares of our common stock was also not considered in computing the loss per share in 2010, 2009 and 2008 as it was anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 13 INCOME TAX 

The composition of income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Current 

(57 

(5,356 

(7,873 

Deferred 

(1,533 

(4,504 

(16,629 

Establishment of valuation allowance 

- 

6,650 

27,565 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,590 

(3,210 

3,063 

The deferred income tax benefit of 1.5 million and 4.5 million during 2010 and 2009 is primarily attributed to the affects of pretax other comprehensive income (loss) while the deferred income tax benefit of 16.6 million in 2008 can be attributed to tax effects of temporary differences. The tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options recorded in shareholders equity was zero during 2010 and 2009 and 0.02 million during 2008. 

80 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A reconciliation of income tax expense (benefit) to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 35 in each year presented to income (loss) before income tax for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Statutory rate applied to income (loss) before income tax 

(6,405 

(32,703 

(31,010 

Net change in valuation allowance 

5,672 

23,999 

27,565 

Tax-exempt income 

(800 

(1,455 

(3,047 

Bank owned life insurance 

(671 

(565 

(682 

Trust preferred securities exchange costs 

352 

- 

- 

Non-deductible meals, entertainment and memberships 

36 

86 

133 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

5,857 

11,172 

Dividends paid to Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

- 

(28 

(145 

Other, net 

226 

1,599 

(923 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,590 

(3,210 

3,063 

Generally, the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to operations is determined without regard to the tax effects of other categories of income or loss, such as other comprehensive income (loss). However, an exception to the general rule is provided when, in the presence of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, there is a pretax loss from operations and pretax income from other categories in the current year. In such instances, income from other categories must offset the current loss from operations, the tax benefit of such offset being reflected in operations. In 2010 and 2009, pretax other comprehensive income of 3.9 million and 11.6 million, respectively, reduced our valuation allowance and resulted in a benefit of 1.4 million and 4.1 million being allocated to the loss from operations. 

We assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets periodically. The realization of deferred tax assets (net of the recorded valuation allowance) is largely dependent upon future taxable income, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and ability to carry-back losses to available tax years. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all positive and negative evidence, including anticipated operating results, taxable income in carry-back years, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. In 2008, our conclusion that we needed a valuation allowance was based on a number of factors, including our declining operating performance since 2005 and our net operating loss in 2008, overall negative trends in the banking industry and our expectation that our operating results would continue to be negatively affected by the overall economic environment. As a result, we recorded a valuation allowance in 2008 of 36.2 million on our deferred tax assets which consisted of 27.6 million recognized as income tax expense and 8.6 million recognized through the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of shareholders equity. The valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2008 of 36.2 million represented our entire net deferred tax asset except for that amount which could be carried back to 2007 and recovered in cash as well as for certain deferred tax assets at Mepco that related to state income taxes and that can be recovered based on Mepco s individual earnings. During 2010 and 2009, we concluded that we needed to continue to carry a valuation allowance based on similar factors discussed above. As a result we recorded an additional valuation allowance of 5.7 million and 24.0 million during 2010 and 2009, respectively. The valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of 65.8 million at December 31, 2010 may be reversed to income in future periods to the extent that the related deferred income tax assets are realized or the valuation allowance is otherwise no longer required. This valuation allowance represents our entire net deferred tax asset except for certain deferred tax assets at Mepco that relate to state income taxes and that can be recovered based on Mepco s individual earnings. 

81 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Deferred tax assets 

Allowance for loan losses 

24,246 

29,290 

Loss carryforwards 

19,049 

14,378 

Vehicle service contract counterparty contingency reserve 

9,779 

4,867 

Purchase premiums, net 

4,847 

5,317 

Valuation allowance on other real estate owned 

3,814 

2,274 

Fixed assets 

2,774 

1,276 

Alternative minimum tax credit carry forward 

2,577 

2,577 

Unrealized loss on securities available for sale 

1,584 

2,414 

Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments 

853 

1,545 

Deferred compensation 

709 

779 

Share based payments 

674 

574 

Unrealized loss on trading securities 

619 

611 

Mepco claims expense 

546 

571 

Non accrual loan interest income 

524 

774 

Other than temporary impairment charge on securities available for sale 

249 

87 

Gross deferred tax assets 

72,844 

67,334 

Valuation allowance 

(65,830 

(60,158 

Total net deferred tax assets 

7,014 

7,176 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Mortgage servicing rights 

5,131 

5,345 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

401 

480 

Deferred loan fees 

283 

477 

Other 

352 

183 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

6,167 

6,485 

Net deferred tax assets 

847 

691 

At December 31, 2010, we had 0.6 million federal capital loss carryforwards that expire in 2014 and federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 55.6 million which, if not used against taxable income, will expire as follows: 

(In thousands) 

2011 

411 

2012 

3,437 

2013 

189 

2019 

194 

2020 

359 

2029 

25,466 

2030 

25,519 

Total 

55,575 

The use of 4.6 million NOL carryforward in the total above, which was acquired through the acquisitions of two financial institutions is limited to 3.3 million per year as the result of a change in control as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. 

82 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Changes in unrecognized tax benefits for the year ended December 31, follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

1,981 

1,736 

2,821 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

445 

443 

483 

Reductions due to the statute of limitations 

(33 

(198 

- 

Reductions based on tax position related to prior years 

- 

- 

(1,513 

Settlements 

- 

- 

(55 

Balance at end of year 

2,393 

1,981 

1,736 

If recognized, the entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits, net of 0.6 million federal tax on state benefits, would affect our effective tax rate. We do not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. No amounts were expensed for interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. No amounts were accrued for interest and penalties at December 31, 2010, 2009 or 2008. At December 31, 2010, U.S. Federal tax years 2007 through the present remain open to examination. 

NOTE 14 SHARE BASED COMPENSATION 

We maintain performance-based compensation plans that include a long-term incentive plan that permits the issuance of share based compensation, including stock options and non-vested share awards. This plan, which is shareholder approved, permits the grant of additional share based awards for up to 0.09 million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2010. Share based compensation awards are measured at fair value at the date of grant and are expensed over the requisite service period. Common shares issued upon exercise of stock options come from currently authorized but unissued shares. 

During the first quarter of 2010 we completed a stock option exchange program under which eligible employees were able to exchange certain stock options for a lesser amount of new stock options. Pursuant to this stock option exchange program, 0.05 million stock options were exchanged for 0.01 million new stock options. The new stock options granted have an exercise price equal to the market value on the date of grant, generally vest over a one year period and have the same expiration dates as the options exchanged which ranged from 1.2 years to 7.2 years. The new options had a value substantially equal to the value of the options exchanged. 

We also granted, pursuant to our performance-based compensation plans 0.03 million stock options to our officers in 2009. We also granted 0.02 million shares of non-vested common stock to these same individuals in 2008. The stock options have an exercise price equal to the market value of the common stock on the date of grant, vest ratably over a three year period and expire 10 years from date of grant. The non-vested common stock cliff vests in five years. 

During 2008 we modified 0.01 million stock options originally issued in prior years for one former officer. These modified options vested immediately and the expense associated with these modifications of 0.01 million in 2008 was included in compensation and benefits expense. The modification consisted of extending the date of exercise subsequent to resignation of the officer from 3 months to 18 months. 

No non-vested share awards were granted during 2010, 2009 or 2008. All unvested share awards currently outstanding were granted under our long-term incentive plan prior to these dates. 

We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to measure compensation cost for stock options and use the market value of the common stock on the date of grant to measure compensation cost for non-vested share awards. We also estimate expected forfeitures over the vesting period. 

83 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total compensation expense recognized for stock option and non-vested common stock grants was 0.5 million, 0.8 million and 0.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The corresponding tax benefit relating to this expense was zero for each period. 

A summary of outstanding stock option grants and transactions follows: 

Number of Shares 

Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) 

Aggregated Intrinsic Value 

(In thousands) 

Outstanding at January 1, 2010 

109,878 

131.89 

Granted 

9,994 

7.00 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Exchanged 

(54,724 

208.60 

Expired 

(8,896 

83.38 

Outstanding at December 31, 2010 

56,252 

42.76 

5.17 

- 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2010 

55,914 

42.93 

5.15 

- 

Exercisable at December 31, 2010 

26,257 

76.82 

3.44 

- 

A summary of non-vested stock and transactions follows: 

Number of Shares 

Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Outstanding at January 1, 2010 

26,251 

92.69 

Granted 

- 

- 

Vested 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2010 

26,251 

92.69 

A summary of the weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model for grants of stock options during 2010 follows: 

2010 

Expected dividend yield 

0.33 

Risk-free interest rate 

2.10 

Expected life (in years) 

4.60 

Expected volatility 

91.77 

Per share weighted-average fair value 

4.97 

The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. The expected life was obtained using the weighted average original contractual term of the stock option. This method was used as relevant historical data of actual exercise activity was not available. The expected volatility was based on historical volatility of our common stock. 

At December 31, 2010, the total expected compensation cost related to non vested stock option and restricted stock awards not yet recognized was 1.1 million. The weighted-average period over which this amount will be recognized is 1.8 years. 

84 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Certain information regarding options exercised during the periods ending December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Intrinsic value 

- 

- 

61 

Cash proceeds received 

- 

- 

51 

Tax benefit realized 

- 

- 

21 

NOTE 15 BENEFIT PLANS 

We maintain 401(k) and employee stock ownership plans covering substantially all of our full-time employees. We have historically matched employee contributions to the 401(k) plan up to a maximum of 3 of participating employees eligible wages. The match of employee contributions was zero in 2010 and 3 in 2009 and 2008. Contributions to the employee stock ownership plan are determined annually and require approval of our Board of Directors. The maximum contribution is 6 of employees eligible wages. The contribution to the employee stock ownership plan was zero in 2010 and 2009 and 3 in 2008, respectively. Amounts expensed for these retirement plans was zero in 2010 and 1.0 million and 2.1 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

Our officers participate in various performance-based compensation plans. Amounts expensed for all incentive plans totaled 0.6 million, 1.1 million, and 2.2 million, in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

We also provide certain health care and life insurance programs to substantially all full-time employees. Amounts expensed for these programs totaled 4.7 million in 2010 and 4.6 million in both 2009 and 2008. These insurance programs are also available to retired employees at their own expense. 

NOTE 16 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

We are required to record derivatives on our consolidated statements of financial condition as assets and liabilities measured at their fair value. The accounting for increases and decreases in the value of derivatives depends upon the use of derivatives and whether the derivatives qualify for hedge accounting. 

Our derivative financial instruments according to the type of hedge in which they are designated at December 31 follow: 

2010 

Notional Amount 

Average Maturity (Years) 

Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Cash Flow Hedge 

Pay-fixed interest-rate swap agreements 

20,000 

2.7 

(1,405 

Interest-rate cap agreements 

5,000 

0.5 

- 

25,000 

2.3 

(1,405 

No hedge designation 

Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments 

40,119 

0.1 

400 

Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans 

90,400 

0.1 

1,375 

Amended Warrant 

2,504 

8.0 

(1,311 

Total 

133,023 

0.2 

464 

85 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2009 

Notional Amount 

Average Maturity (Years) 

Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Cash Flow Hedge 

Pay-fixed interest-rate swap agreements 

115,000 

1.1 

(2,328 

Interest-rate cap agreements 

45,000 

0.4 

(1 

160,000 

0.9 

(2,329 

No hedge designation 

Pay-fixed interest-rate swap agreements 

45,000 

1.7 

(1,930 

Interest-rate cap agreements 

50,000 

0.7 

- 

Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments 

28,952 

0.1 

217 

Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans 

61,140 

0.1 

715 

Total 

185,092 

0.7 

(998 

We have established management objectives and strategies that include interest-rate risk parameters for maximum fluctuations in net interest income and market value of portfolio equity. We monitor our interest rate risk position via simulation modeling reports. The goal of our asset/liability management efforts is to maintain profitable financial leverage within established risk parameters. 

We use variable-rate and short-term fixed-rate (less than 12 months) debt obligations to fund a portion of our balance sheet, which exposes us to variability in interest rates. To meet our objectives, we may periodically enter into derivative financial instruments to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates Cash Flow Hedges ). Cash Flow Hedges currently include certain pay-fixed interest-rate swaps and interest-rate cap agreements. 

Through certain special purposes entities (see note #10) we issued trust preferred securities as part of our capital management strategy. Certain of these trust preferred securities are variable rate which exposes us to variability in cash flows. To mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates, on approximately 20.0 million of variable rate trust preferred securities, we entered into a pay-fixed interest-rate swap agreement in September, 2007. During the fourth quarter of 2009 we elected to defer payment of interest on this variable rate trust preferred security. As a result, this pay-fixed interest rate swap was transferred to a no hedge designation and the 1.6 million unrealized loss which was included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss at the time of the transfer will be reclassified into earnings over the remaining life of this pay-fixed swap. During the second quarter of 2010 we terminated this pay-fixed swap and the unrealized loss will continue to be reclassified into earnings over the remaining original life of the pay-fixed swap. 

Pay-fixed interest-rate swaps convert the variable-rate cash flows on debt obligations to fixed-rates. Under interest-rate cap agreements, we will receive cash if interest rates rise above a predetermined level. As a result, we effectively have variable-rate debt with an established maximum rate. We pay an upfront premium on interest rate caps which is recognized in earnings in the same period in which the hedged item affects earnings. Unrecognized premiums from interest rate caps aggregated to 0.02 million and 0.1 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009 respectively. 

It is anticipated that 0.8 million of unrealized losses on Cash Flow Hedges at December 31, 2010, will be reclassified into earnings over the next twelve months. The maximum term of any Cash Flow Hedge at December 31, 2010 is 4.0 years. 

86 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

We also use long-term, callable fixed-rate brokered certificates of deposit Brokered CDs to fund a portion of our balance sheet. These instruments expose us to variability in fair value due to changes in interest rates. To meet our objectives, we may enter into derivative financial instruments to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in fair values of such callable fixed-rate debt instruments. We did not have any fair value hedges at December 31, 2010 or 2009. In 2008, we had Fair Value Hedges that included pay-variable interest-rate swaps whereby the counterparty had the right to terminate the transaction without paying a fee. During 2008, interest rates declined which caused the counterparties to exercise their right to cancel the pay-variable interest rate swaps. These terminations totaled 318.2 million. 

Certain financial derivative instruments have not been designated as hedges. The fair value of these derivative financial instruments have been recorded on our consolidated statements of financial condition and are adjusted on an ongoing basis to reflect their then current fair value. The changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments not designated as hedges, are recognized in earnings. 

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into rate-lock mortgage loan commitments with customers Rate Lock Commitments ). These commitments expose us to interest rate risk. We also enter into mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans Mandatory Commitments to reduce the impact of price fluctuations of mortgage loans held for sale and Rate Lock Commitments. Mandatory Commitments help protect our loan sale profit margin from fluctuations in interest rates. The changes in the fair value of Rate Lock Commitments and Mandatory Commitments are recognized currently as part of gains on the sale of mortgage loans. We obtain market prices on Mandatory Commitments and Rate Lock Commitments. Net gains on the sale of mortgage loans, as well as net income may be more volatile as a result of these derivative instruments, which are not designated as hedges. 

During 2010, we entered into an amended and restated warrant with the UST that would allow them to purchase our common stock at a fixed price (see note #12). Because of certain anti-dilution features included in the Amended Warrant, it is not considered to be indexed to our common stock and is therefore accounted for as a derivative instrument and recorded as a liability. Any change in value of the Amended Warrant is recorded in other income in our consolidated statements of operations. 

87 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table illustrates the impact that the derivative financial instruments discussed above have on individual line items in the consolidated statements of financial condition for the periods presented: 

Fair Values of Derivative Financial Instruments 

Asset Derivatives 

Liability Derivatives 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2010 

2009 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair Value 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair Value 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair Value 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements 

- 

- 

Other liabilities 

1,405 

Other liabilities 

2,328 

Interest-rate cap agreements 

- 

- 

Other liabilities 

- 

Other liabilities 

1 

Total 

- 

- 

1,405 

2,329 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements 

Other liabilities 

- 

Other liabilities 

1,930 

Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments 

Other assets 

400 

Other assets 

217 

Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans 

Other assets 

1,375 

Other assets 

715 

Amended Warrant 

- 

- 

Other liabilities 

1,311 

Other liabilities 

- 

Total 

1,775 

932 

1,311 

1,930 

Total derivatives 

1,775 

932 

2,716 

4,259 

88 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The effect of derivative financial instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive 

Income (Loss) (Effective Portion) 

Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion) 

Gain (Loss) 

Recognized in Income(1) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Income (Loss) into Income (Effective Portion) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (1) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Cash Flow Hedges 

Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements 

4,024 

4,834 

(4,918 

Interest expense 

(2,627 

(3,110 

(478 

Interest expense 

- 

- 

1 

Interest-rate cap agreements 

180 

871 

1,241 

Interest expense 

(90 

(437 

(774 

Interest expense 

2 

8 

(10 

Total 

4,204 

5,705 

(3,677 

(2,717 

(3,547 

(1,252 

2 

8 

(9 

Fair Value Hedges - pay-variable interest rate swap agreements 

Interest expense 

- 

- 

6 

- 

- 

6 

No hedge designation 

Pay-fixed interest rate swap agreements 

Interest expense 

409 

(120 

(254 

Pay-variable interest rate swap agreements 

Interest expense 

- 

- 

13 

Interest-rate cap agreements 

Interest expense 

- 

5 

(457 

Rate-lock mortgage loan commitments 

Mortgage loan gains 

183 

(622 

887 

Mandatory commitments to sell mortgage loans 

Mortgage loan gains 

660 

1,378 

(600 

Amended Warrant 

Other income 

393 

- 

- 

Total 

1,645 

641 

(411 

(1) 

For cash flow hedges, this location and amount refers to the ineffective portion. 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss included derivative losses of 2.5 million, 4.0 million and 6.2 million at December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

89 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 17 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Certain of our directors and executive officers, including companies in which they are officers or have significant ownership, were loan and deposit customers during 2010 and 2009. 

A summary of loans to directors and executive officers whose borrowing relationship exceeds 60,000, and to entities in which they own a 10 or more voting interest for the years ended December 31 follows: 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year 

599 

363 

New loans and advances 

41 

298 

Repayments 

(369 

(62 

Balance at end of year 

271 

599 

Deposits held by us for directors and executive officers totaled 1.0 million and 0.9 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

NOTE 18 OTHER NON-INTEREST EXPENSES 

Other non-interest expenses for the years ended December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Communications 

4,138 

4,424 

4,018 

Legal and professional 

4,100 

3,222 

2,032 

Supplies 

1,630 

1,835 

2,030 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1,280 

1,930 

3,072 

Other 

6,582 

5,655 

7,639 

Total other non-interest expense 

17,730 

17,066 

18,791 

NOTE 19 LEASES 

We have non-cancelable operating leases for certain office facilities, some of which include renewal options and escalation clauses. 

A summary of future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31, 2010, follows: 

(In thousands) 

2011 

1,455 

2012 

1,248 

2013 

1,140 

2014 

1,019 

2015 

945 

2016 and thereafter 

4,338 

Total 

10,145 

Rental expense on operating leases totaled 1.3 million, 1.2 million and 1.5 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

90 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 20 CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK 

Credit risk is the risk to earnings and capital arising from an obligor s failure to meet the terms of any contract with our organization, or otherwise fail to perform as agreed. Credit risk can occur outside of our traditional lending activities and can exist in any activity where success depends on counterparty, issuer or borrower performance. Concentrations of credit risk (whether on- or off-balance sheet) arising from financial instruments can exist in relation to individual borrowers or groups of borrowers, certain types of collateral, certain types of industries or certain geographic regions. Credit risk associated with these concentrations could arise when a significant amount of loans or other financial instruments, related by similar characteristics, are simultaneously impacted by changes in economic or other conditions that cause their probability of repayment or other type of settlement to be adversely affected. Our major concentrations of credit risk arise by collateral type and by industry. The significant concentrations by collateral type at December 31, 2010 include 773.0 million of loans secured by residential real estate and 68.0 million of construction and development loans. In addition, we have a concentration of credit within the vehicle service contract industry. At December 31, 2010, we had 201.3 million of payment plan receivables. Our recourse for nonpayment of these payment plan receivables is against our counterparties operating within the vehicle service contract industry. 

Additionally, within our commercial real estate and commercial loan portfolio we had significant standard industry classification concentrations in the following categories as of December 31, 2010: Lessors of Nonresidential Real Estate 219.6 million); Lessors of Residential Real Estate 85.1 million); Construction General Contractors and Land Development 67.9 million); and Health Care and Social Assistance 48.5 million). A geographic concentration arises because we primarily conduct our lending activities in the State of Michigan. 

Mepco acquires the payment plans from its counterparties at a discount from the face amount of the payment plan. Each payment plan permits a consumer to purchase a service contract by making monthly payments, generally for a term of 12 to 24 months. Mepco thereafter collects the payments from consumers. If a service contract is cancelled, Mepco typically recovers a portion of the unearned cost of the service contract from the seller and a portion of the unearned cost from the administrator (who, in turn, receives unearned premium from the insurer or risk retention group involved). However, the administrator is generally obligated to refund to Mepco the entire unearned cost of the service contract, including the portion Mepco typically collects from the seller. In addition, as of December 31, 2010, approximately 80 of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables relate to programs in which a third party insurer or risk retention group is obligated to pay Mepco the full refund owing upon cancellation of the related service contract (including with respect to both the portion funded to the service contract seller and the portion funded to the administrator). Another approximately 13 of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables as of December 31, 2010, relate to programs in which a third party insurer or risk retention group is obligated to Mepco to pay the refund owing upon cancellation only with respect to the unearned portion previously funded by Mepco to the administrator (but not to the service contract seller). The balance of Mepco s outstanding payment plan receivables relate to programs in which there is no insurer or risk retention group guarantee of any portion of the refund amount. The sudden failure of one of Mepco s major counterparties (an insurance company, risk retention group, vehicle service contract administrator or seller) could expose us to significant losses. In 2010, we incurred 18.6 million of such losses (compared to 31.2 million in 2009 and 1.0 million in 2008). The determination of losses related to vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies requires a significant amount of judgment because a number of factors can influence the amount of loss that we may ultimately incur. These factors include our estimate of future cancellations of vehicle service contracts, our evaluation of collateral that may be available to recover funds due from our counterparties, and the amount collected from counterparties in connection with their contractual obligations. We apply a rigorous process, based upon observable contract activity and past experience, to estimate probable incurred losses and quantify the necessary reserves for our vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies, but there can be no assurance that our modeling process will successfully identify all such losses. As a result, we could record future losses associated with vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies that may be significantly different than the levels that we recorded over the past three years. 

91 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Mepco monitors counterparty concentrations in order to attempt to manage our exposure for contractual obligations from its counterparties. In addition, even where an insurance company or risk retention group does not have a guarantee obligation to Mepco, the failure of the insurance company or risk retention group could result in a mass cancellation of the vehicle service contracts (and the related payment plans) insured by such entity. Such a mass cancellation would trigger and accelerate the contractual obligations of the counterparties that did have such obligations to Mepco. The counterparty concentration levels are managed based on the AM Best rating and statutory surplus level for an insurance company and on other factors including financial evaluation, collateral, funding holdbacks, guarantees, and distribution of concentrations for vehicle service contract administrators and vehicle service contract sellers/dealers. 

The five largest concentrations by insurance company, risk retention group or other party backing the service contract represents approximately 20.0 , 14.6 , 12.8 , 9.3 and 7.7 , respectively, of Mepco s payment plan receivables at December 31, 2010. 

These companies have provided the insurance coverage for the vehicle service contracts underlying the payment plan receivables; however, these companies are not all obligated to Mepco for the repayment of the payment plan receivables upon cancellation of the underlying vehicle service contracts and payment plans. Mepco has varying levels of recourse against such companies. 

The top five vehicle service contract sellers from which Mepco purchases payment plans represent approximately 14.0 , 10.8 , 10.6 , 9.5 and 8.5 , respectively of Mepco s payment plan receivables at December 31, 2010. As described in note 11 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Mepco s largest counterparty from which it acquired payment plans has defaulted in its obligations to Mepco and is in the process of winding down its operations. 

NOTE 21 REGULATORY MATTERS 

Capital guidelines adopted by Federal and State regulatory agencies and restrictions imposed by law limit the amount of cash dividends our bank can pay to us. Under these guidelines, the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to the bank s current year s net profits, combined with the retained net profits of the preceding two years. It is not our intent to have dividends paid in amounts which would reduce the capital of our bank to levels below those which we consider prudent and in accordance with guidelines of regulatory authorities. 

In December 2009, the Board of Directors of Independent Bank Corporation adopted resolutions (as subsequently amended) that impose the following restrictions: 

We will not pay dividends on our outstanding common stock or the outstanding preferred stock held by the UST and we will not pay distributions on our outstanding trust preferred securities without, in each case, the prior written approval of the FRB and the Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Regulation OFIR 

We will not incur or guarantee any additional indebtedness without the prior approval of the FRB; 

We will not repurchase or redeem any of our common stock without the prior approval of the FRB; and 

We will not rescind or materially modify any of these limitations without notice to the FRB and the OFIR. 

In December 2009, the Board of Directors of Independent Bank, our subsidiary bank, adopted resolutions (as subsequently amended) designed to enhance certain aspects of the bank s performance and, most importantly, to improve the bank s capital position. These resolutions require the following: 

The adoption by the bank of a capital restoration plan as described below; 

92 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The enhancement of the bank s documentation of the rationale for discounts applied to collateral valuations on impaired loans and improved support for the identification, tracking, and reporting of loans classified as troubled debt restructurings; 

The adoption of certain changes and enhancements to our liquidity monitoring and contingency planning and our interest rate risk management practices; 

Additional reporting to the bank s Board of Directors regarding initiatives and plans pursued by management to improve the bank s risk management practices; 

Prior approval of the FRB and the OFIR for any dividends or distributions to be paid by the bank to Independent Bank Corporation; and 

Notice to the FRB and the OFIR of any rescission of or material modification to any of these resolutions. 

The substance of all of the resolutions described above was developed in conjunction with discussions held with the FRB and the OFIR. Based on those discussions, we acted proactively to adopt the resolutions described above to address those areas of the bank s financial condition and operations that we believe most require our focus at this time. It is very possible that if we had not adopted these resolutions, the FRB and the OFIR may have imposed similar requirements on us through a written agreement or similar undertaking. We are not currently subject to any such regulatory agreement or enforcement action. However, we believe that if we are unable to substantially comply with the resolutions set forth above in the near future and if our financial condition and performance do not otherwise improve, we may face additional regulatory scrutiny and restrictions in the form of a written agreement or similar undertaking imposed by the regulators. 

We are also subject to various regulatory capital requirements. The prompt corrective action regulations establish quantitative measures to ensure capital adequacy and require minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to average assets. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly discretionary, actions by regulators that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines, we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures as well as qualitative judgments by the regulators. The most recent regulatory filings as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 categorized our bank as well capitalized. Management is not aware of any conditions or events that would have changed the most recent FDIC categorization. 

93 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Our actual capital amounts and ratios at December 31, follow: 

Actual 

Minimum for 

Adequately Capitalized Institutions 

Minimum for 

Well-Capitalized Institutions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

193,199 

10.99 

140,692 

8.00 

NA 

NA 

Independent Bank 

194,524 

11.06 

140,760 

8.00 

175,950 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

166,048 

9.44 

70,346 

4.00 

NA 

NA 

Independent Bank 

171,947 

9.77 

70,380 

4.00 

105,570 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital to average assets 

Consolidated 

166,048 

6.35 

104,550 

4.00 

NA 

NA 

Independent Bank 

171,947 

6.58 

104,567 

4.00 

130,709 

5.00 

2009 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

233,166 

10.58 

176,333 

8.00 

NA 

NA 

Independent Bank 

228,128 

10.36 

176,173 

8.00 

220,216 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

156,702 

7.11 

88,166 

4.00 

NA 

NA 

Independent Bank 

199,909 

9.08 

88,086 

4.00 

132,130 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital to average assets 

Consolidated 

156,702 

5.27 

119,045 

4.00 

NA 

NA 

Independent Bank 

199,909 

6.72 

118,909 

4.00 

148,636 

5.00 

__________ 

NA - Not applicable 

94 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The components of our regulatory capital are as follows: 

Consolidated 

Independent Bank 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Total shareholders' equity 

119,085 

109,861 

169,986 

196,416 

Add (deduct) 

Qualifying trust preferred securities 

44,084 

41,880 

- 

- 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

13,120 

15,679 

12,201 

14,208 

Intangible assets 

(8,980 

(10,260 

(8,979 

(10,257 

Disallowed capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights 

(527 

(559 

(527 

(559 

Disallowed deferred tax assets 

(780 

- 

(780 

- 

Other 

46 

101 

46 

101 

Tier 1 capital 

166,048 

156,702 

171,947 

199,909 

Qualifying trust preferred securities 

4,584 

48,220 

- 

- 

Allowance for loan losses and allowance for unfunded lending commitments limited to 1.25 of total risk-weighted assets 

22,567 

28,244 

22,577 

28,219 

Total risk-based capital 

193,199 

233,166 

194,524 

228,128 

In January 2010, we adopted a Capital Restoration Plan (the Capital Plan ), as required by the Board resolutions adopted in December 2009, and described above, and submitted such Capital Plan to the FRB and the OFIR. 

The primary objective of our Capital Plan is to achieve and thereafter maintain the minimum capital ratios required by the Board resolutions adopted in December 2009 (as subsequently amended). The minimum capital ratios established by our Board are higher than the ratios required in order to be considered well-capitalized under federal standards. The Board imposed these higher ratios in order to ensure that we have sufficient capital to withstand potential continuing losses based on our elevated level of non-performing assets and given certain other risks and uncertainties we face. As of December 31, 2010, our bank continued to meet the requirements to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards and met one of the minimum capital ratio goals established by our board. 

Set forth below are the actual capital ratios of our subsidiary bank as of December 31, 2010, the minimum capital ratios imposed by the Board resolutions, and the minimum ratios necessary to be considered well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards: 

Independent Bank 

Actual as of 

December 31, 2010 

Minimum Ratios Established by Our Board 

Required to be Well-Capitalized 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

11.06 

11.0 

10.0 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Total Assets 

6.58 

8.0 

5.0 

Our Capital Plan (as modified during 2010) sets forth an objective of achieving these minimum capital ratios as soon as practicable and maintaining such capital ratios through at least the end of 2012. 

If we are unable to achieve both minimum capital ratios set forth in our Capital Plan it may adversely affect our business and financial condition. An inability to improve our capital position would make it very difficult for us to withstand continued losses that we may incur and that may be increased or made more likely as a result of continued economic difficulties and other factors. 

95 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

In addition, we believe that if we are unable to achieve the minimum capital ratios set forth in our Capital Plan within a reasonable time period and if our financial condition and performance otherwise fail to improve, we may not be able to remain well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards. In that case, we also expect our primary bank regulators would impose various regulatory restrictions and requirements on us through a regulatory enforcement action. If we fail to remain well-capitalized under federal regulatory standards, we will be prohibited from accepting or renewing brokered certificates of deposit Brokered CDs without the prior consent of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), which would likely have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. If our regulators take enforcement action against us, it would likely increase our expenses and could limit our business operations. There could be other expenses associated with a continued deterioration of our capital, such as increased deposit insurance premiums payable to the FDIC. At the present time, based on our current forecasts and expectations, we believe that our bank can remain above well-capitalized for regulatory purposes for the foreseeable future, even without additional capital, primarily because of a further decline in total assets (principally loans). 

NOTE 22 FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES 

FASB ASC topic 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC topic 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 

The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1: 

Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Level 1 instruments include securities traded on active exchange markets, such as the New York Stock Exchange, as well as U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets. 

Level 2: 

Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. Level 2 instruments include securities traded in less active dealer or broker markets. 

Level 3: 

Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. 

We used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate fair value: 

Securities: Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities (trading or available for sale) are classified as Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. At December 31, 2010, Level 1 securities included certain preferred stocks included in our trading portfolio for which there are quoted prices in active markets. A trust preferred security included in our available for sale portfolio and classified as Level 1 at December 31, 2009 was sold during the first quarter of 2010. If quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by (1) using quoted market prices of securities with similar characteristics, (2) matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices, or (3) a discounted cash flow analysis whose significant fair value inputs can generally be verified and do not typically involve judgment by management. These securities are classified as Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy and include agency and private label residential mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities, municipal securities and trust preferred securities. Level 3 securities at December 31, 2009 consisted of certain private label residential mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities whose fair values were estimated using an internal discounted cash flow analysis. At December 31, 2009, the underlying loans within these securities included Jumbo (60 ), Alt A (25 and manufactured housing (15 ). Except for the discount rate, the inputs used in this analysis could generally be verified and did not involve judgment by management. The discount rate used (an unobservable input) was established using a multifactored matrix whose base rate was the yield on agency mortgage-backed securities. The analysis added a spread to this base rate based on several credit related factors, including vintage, product, payment priority, credit rating and non performing asset coverage ratio. The add-on for vintage ranged from zero for transactions backed by loans originated before 2003 to 0.525 for the 2007 vintage. Product adjustments to the discount rate were: 0.05 to 0.20 for jumbo, 0.35 to 2.575 for Alt-A, and 3.00 for manufactured housing. Adjustments for payment priority were -0.25 for super seniors, zero for seniors, 1.00 for senior supports and 3.00 for mezzanine securities. The add-on for credit rating ranged from zero for AAA securities to 5.00 for ratings below investment grade. The discount rate for subordination coverage of nonperforming loans ranged from zero for structures with a coverage ratio of more than 10 times to 10.00 if the coverage ratio declined to less than 0.5 times. The discount rate calculation had a minimum add on rate of 0.25 . These discount rate adjustments were reviewed for reasonableness and considered trends in mortgage market credit metrics by product and vintage. The discount rates calculated in this manner were intended to differentiate investments by risk characteristics. Using this approach, discount rates ranged from 4.11 to 16.64 , with a weighted average rate of 8.91 and a median rate of 7.99 . The assumptions used reflected what we believed market participants would use in pricing these assets. See discussion below regarding transfer of these securities from Level 3 to Level 2 pricing during the first quarter of 2010. 

96 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Loans held for sale: The fair value of mortgage loans held for sale is based on mortgage backed security pricing for comparable assets (recurring Level 2). During the fourth quarter of 2009, we transferred a 2.2 million commercial real estate loan from the commercial loan portfolio to held for sale. The fair value of this loan was based on a bid from a buyer and, therefore, is classified as a recurring Level 1 at December 31, 2009. This loan was sold for the recorded amount in January, 2010. 

Impaired loans with specific loss allocations based on collateral value: From time to time, certain loans are considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. We measure our investment in an impaired loan based on one of three methods: the loan s observable market price, the fair value of the collateral or the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. At December 31, 2010, all of our total impaired loans were evaluated based on either the fair value of the collateral or the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an appraised value or when an appraised value is not available we record the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Other real estate: At the time of acquisition, other real estate is recorded at fair value, less estimated costs to sell, which becomes the property s new basis. Subsequent write-downs to reflect declines in value since the time of acquisition may occur from time to time and are recorded in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the property used at and subsequent to the time of acquisition is typically determined by a third party appraisal of the property (nonrecurring Level 3). 

Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights: The fair value of capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights is based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated net servicing income. The valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income. Since the secondary servicing market has not been active since the later part of 2009, model assumptions are generally unobservable and are based upon the best information available including data relating to our own servicing portfolio, reviews of mortgage servicing assumption and valuation surveys and input from various mortgage servicers and, therefore, are recorded as nonrecurring Level 3. 

97 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Derivatives The fair value of interest rate swap agreements and interest rate cap agreements, in general, is determined using a discounted cash flow model whose significant fair value inputs can generally be verified and do not typically involve judgment by management (recurring Level 2). The fair value of the Amended Warrant is determined using a simulation analysis which considers potential outcomes for a large number of independent scenarios regarding the future prices of our common stock and incorporates several unobservable inputs (recurring Level 3). These unobservable inputs include probability of a non-permitted capital raise (40 ), expected discount to stock price in an equity raise (10 ), dollar amount of expected capital raise 100 million) and expected time of equity raise (May, 2011). 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value, including financial liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option, are summarized below: 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Fair Value Measurements 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 

(Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 

(Level 2) 

Significant Un- observable Inputs 

(Level 3) 

December 31, 2010: 

(In thousands) 

Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring basis: 

Assets 

Trading securities 

32 

32 

- 

- 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

13,331 

- 

13,331 

- 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

14,184 

- 

14,184 

- 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

31,259 

- 

31,259 

- 

Trust preferred 

9,090 

- 

9,090 

- 

Loans held for sale 

50,098 

- 

50,098 

- 

Derivatives (1) 

1,775 

- 

1,775 

- 

Liabilities 

Derivatives (2) 

2,716 

- 

1,405 

1,311 

Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring basis: 

Assets 

Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights (3) 

9,019 

- 

- 

9,019 

Impaired loans (4) 

28,935 

- 

- 

28,935 

Other real estate (5) 

13,095 

- 

- 

13,095 

December 31, 2009: 

Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring basis: 

Assets 

Trading securities 

54 

54 

- 

- 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed 

47,522 

- 

47,522 

- 

Private label residential mortgage-backed 

30,975 

- 

- 

30,975 

Other asset-backed 

5,505 

- 

- 

5,505 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

67,132 

- 

67,132 

- 

Trust preferred 

13,017 

612 

12,405 

- 

Loans held for sale 

34,234 

2,200 

32,034 

- 

Derivatives (1) 

932 

- 

932 

- 

Liabilities 

Derivatives (2) 

4,259 

- 

4,259 

- 

Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring basis: 

Assets 

Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights (3) 

9,599 

- 

- 

9,599 

Impaired loans (4) 

49,819 

- 

- 

49,819 

Other real estate (5) 

10,497 

- 

- 

10,497 

(1) 

Included in accrued income and other assets 

(2) 

Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

(3) 

Only includes servicing rights that are carried at fair value due to recognition of a valuation allowance. 

(4) 

Only includes impaired loans with specific loss allocations based on collateral value. 

(5) 

Only includes other real estate with subsequent write downs to fair value. 

98 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Changes in fair values for financial assets which we have elected the fair value option for the periods presented were as follows: 

Changes in Fair Values for the Years Ended December 31 for Items Measured at Fair Value Pursuant to Election 

of the Fair Value Option 

Net Gains (Losses) on Assets 

Total Change in Fair Values Included in 

Securities 

Loans 

Current Period Earnings 

(In thousands) 

2010 

Trading securities 

(22 

- 

(22 

Loans held for sale 

- 

(378 

(378 

2009 

Trading securities 

954 

- 

954 

Loans held for sale 

- 

(404 

(404 

2008 

Trading securities 

(10,386 

- 

(10,386 

Loans held for sale 

- 

682 

682 

For those items measured at fair value pursuant to our election of the fair value option, interest income is recorded within the consolidated statements of operations based on the contractual amount of interest income earned on these financial assets and dividend income is recorded based on cash dividends. 

The following represent impairment charges recognized during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 relating to assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: 

Capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights, whose individual strata are measured at fair value had a carrying amount of 9.0 million which is net of a valuation allowance of 3.2 million at December 31, 2010 and had a carrying amount of 9.6 million which is net of a valuation allowance of 2.3 million at December 31, 2009. A recovery (charge) of (0.9) million, 2.3 million and (4.3) million was included in our results of operations for the years ending December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

Loans which are measured for impairment using the fair value of collateral for collateral dependent loans, had a carrying amount of 41.0 million, with a valuation allowance of 12.1 million at December 31, 2010 and had a carrying amount of 71.6 million, with a valuation allowance of 21.8 million at December 31, 2009. An additional provision for loan losses relating to impaired loans of 12.0 million, 34.3 million and 33.5 million was included in our results of operations for the years ending December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

Other real estate, which is measured using the fair value of the property, had a carrying amount of 13.1 million which is net of a valuation allowance of 10.9 million at December 31, 2010 and a carrying amount of 10.5 million which is net of a valuation allowance of 6.5 million at December 31, 2009. An additional charge relating to ORE measured at fair value of 6.2 million, 5.6 million and 2.4 million was included in our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

99 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A reconciliation for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended December 31, follows: 

Asset 

(Liability) 

Securities Available for Sale 

Amended Warrant 

2010 

2009 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Beginning balance 

36,480 

- 

- 

- 

Total gains (losses) realized and unrealized: 

Included in results of operations 

132 

(52 

393 

- 

Included in other comprehensive income 

1,713 

(325 

- 

- 

Purchases, issuances, settlements, maturities and calls 

(16,940 

(10,524 

(1,704 

- 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

(21,385 

47,381 

- 

- 

Ending balance 

- 

36,480 

(1,311 

- 

Amount of total gains (losses) for the year included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets and liabilities still held at December 31 

- 

(65 

393 

- 

During the first quarter of 2009, certain private label residential mortgage- and other asset-backed securities totaling 47.4 million were transferred to a level 3 valuation technique. We believe that market dislocation for these securities began in the last four months of 2008, particularly after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008. Since the disruption was very recent and historically there exists seasonally poor liquidity conditions at year end, we decided that it was appropriate to retain Level 2 pricing in 2008 and continue to monitor and review market conditions as we moved into 2009. During the first quarter of 2009 market conditions did not improve, in fact we believe market conditions worsened due to continued declines in residential home prices, increased consumer credit delinquencies, high levels of foreclosures, continuing losses at many financial institutions, and further weakness in the U.S. and global economies. This resulted in the market for these securities being extremely dislocated, Level 2 pricing not being based on orderly transactions and such pricing possibly being described as based on distressed sales . As a result, we determined that it was appropriate to modify the discount rate in the valuation model described above which resulted in these securities being reclassified to Level 3 pricing in the first quarter of 2009. 

During the first quarter of 2010, we transferred these private label residential mortgage- and other asset-backed securities, totaling 21.4 million, to a Level 2 valuation technique. In the first quarter of 2010, while this market was still closed to new issuance, secondary market trading activity increased and appeared to be more orderly than compared to 2009. In addition, many bonds were trading at levels near their economic value with fewer distressed valuations relative to 2009. Prices for many securities had been rising, due in part to negative new supply. This improvement in trading activity was supported by sales of 11 securities with a par value of 14.2 million at a 0.2 million gain during the first quarter of 2010 (none of these securities were originally purchased at a discount). The Level 2 valuation technique has also been supported through bids received from dealers on certain private label securities that approximated Level 2 pricing. 

During 2010, we entered into an amended and restated warrant with the UST that would allow them to purchase our common stock at a fixed price (see note #12). Because of certain anti-dilution features included in the Amended Warrant, it is not considered to be indexed to our common stock and is therefore accounted for as a derivative instrument (see note #16). Any change in value of this warrant is recorded in other income in our consolidated statements of financial condition. We determined the fair value of the Amended Warrant using a simulation analysis which considers potential outcomes for a large number of independent scenarios regarding the future prices of our common stock. The simulation analysis relies on a binomial lattice model, a standard technique usually applied to the valuation of stock options. The binomial lattice maps out possible price paths of our common stock, the underlying asset of the Amended Warrant. The simulation is based on a 500-step lattice covering the term of the Amended Warrant. The binomial lattice requires specification of 14 variables, of which several are unobservable in the market. As a result of these unobservable inputs, the resulting fair value of the Amended Warrant was classified as Level 3 pricing. 

100 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table reflects the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding for loans held for sale for which the fair value option has been elected at December 31. 

Aggregate Fair Value 

Difference 

Contractual Principal 

(In thousands) 

Loans held for sale 

2010 

50,098 

(100 

50,198 

2009 

34,234 

278 

33,956 

NOTE 23 FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Most of our assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments. Many of these financial instruments lack an available trading market and it is our general practice and intent to hold the majority of our financial instruments to maturity. Significant estimates and assumptions were used to determine the fair value of financial instruments. These estimates are subjective in nature, involving uncertainties and matters of judgment, and therefore, fair values cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Estimated fair values have been determined using available data and methodologies that are considered suitable for each category of financial instrument. For instruments with adjustable-interest rates which reprice frequently and without significant credit risk, it is presumed that estimated fair values approximate the recorded book balances. 

Financial instrument assets actively traded in a secondary market, such as securities, have been valued using quoted market prices while recorded book balances have been used for cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits and accrued interest. 

It is not practicable to determine the fair value of FHLB and FRB Stock due to restrictions placed on transferability. 

The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting estimated future cash flows using estimated market discount rates that reflect credit and interest-rate risk inherent in the loans. 

Financial instrument liabilities with a stated maturity, such as certificates of deposit and other borrowings, have been valued based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows using a discount rate approximating current market rates for liabilities with a similar maturity. 

Subordinated debentures have generally been valued based on a quoted market price of the specific or similar instruments. 

Derivative financial instruments have principally been valued based on discounted value of contractual cash flows using a discount rate approximating current market rates. 

Financial instrument liabilities without a stated maturity, such as demand deposits, savings, NOW and money market accounts, have a fair value equal to the amount payable on demand. 

101 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The estimated fair values and recorded book balances at December 31 follow: 

2010 

2009 

Recorded Book Balance 

Estimated Fair Value 

Recorded Book Balance 

Estimated Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks 

48,900 

48,900 

65,200 

65,200 

Interest bearing deposits 

336,400 

336,400 

223,500 

223,500 

Trading securities 

30 

30 

50 

50 

Securities available for sale 

67,900 

67,900 

164,200 

164,200 

Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve 

Bank Stock 

23,600 

NA 

27,900 

NA 

Net loans and loans held for sale 

1,795,300 

1,736,600 

2,251,900 

2,178,000 

Accrued interest receivable 

7,100 

7,100 

8,900 

8,900 

Derivative financial instruments 

1,800 

1,800 

900 

900 

Liabilities 

Deposits with no stated maturity 

1,447,500 

1,447,500 

1,394,400 

1,394,400 

Deposits with stated maturity 

804,300 

814,900 

1,171,300 

1,183,200 

Other borrowings 

71,000 

75,000 

131,200 

136,300 

Subordinated debentures 

50,200 

19,300 

92,900 

46,500 

Accrued interest payable 

3,600 

3,600 

4,500 

4,500 

Derivative financial instruments 

2,700 

2,700 

4,300 

4,300 

The fair values for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are estimated to approximate their aggregate book balance, which is nominal. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale the entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. 

Fair value estimates are based on existing on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business, the value of future earnings attributable to off-balance sheet activities and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. 

Fair value estimates for deposit accounts do not include the value of the core deposit intangible asset resulting from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of borrowing funds in the market. 

NOTE 24 OPERATING SEGMENTS 

Our reportable segments are based upon legal entities. We have two reportable segments: Independent Bank IB and Mepco. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. We evaluate performance based principally on net income (loss) of the respective reportable segments. 

In the normal course of business, our IB segment provides funding to our Mepco segment through an intercompany line of credit priced at Prime beginning on January 1, 2010 and priced principally based on Brokered certificate of deposit CD rates prior to that time. Our IB segment also provides certain administrative services to our Mepco segment which reimburses at an agreed upon rate. These intercompany transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. The only other material intersegment balances and transactions are investments in subsidiaries at the parent entities and cash balances on deposit at our IB segment. 

102 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A summary of selected financial information for our reportable segments follows: 

IB 

Mepco(1) 

Other(2) 

Elimination(3) 

Total 

(In thousands) 

2010 

Total assets 

2,270,881 

265,201 

176,740 

(177,574 

2,535,248 

Interest income 

111,470 

37,381 

- 

- 

148,851 

Net interest income 

87,521 

28,602 

(4,470 

- 

111,653 

Provision for loan losses 

47,093 

(328 

- 

- 

46,765 

Income (loss) before income tax 

(27,763 

(2,264 

11,823 

(95 

(18,299 

Net income (loss) 

(27,049 

(1,388 

11,823 

(95 

(16,709 

2009 

Total assets 

2,539,315 

424,094 

210,634 

(208,679 

2,965,364 

Interest income 

136,051 

53,005 

- 

- 

189,056 

Net interest income 

95,190 

49,953 

(6,620 

- 

138,523 

Provision for loan losses 

103,007 

311 

- 

- 

103,318 

Income (loss) before income tax 

(76,888 

(9,106 

(7,349 

(94 

(93,437 

Net income (loss) 

(71,095 

(11,689 

(7,636 

193 

(90,227 

2008 

Total assets 

2,638,092 

312,710 

290,993 

(285,550 

2,956,245 

Interest income 

170,588 

33,148 

- 

- 

203,736 

Net interest income 

110,788 

26,503 

(7,142 

- 

130,149 

Provision for loan losses 

71,077 

36 

- 

- 

71,113 

Income (loss) before income tax 

(96,824 

17,274 

(8,956 

(95 

(88,601 

Net income (loss) 

(92,551 

10,729 

(9,780 

(62 

(91,664 

__________ 

(1) 

Total assets include gross finance receivables of 0.1 million and 1.6 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009 from customers domiciled in Canada. This amount represents less than 1 of total finance receivables outstanding. We anticipate this balance to decline in future periods. There were no finance receivables for customers domiciled in Canada in 2008. 

(2) 

Includes amounts relating to our parent company and certain insignificant operations. Net income (loss) in 2010 includes parent company's 18.1 million gain on extinguishment of debt. 

(3) 

Includes parent company's investment in subsidiaries and cash balances maintained at subsidiary. 

103 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 25 INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Presented below are condensed financial statements for our parent company. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

4,719 

9,488 

Investment in subsidiaries 

171,493 

199,207 

Other assets 

528 

1,939 

Total Assets 

176,740 

210,634 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Subordinated debentures 

50,175 

92,888 

Other liabilities 

8,112 

8,611 

Shareholders equity 

118,453 

109,135 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

176,740 

210,634 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

OPERATING INCOME 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

18,066 

- 

- 

Dividends from subsidiaries 

- 

- 

6,000 

Other income 

500 

175 

199 

Total Operating Income 

18,566 

175 

6,199 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Interest expense 

4,470 

6,620 

7,142 

Administrative and other expenses 

2,273 

904 

2,013 

Total Operating Expenses 

6,743 

7,524 

9,155 

Income (Loss) Before Income Tax and Equity in Undistributed Net 

Loss of Subsidiaries 

11,823 

(7,349 

(2,956 

Income tax expense 

- 

(287 

(824 

Income (Loss) Before Equity in Undistributed Net Loss of Subsidiaries 

11,823 

(7,636 

(3,780 

Equity in undistributed net loss of subsidiaries 

(28,532 

(82,591 

(87,884 

Net Loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

104 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Net Loss 

(16,709 

(90,227 

(91,664 

ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET LOSS TO NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(18,066 

- 

- 

Depreciation, amortization of intangible assets and premiums, and accretion of discounts on securities and loans 

2 

2 

4 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

- 

343 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

(618 

(411 

3,220 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

1,977 

4,531 

(391 

Equity in undistributed net loss of subsidiaries operations 

28,532 

82,591 

87,884 

Total Adjustments 

11,827 

86,713 

91,060 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

(4,882 

(3,514 

(604 

CASH FLOW USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment in subsidiaries 

- 

(13,000 

(53,600 

CASH FLOW FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

1,118 

1,852 

1,892 

Extinguishment of debt, net 

(1,005 

- 

- 

Dividends paid 

- 

(3,384 

(7,769 

Repayment of long-term debt 

- 

- 

(3,000 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

- 

- 

68,421 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock warrants 

- 

- 

3,579 

Net Cash From (Used in) Financing Activities 

113 

(1,532 

63,123 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

(4,769 

(18,046 

8,919 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 

9,488 

27,534 

18,615 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

4,719 

9,488 

27,534 

105 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 26 MANAGEMENT PLANS 

Our operating results since 2007 have been negatively impacted by the difficult economic conditions in Michigan s Lower Peninsula. Elevated credit costs, including our provision for loan losses, loan and collection costs, and losses on ORE, and in 2009 and 2010, losses related to vehicle service contract counterparty contingencies, have resulted in substantial losses over the past three years and reduced our capital. As discussed in note 21, we have adopted a Capital Plan, which includes a series of actions designed to increase our common equity capital, decrease our expenses and enable us to withstand and better respond to current market conditions and the potential for worsening market conditions. A primary objective of the Capital Plan is to achieve and thereafter maintain certain minimum capital ratios for the bank. These minimum capital ratios are 8 for Tier 1 Capital to Average Total Assets and 11 for Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets. As of December 31, 2010, the bank s Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets ratio exceeded the target of 11 . Further, we have completed two elements of the Capital Plan including: (a) on April 16, 2010, we closed a transaction with the UST for the exchange of 72 million of Series A Preferred Stock that the UST acquired pursuant to the TARP Capital Purchase Program for new shares of Series B Preferred Stock. A key benefit of this transaction was obtaining the right, under the terms of the new Series B Preferred Stock, to compel the conversion of this stock into shares of our common stock, provided that we meet certain conditions; and (b) on June 23, 2010, we exchanged 5.1 million shares of our common stock (having a fair value of approximately 23.5 million on the date of the exchange) for 41.4 million in liquidation amount of trust preferred securities and 2.3 million of accrued and unpaid interest on such securities. These two transactions were intended to improve our ability to successfully raise additional capital through an offering of our common stock, which is the last component of the Capital Plan. At the present time, based on our current forecasts and expectations, we believe that our bank can remain above well-capitalized for regulatory purposes for the foreseeable future, even without additional capital, primarily because of a projected further decline in total assets (principally loans). As a result of these expectations with respect to the bank s regulatory capital ratios, and in light of our continued improvements in asset quality and other positive indicators, we are reevaluating our alternatives in connection with any common stock offering. This evaluation will take into account our ongoing operating results, as well as input from our financial advisors and the UST. 

106 

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

A summary of selected quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31 follows: 

Three Months Ended 

March 31, 

June 30, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

2010 

Interest income 

41,244 

38,492 

35,687 

33,428 

Net interest income 

30,031 

28,571 

26,985 

26,066 

Provision for loan losses 

17,014 

12,680 

9,543 

7,528 

Income (loss) before income tax 

(14,101 

8,040 

(7,588 

(4,650 

Net income (loss) 

(13,837 

7,884 

(6,610 

(4,146 

Net income (loss) applicable to common stock 

(14,914 

6,771 

(7,719 

(4,942 

Income (loss) per common share 

Basic 

(6.21 

2.37 

(1.03 

(0.65 

Diluted 

(6.21 

0.44 

(1.03 

(0.65 

2009 

Interest income 

47,565 

48,144 

47,905 

45,442 

Net interest income 

34,347 

35,519 

35,259 

33,398 

Provision for loan losses 

30,124 

25,659 

22,425 

25,110 

Loss before income tax 

(18,304 

(6,120 

(19,402 

(49,611 

Net loss 

(18,597 

(5,161 

(18,314 

(48,155 

Net loss applicable to common stock 

(19,672 

(6,236 

(19,389 

(49,231 

Loss per common share 

Basic 

(8.42 

(2.60 

(8.07 

(20.49 

Diluted 

(8.42 

(2.60 

(8.07 

(20.49 

During the fourth quarter of 2010 we recognized losses on other real estate of 4.8 million (see note #5) and recognized a recovery on our capitalized mortgage loan servicing rights of 2.7 million (see note #4). During the second quarter of 2010 we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of 18.1 million (see note #10). During the fourth quarter of 2009 we recognized a 19.5 million expense for vehicle service contract counterparty risk (see notes #11 and #20) and 16.7 million of goodwill impairment (see note #7). 

QUARTERLY SUMMARY 

Reported Sale Prices of Common Shares 

2010 

2009 

Cash Dividends Declared 

High 

Low 

Close 

High 

Low 

Close 

2010 

2009 

First quarter 

12.00 

6.43 

7.00 

30.00 

9.00 

23.40 

- 

0.10 

Second quarter 

20.80 

3.40 

3.79 

29.00 

11.10 

13.20 

- 

0.10 

Third quarter 

4.20 

1.38 

1.39 

21.60 

10.90 

19.00 

- 

0.10 

Fourth quarter 

2.06 

1.00 

1.30 

18.90 

5.90 

7.20 

- 

- 

We have approximately 2,400 holders of record of our common stock. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market System under the symbol IBCP. The prices shown above are supplied by Nasdaq and reflect the inter-dealer prices and may not include retail markups, markdowns or commissions. There may have been transactions or quotations at higher or lower prices of which we are not aware. 

In addition to the provisions of the Michigan Business Corporation Act, our ability to pay dividends is limited by our ability to obtain funds from our bank and by regulatory capital guidelines applicable to us (see note #21). 

107 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 5
 ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex21.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

State of Incorporation 

IBC Capital Finance II Ionia, Michigan 

Delaware 

IBC Capital Finance III Ionia, Michigan 

Delaware 

IBC Capital Finance IV Ionia, Michigan 

Delaware 

Midwest Guaranty Trust I Ionia, Michigan 

Delaware 

Independent Bank Ionia, Michigan 

Michigan 

IBC Financial Services, Inc., Grand Rapids, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Independent Title Services, Inc., Grand Rapids, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Mepco Finance Corporation ("Mepco"), Chicago, Illinois (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Mepco Acceptance Corp., Chicago, Illinois (a subsidiary of Mepco) 

California 

Dutton Development, LLC, Ionia, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Jarco Investments, LLC, Ionia, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Eaton Investments, LLC, Ionia, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

IBC Property Management, LLC, Ionia, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Land Holdings, LLC, Ionia, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Cal Land Investments, LLC, Ionia, MI (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

Independent Life Insurance Trust, Ionia, Michigan (a subsidiary of Independent Bank) 

Michigan 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

ex23.htm 

EXHIBIT 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-47352, 333-32269, 333-32267, 333-89072 and 333-125484) on Forms S-8 of Independent Bank Corporation of our report dated March 10 , 2011 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Independent Bank Corporation, which report appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

/s/ Crowe Horwath LLP 

Grand Rapids, Michigan 

March 10 , 2011 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex31_1.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael M. Magee, Jr., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15.15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10 , 2011 

/s/ Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex31_2.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Robert N. Shuster, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15.15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10 , 2011 

/s/ Robert N. Shuster 

Robert N. Shuster 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex32_1.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATE OF THE 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002: 

I, Michael M. Magee, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Independent Bank Corporation, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1) 

The annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2010, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and; 

(2) 

The information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2010, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Independent Bank Corporation. 

Date: March 10 , 2011 

/s/ Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Independent Bank Corporation and will be retained by Independent Bank Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex32_2.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATE OF THE 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002: 

I, Robert N. Shuster, Chief Financial Officer of Independent Bank Corporation, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1) 

The annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2010, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and; 

(2) 

The information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2010, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Independent Bank Corporation. 

Date: March 10 , 2011 

/s/ Robert N. Shuster 

Robert N. Shuster 

Chief Financial Officer 

The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Independent Bank Corporation and will be retained by Independent Bank Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 ex99_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

ex99_1.htm 

EXHIBIT 99.1 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 111(b)(4) of the 

Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 

I, Michael M. Magee Jr., certify, based on my knowledge, that: 

(i) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation has discussed, reviewed, and evaluated with senior risk officers at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, senior executive officer (SEO) compensation plans and employee compensation plans and the risks these plans pose to Independent Bank Corporation; 

(ii) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation has identified and limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period any features of the SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Independent Bank Corporation and has identified any features of the employee compensation plans that pose risks to Independent Bank Corporation and has limited those features to ensure that Independent Bank Corporation is not unnecessarily exposed to risks; 

(iii) 

The compensation committee has reviewed, at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, the terms of each employee compensation plan and identified any features of the plan that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Independent Bank Corporation to enhance the compensation of an employee, and has limited any such features; 

(iv) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation will certify to the reviews of the SEO compensation plans and employee compensation plans required under (i) and (iii) above; 

(v) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation will provide a narrative description of how it limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period the features in: 

(A) 

SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Independent Bank Corporation; 

(B) 

Employee compensation plans that unnecessarily expose Independent Bank Corporation to risks; and 

(C) 

Employee compensation plans that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Independent Bank Corporation to enhance the compensation of an employee; 

(vi) 

Independent Bank Corporation has required that bonus payments to SEOs or any of the next twenty most highly compensated employees, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA (bonus payments), be subject to a recovery or clawback provision during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period if the bonus payments were based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria; 

(vii) 

Independent Bank Corporation has prohibited any golden parachute payment, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to a SEO or any of the next five most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(viii) 

Independent Bank Corporation has limited bonus payments to its applicable employees in accordance with section 111 of EESA and the regulations and guidance established thereunder during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(ix) 

Independent Bank Corporation and its employees have complied with the excessive or luxury expenditures policy, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; and any expenses that, pursuant to the policy, required approval of the board of directors, a committee of the board of directors, an SEO, or an executive officer with a similar level of responsibility were properly approved; 

(x) 

Independent Bank Corporation will permit a non-binding shareholder resolution in compliance with any applicable Federal securities rules and regulations on the disclosures provided under the Federal securities laws related to SEO compensation paid or accrued during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xi) 

Independent Bank Corporation will disclose the amount, nature, and justification for the offering, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, of any perquisites, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, whose total value exceeds 25,000 for any employee who is subject to the bonus payment limitations identified in paragraph (viii); 

(xii) 

Independent Bank Corporation will disclose whether Independent Bank Corporation, the board of directors of Independent Bank Corporation, or the compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation has engaged during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period a compensation consultant; and the services the compensation consultant or any affiliate of the compensation consultant provided during this period; 

(xiii) 

Independent Bank Corporation has prohibited the payment of any gross-ups, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to the SEOs and the next twenty most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xiv) 

Independent Bank Corporation has substantially complied with all other requirements related to employee compensation that are provided in the agreement between Independent Bank Corporation and Treasury, including any amendments; 

(xv) 

Independent Bank Corporation has submitted to Treasury a complete and accurate list of the SEOs and the twenty next most highly compensated employees for the current fiscal year, with the non-SEOs ranked in descending order of level of annual compensation, and with the name, title, and employer of each SEO and most highly compensated employee identified; and 

(xvi) 

I understand that a knowing and willful false or fraudulent statement made in connection with this certification may be punished by fine, imprisonment, or both. (See, for example 18 U.S.C. 1001.) 

Date: March 10 , 2011 

/s/ Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

Michael M. Magee, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 12
 ex99_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.2

ex99_2.htm 

EXHIBIT 99.2 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORPORATION 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 111(b)(4) of the 

Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 

I, Robert N. Shuster, certify, based on my knowledge, that: 

(i) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation has discussed, reviewed, and evaluated with senior risk officers at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, senior executive officer (SEO) compensation plans and employee compensation plans and the risks these plans pose to Independent Bank Corporation; 

(ii) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation has identified and limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period any features of the SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Independent Bank Corporation and has identified any features of the employee compensation plans that pose risks to Independent Bank Corporation and has limited those features to ensure that Independent Bank Corporation is not unnecessarily exposed to risks; 

(iii) 

The compensation committee has reviewed, at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, the terms of each employee compensation plan and identified any features of the plan that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Independent Bank Corporation to enhance the compensation of an employee, and has limited any such features; 

(iv) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation will certify to the reviews of the SEO compensation plans and employee compensation plans required under (i) and (iii) above; 

(v) 

The compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation will provide a narrative description of how it limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period the features in: 

(A) 

SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Independent Bank Corporation; 

(B) 

Employee compensation plans that unnecessarily expose Independent Bank Corporation to risks; and 

(C) 

Employee compensation plans that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Independent Bank Corporation to enhance the compensation of an employee; 

(vi) 

Independent Bank Corporation has required that bonus payments to SEOs or any of the next twenty most highly compensated employees, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA (bonus payments), be subject to a recovery or clawback provision during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period if the bonus payments were based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria; 

(vii) 

Independent Bank Corporation has prohibited any golden parachute payment, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to a SEO or any of the next five most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(viii) 

Independent Bank Corporation has limited bonus payments to its applicable employees in accordance with section 111 of EESA and the regulations and guidance established thereunder during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(ix) 

Independent Bank Corporation and its employees have complied with the excessive or luxury expenditures policy, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; and any expenses that, pursuant to the policy, required approval of the board of directors, a committee of the board of directors, an SEO, or an executive officer with a similar level of responsibility were properly approved; 

(x) 

Independent Bank Corporation will permit a non-binding shareholder resolution in compliance with any applicable Federal securities rules and regulations on the disclosures provided under the Federal securities laws related to SEO compensation paid or accrued during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xi) 

Independent Bank Corporation will disclose the amount, nature, and justification for the offering, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, of any perquisites, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, whose total value exceeds 25,000 for any employee who is subject to the bonus payment limitations identified in paragraph (viii); 

(xii) 

Independent Bank Corporation will disclose whether Independent Bank Corporation, the board of directors of Independent Bank Corporation, or the compensation committee of Independent Bank Corporation has engaged during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period a compensation consultant; and the services the compensation consultant or any affiliate of the compensation consultant provided during this period; 

(xiii) 

Independent Bank Corporation has prohibited the payment of any gross-ups, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to the SEOs and the next twenty most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xiv) 

Independent Bank Corporation has substantially complied with all other requirements related to employee compensation that are provided in the agreement between Independent Bank Corporation and Treasury, including any amendments; 

(xv) 

Independent Bank Corporation has submitted to Treasury a complete and accurate list of the SEOs and the twenty next most highly compensated employees for the current fiscal year, with the non-SEOs ranked in descending order of level of annual compensation, and with the name, title, and employer of each SEO and most highly compensated employee identified; and 

(xvi) 

I understand that a knowing and willful false or fraudulent statement made in connection with this certification may be punished by fine, imprisonment, or both. (See, for example 18 U.S.C. 1001.) 

Date: March 10 , 2011 

/s/ Robert N. Shuster 

Robert N. Shuster 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-99.2>

