<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20110225_10-K_edgar_data_105634_0000950123-11-018213.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5510934</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>344807</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1166476</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1502259</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>805075</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1241026</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950123-11-018213.hdr.sgml : 20110225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20110225061313
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-11-018213
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20101231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20110225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20110225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMCOR GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000105634
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL WORK [1731]
		IRS NUMBER:				112125338
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08267
		FILM NUMBER:		11638385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MERRITT SEVEN CORPORATE PK
		STREET 2:		6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-849-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MERRITT SEVEN CORPORATE PARK
		STREET 2:		6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JWP INC/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JAMAICA WATER PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WELSBACH CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19761119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Qz+A9K6LJVe2pt5RAyabKhfawsYTn7HY/SV2YEDRM8X3pNuJ7/8VIyousnZTRZUb
 oKQvzJt+qUMnuqibe0p8pg==

 0000950123-11-018213.txt : 20110225

10-K
 1
 y88228e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
 COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C.
 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 or 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
 OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2010 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
 OF 1934

For the Transition Period
 from to 

Commission file Number 1-8267 

EMCOR GROUP, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as
 Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization)

11-2125338 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)

301 Merritt Seven 
 Norwalk, Connecticut 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)

06851-1092 
 (Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:
 (203) 849-7800 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock 

New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange
 Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has
 filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
 electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 
 (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to submit and post such
 files). Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 (Section 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be
 contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
 definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
 reference in Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in Rule
 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated
 filer Accelerated
 filer Non-accelerated
 filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
 Smaller reporting
 company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by
 non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
 1,292,000,000 as of the last business day of the
 registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
 based upon the closing sale price on the New York Stock Exchange
 reported for such date. Shares of common stock held by each
 officer and director and by each person who owns 5 or more of
 the outstanding common stock (based solely on filings of such 5 
 holders) have been excluded from such calculation as such
 persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of
 affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
 for other purposes.

Number of shares of the registrant s common stock
 outstanding as of the close of business on February 22,
 2011: 66,683,968 shares.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III. Portions of the definitive proxy statement for
 the 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which document will be
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
 Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end
 of the fiscal year to which this
 Form 10-K 
 relates, are incorporated by reference into Items 10
 through 14 of Part III of this
 Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1.

Business

General

1

Operations

2

Competition

4

Employees

5

Backlog

5

Available Information

5

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

6

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

11

Item 2.

Properties

12

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

16

Item 4.

(Removed and Reserved)

16

Executive Officers of the Registrant

17

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

18

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data

20

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations

21

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

36

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

37

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure

73

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

73

Item 9B.

Other Information

73

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

74

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

74

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
 and Related Stockholder Matters

74

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence

74

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

74

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

75

[This Page Intentionally Left
 Blank]

FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 

Certain information included in this report, or in other
 materials we have filed or will file with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the SEC (as well as
 information included in oral statements or other written
 statements made or to be made by us) contains or may contain
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the 1995
 Act ). Such statements are being made pursuant to the 1995
 Act and with the intention of obtaining the benefit of the
 Safe Harbor provisions of the 1995 Act.
 Forward-looking statements are based on information available to
 us and our perception of such information as of the date of this
 report and our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and
 projections about the industries in which we operate and the
 beliefs and assumptions of our management. You can identify
 these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
 historical or current facts. They contain words such as
 anticipate, estimate, 
 expect, project, intend, 
 plan, believe, may, 
 can, could, might, 
 variations of such wording and other words or phrases of similar
 meaning in connection with a discussion of our future operating
 or financial performance, and other aspects of our business,
 including market share growth, gross profit, project mix,
 projects with varying profit margins, selling, general and
 administrative expenses, and trends in our business and other
 characterizations of future events or circumstances. From time
 to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our
 other periodic reports on
 Forms 10-Q 
 and 8-K, in
 press releases, in our presentations, on our web site and in
 other material released to the public. Any or all of the
 forward-looking statements included in this report and in any
 other reports or public statements made by us are only
 predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
 assumptions, including those identified below in the Risk
 Factors section, the Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations section, and other sections of this report, and
 in our
 Forms 10-Q 
 for the three months ended March 31, 2010, June 30,
 2010 and September 30, 2010 and in other reports filed by
 us from time to time with the SEC as well as in press releases,
 in our presentations, on our web site and in other material
 released to the public. Such risks, uncertainties and
 assumptions are difficult to predict, beyond our control and may
 turn out to be inaccurate causing actual results to differ
 materially from those that might be anticipated from our
 forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
 publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a
 result of new information, future events or otherwise. However,
 any further disclosures made on related subjects in our
 subsequent reports on
 Forms 10-K, 
 10-Q and
 8-K should
 be consulted.

[This Page Intentionally Left
 Blank]

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

References to the Company, EMCOR, 
 we, us, our and similar
 words refer to EMCOR Group, Inc. and its consolidated
 subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise.

General 

We are one of the largest electrical and mechanical construction
 and facilities services firms in the United States, Canada,
 the United Kingdom and in the world. In 2010, we had revenues of
 approximately 5.1 billion. We provide services to a broad
 range of commercial, industrial, utility and institutional
 customers through over 70 operating subsidiaries and joint
 venture entities. Our offices are located in the United States,
 Canada and the United Kingdom. Our executive offices are located
 at 301 Merritt Seven, Norwalk, Connecticut
 06851-1092, 
 and our telephone number at those offices is
 (203) 849-7800. 

We specialize principally in providing construction services
 relating to electrical and mechanical systems in facilities of
 all types and in providing comprehensive services for the
 operation, maintenance and management of substantially all
 aspects of such facilities, commonly referred to as
 facilities services. 

We design, integrate, install,
 start-up, 
 operate and maintain various electrical and mechanical systems,
 including:

Electric power transmission and distribution systems;

Premises electrical and lighting systems;

Low-voltage systems, such as fire alarm, security and process
 control systems;

Voice and data communications systems;

Roadway and transit lighting and fiber optic lines;

Heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration and
 clean-room process ventilation systems;

Fire protection systems;

Plumbing, process and high-purity piping systems;

Water and wastewater treatment systems; and

Central plant heating and cooling systems.

Our facilities services operations, many of which support the
 operation of a customer s facilities, include:

Industrial maintenance and services;

Outage services to utilities and industrial plants;

Commercial and government site-based operations and maintenance;

Military base operations support services;

Mobile maintenance and services;

Facilities management;

Installation and support for building systems;

Program development, management and maintenance for energy
 systems;

Shop and
 on-site 
 field services for refineries and petrochemical plants;

Technical consulting and diagnostic services;

Infrastructure and building projects for federal, state and
 local governmental agencies and bodies;

Small modification and retrofit projects; and

Retrofit projects to comply with clean air laws.

Facilities services are provided to a wide range of commercial,
 industrial, utility and institutional facilities, including
 those to which we also provide construction services and others
 to which construction services are provided by others. Many of
 our varied

1

facilities services are often combined to provide integrated
 service packages, which include operations and maintenance,
 mobile mechanical services, energy management and facility
 improvement programs.

We provide construction services and facilities services
 directly to corporations, municipalities and other governmental
 entities, owners/developers, and tenants of buildings. We also
 provide these services indirectly by acting as a subcontractor
 to general contractors, systems suppliers, property managers and
 other subcontractors. Worldwide, as of December 31, 2010,
 we had over 24,000 employees.

Our revenues are derived from many different customers in
 numerous industries, which have operations in several different
 geographical areas. Of our 2010 revenues, approximately 86 were
 generated in the United States and approximately 14 were
 generated internationally. In 2010, approximately 42 of
 revenues were derived from new construction projects, 19 were
 derived from renovation and retrofit of customer s existing
 facilities, and 39 were derived from facilities services
 operations.

The broad scope of our operations is more particularly described
 below. For information regarding the revenues and operating
 income of each of our segments with respect to each of the last
 three years, total assets of each of our segments with respect
 to each of the last two years, and our revenues and assets
 attributable to the United States, Canada, the United
 Kingdom and all other foreign countries, see
 Note 18 Segment Information of the notes to
 consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Operations 

The electrical and mechanical construction services industry has
 grown over the years due principally to the increased content,
 complexity and sophistication of electrical and mechanical
 systems, as well as the installation of more technologically
 advanced voice and data communications, lighting and
 environmental control systems in all types of facilities in
 large part due to the integration of digital processing and
 information technology in all types of projects. For these
 reasons, buildings need extensive electrical distribution
 systems. In addition, advanced voice and data communication
 systems require more sophisticated power supplies and extensive
 low-voltage and fiber-optic communications cabling. Moreover,
 the need for substantial environmental controls within a
 building, due to the heightened need for climate control to
 maintain extensive computer systems at optimal temperatures, and
 the demand for energy savings and environmental control in
 individual spaces have over the years expanded opportunities for
 our electrical and mechanical services businesses. The demand
 for these services is typically driven by non-residential
 construction and renovation activity.

Electrical and mechanical construction services primarily
 involve the design, integration, installation and
 start-up of:
 (a) electric power transmission and distribution systems,
 including power cables, conduits, distribution panels,
 transformers, generators, uninterruptible power supply systems
 and related switch gear and controls; (b) premises
 electrical and lighting systems, including fixtures and
 controls; (c) low-voltage systems, such as fire alarm,
 security and process control systems; (d) voice and data
 communications systems, including fiber-optic and low-voltage
 cabling; (e) roadway and transit lighting and fiber-optic
 lines; (f) heating, ventilation, air conditioning,
 refrigeration and clean-room process ventilation systems;
 (g) fire protection systems; (h) plumbing, process and
 high-purity piping systems; (i) water and wastewater
 treatment systems; and (j) central plant heating and
 cooling systems.

Electrical and mechanical construction services generally fall
 into one of two categories: (a) large installation projects
 with contracts often in the multi-million dollar range that
 involve construction of industrial and commercial buildings and
 institutional and public works facilities or the fit-out of
 large blocks of space within commercial buildings and
 (b) smaller installation projects typically involving
 fit-out, renovation and retrofit work.

Our United States electrical and mechanical construction
 services operations accounted for about 52 of our 2010
 revenues, of which revenues of approximately 68 were related to
 new construction and approximately 32 were related to
 renovation and retrofit projects. Our United Kingdom and Canada
 electrical and mechanical construction services operations
 accounted for approximately 9 of our 2010 revenues, of which
 revenues of approximately 71 were related to new construction
 and approximately 29 were related to renovation and retrofit
 projects. We provide electrical and mechanical construction
 services for both large and small installation and renovation
 projects. Our largest projects have included those: (a) for
 institutional use (such as water and wastewater treatment
 facilities, hospitals, correctional facilities and research
 laboratories); (b) for industrial use (such as
 pharmaceutical plants, steel, pulp and paper mills, chemical,
 food, automotive and semiconductor manufacturing facilities and
 oil refineries); (c) for transportation projects (such as
 highways, airports and transit systems); (d) for commercial
 use (such as office buildings, data centers, hotels, casinos,
 convention centers, sports stadiums, shopping malls and
 resorts); and (e) for power generation and energy
 management projects. Our largest projects, which typically range
 in size from 10.0 million up to and

2

occasionally exceeding 150.0 million and are frequently
 multi-year projects, represented approximately 39 of our
 construction services revenues in 2010.

Our projects of less than 10.0 million accounted for
 approximately 61 of our 2010 electrical and mechanical
 construction services revenues. These projects are typically
 completed in less than one year. They usually involve electrical
 and mechanical construction services when an end-user or owner
 undertakes construction or modification of a facility to
 accommodate a specific use. These projects frequently require
 electrical and mechanical systems to meet special needs such as
 critical systems power supply, fire protection systems, special
 environmental controls and high-purity air systems,
 sophisticated electrical and mechanical systems for data
 centers, trading floors in financial services businesses, new
 production lines in manufacturing plants and office arrangements
 in existing office buildings. They are not usually dependent
 upon the new construction market. Demand for these projects and
 types of services is often prompted by the expiration of leases,
 changes in technology, or changes in the customer s plant
 or office layout in the normal course of a customer s
 business.

We have a broad customer base with many long-standing
 relationships. We perform services pursuant to contracts with
 owners, such as corporations, municipalities and other
 governmental entities, general contractors, systems suppliers,
 construction managers, developers, other subcontractors and
 tenants of commercial properties. Institutional and public works
 projects are frequently long-term complex projects that require
 significant technical and management skills and the financial
 strength to obtain bid and performance bonds, which are often a
 condition to bidding for and winning these projects.

We also install and maintain lighting for streets, highways,
 bridges and tunnels, traffic signals, computerized traffic
 control systems, and signal and communication systems for mass
 transit systems in several metropolitan areas. In addition, in
 the United States, we manufacture and install sheet metal air
 handling systems for both our own mechanical construction
 operations and for unrelated mechanical contractors. We also
 maintain welding and pipe fabrication shops in support of some
 of our mechanical operations.

Our United States facilities services operations provide
 facilities services to a wide range of commercial, industrial
 and institutional facilities, including both those for which we
 have provided construction services and those for which
 construction services were provided by others. Facilities
 services are frequently bundled to provide integrated service
 packages and are provided on a mobile basis or by our employees
 based at customer sites. Through a recent acquisition of a
 government infrastructure project company headquartered in
 Jacksonville, Florida, we now offer diversified prime
 contracting services to federal and state government agencies
 and local municipalities.

These facilities services, which generated approximately 39 of
 our 2010 revenues, are provided to owners, operators, tenants
 and managers of all types of facilities both on a contract basis
 for a specified period of time and on an individual task order
 basis. Of our 2010 facilities services revenues, approximately
 86 were generated in the United States and approximately 14 
 were generated internationally.

Our facilities services operations have built on our traditional
 electrical and mechanical services operations, facilities
 services activities at our electrical and mechanical contracting
 subsidiaries, and our client relationships, as well as
 acquisitions, to expand the scope of services being offered and
 to develop packages of services for customers on a regional and
 national basis.

Our United States facilities services segment offers a broad
 range of facilities services, including maintenance and service
 of electrical and mechanical systems, industrial maintenance and
 services, including outage services to utilities and industrial
 plants, commercial and government site-based operations and
 maintenance, military base operations support services, mobile
 maintenance and services, facilities management, installation
 and support for building systems, program development,
 management and maintenance of energy systems, technical
 consulting and diagnostic services, infrastructure and building
 projects for federal, state and local governmental agencies and
 bodies, small modification and retrofit projects and retrofit
 projects to comply with clean air laws.

Demand for our facilities services is often driven by
 customers decisions to focus on their own core
 competencies, customers programs to reduce costs, the
 increasing technical complexity of their facilities and their
 mechanical, electrical, voice and data and other systems, and
 the need for increased reliability, especially in electrical and
 mechanical systems. These trends have led to outsourcing and
 privatization programs whereby customers in both the private and
 public sectors seek to contract out those activities that
 support, but are not directly associated with, the
 customer s core business. Clients of our facilities
 services business include the federal government, utilities,
 independent power producers, refineries, pulp and paper
 producers and major corporations engaged in information
 technology, telecommunications, pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals,
 financial services, publishing and other manufacturing.

In Washington D.C., we provide facilities services at a number
 of preeminent buildings, including those that house the Secret
 Service, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the World
 Bank, the Department of Veteran Affairs, and the Department of

3

Health and Human Services. We also provide facilities services
 to a number of military bases, including base operations support
 services to the Navy Capital Region, which, among other
 facilities, includes the Bethesda Naval Hospital, the Naval
 Research Laboratory and the Washington Navy Yard. We are also
 involved in joint ventures providing facilities services to the
 Navy, including one providing facilities services to the Naval
 Submarine Base in Bangor, Washington and the Naval Hospital in
 Bremerton, Washington. The agreements pursuant to which this
 division provides services to the federal government are subject
 to renegotiation of terms and prices by the government,
 termination by the government prior to the expiration of the
 term, and non-renewal.

Our facilities services operations also provide aftermarket
 maintenance and repair services, replacement parts and
 fabrication services for highly engineered shell and tube heat
 exchangers for refineries and the petrochemical industry. We
 provide in-shop repairs and customized design and manufacturing
 for heat exchangers, as well as related equipment on the
 U.S. Gulf Coast and at a facility in the Los Angeles,
 California area and provide cleaning services for heat
 exchangers at one of our Texas facilities. In addition, we
 provide aftermarket maintenance of shell and tube heat
 exchangers in the field. These services are tailored to meet
 customer needs for scheduled turnarounds or specialty callout
 service. We also have embedded multi-year contracts with
 refineries pursuant to which our crews and equipment are located
 at customers plants, allowing our employees to perform
 specialty services for heat exchangers and related equipment on
 a daily basis.

We currently provide facilities services in a majority of the
 states in the United States and as part of our operations are
 responsible for: (a) the oversight of all or most of the
 facilities operations of a business, including operation and
 maintenance; (b) the oversight of logistical processes;
 (c) servicing, upgrade and retrofit of HVAC, electrical,
 plumbing and industrial piping and sheet metal systems in
 existing facilities; (d) diagnostic and solution
 engineering for building systems and their components;
 (e) maintenance and support services to manufacturers and
 power producers; and (f) shop and
 on-site 
 field services for refineries and petrochemical plants.

Our facilities services operations also provide energy services,
 which include the design, construction and operation of energy
 related projects and facilities on a turnkey basis. Currently,
 we operate several central heating and cooling plants/power and
 cogeneration facilities and provide maintenance services for
 high-voltage and boiler systems under multi-year contracts. In
 addition, we provide consulting and national program energy
 management services under multi-year agreements and energy
 efficiency system retrofits.

Our United Kingdom subsidiary also has a division that focuses
 on facilities services. This division currently provides a broad
 range of facilities services under multi-year agreements to
 public and private sector customers, including airlines,
 airports, real estate property managers, manufacturers and
 governmental agencies.

We believe that our electrical and mechanical construction
 services and facilities services operations are complementary,
 permitting us to offer customers a comprehensive package of
 services. Our ability to offer construction services and
 facilities services enhances our competitive position with
 customers. Furthermore, our revenues from our facilities
 services operations tend to be less cyclical than our
 construction operations because facilities services are more
 responsive to the needs of an industry s operational
 requirements rather than its construction requirements.

Competition 

We believe that the electrical and mechanical construction
 services business is highly fragmented and our competition
 includes thousands of small companies across the United States
 and around the world. We also compete with national, regional
 and local companies, many of which are small, owner-operated
 entities that carry on their businesses in a limited geographic
 area. However, there are a few United States based public
 companies focused on providing either electrical or mechanical
 construction services, such as Integrated Electrical Services,
 Inc. and Comfort Systems USA, Inc. A majority of our revenues
 are derived from projects requiring competitive bids; however,
 an invitation to bid is often conditioned upon prior experience,
 technical capability and financial strength. Because we have
 total assets, annual revenues, net worth, access to bank credit
 and surety bonding and expertise significantly greater than most
 of our competitors, we believe we have a significant competitive
 advantage over our competitors in providing electrical and
 mechanical construction services. Competitive factors in the
 electrical and mechanical construction services business
 include: (a) the availability of qualified
 and/or 
 licensed personnel; (b) reputation for integrity and
 quality; (c) safety record; (d) cost structure;
 (e) relationships with customers; (f) geographic
 diversity; (g) the ability to control project costs;
 (h) experience in specialized markets; (i) the ability
 to obtain surety bonding; (j) adequate working capital;
 (k) access to bank credit; and (l) price. However, there
 are relatively few significant barriers to entry to several
 types of our construction services business.

While the facilities services business is also highly fragmented
 with most competitors operating in a specific geographic region,
 a number of large United States based corporations such as
 Johnson Controls, Inc., Fluor Corp., UNICCO Service Company, the

4

Washington Division of URS Corporation, CB Richard Ellis,
 Inc., Jones Lang LaSalle and ABM Facility Services are engaged
 in this field, as are large original equipment manufacturers
 such as Carrier Corp. and Trane Air Conditioning. With respect
 to our industrial services operations, we are the leading North
 American provider of aftermarket maintenance and repair
 services, replacement parts and fabrication services for highly
 engineered shell and tube heat exchangers. The key competitive
 factors in the facilities services business include price,
 service, quality, technical expertise, geographic scope and the
 availability of qualified personnel and managers. Due to our
 size, both financial and geographic, and our technical
 capability and management experience, we believe we are in a
 strong competitive position in the facilities services business.

Employees 

At December 31, 2010, we employed over 24,000 people,
 approximately 65 of whom are represented by various unions
 pursuant to more than 400 collective bargaining agreements
 between our individual subsidiaries and local unions. We believe
 that our employee relations are generally good. Only two of
 these collective bargaining agreements are national or regional
 in scope.

Backlog 

We had backlog as of December 31, 2010 of approximately
 3.42 billion, compared with backlog of approximately
 3.15 billion as of December 31, 2009. Backlog
 increases with awards of new contracts and decreases as we
 perform work on existing contracts. Backlog is not a term
 recognized under United States generally accepted accounting
 principles; however, it is a common measurement used in our
 industry. Backlog includes unrecognized revenues to be realized
 from uncompleted construction contracts plus unrecognized
 revenues expected to be realized over the remaining term of the
 facilities services contracts. However, if the remaining term of
 a facilities services contract exceeds 12 months, the
 unrecognized revenues attributable to such contract included in
 backlog are limited to only the next 12 months of revenues.

Available
 Information 

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, which we refer to as the SEC . These
 filings are available to the public over the internet at the
 SEC s web site at
 http://www.sec.gov. 
 You may also read and copy any document we file at the
 SEC s public reference room located at
 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
 Please call the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330 
 for further information on the public reference room.

Our Internet address is www.emcorgroup.com. We make available
 free of charge on or through www.emcorgroup.com our annual
 reports on
 Form 10-K, 
 quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 current reports on
 Form 8-K, 
 and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
 practicable after we electronically file such material with, or
 furnish it to, the SEC.

Our Board of Directors has an audit committee, a compensation
 and personnel committee, and a nominating and corporate
 governance committee. Each of these committees has a formal
 charter. We also have Corporate Governance Guidelines, which
 include guidelines regarding related party transactions, a Code
 of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial
 Officers, and a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for
 Directors, Officers and Employees. Copies of these charters,
 guidelines and codes, and any waivers or amendments to such
 codes which are applicable to our executive officers, senior
 financial officers or directors, can be obtained free of charge
 from our web site, www.emcorgroup.com.

In addition, you may request a copy of the foregoing filings
 (excluding exhibits), charters, guidelines and codes and any
 waivers or amendments to such codes which are applicable to our
 executive officers, senior financial officers or directors, at
 no cost by writing to us at EMCOR Group, Inc., 301 Merritt
 Seven, Norwalk,
 CT 06851-1092, 
 Attention: Corporate Secretary, or by telephoning us at
 (203) 849-7800. 

5

ITEM 1A. 

RISK
 FACTORS 

Our business is subject to a variety of risks, including the
 risks described below as well as adverse business and market
 conditions and risks associated with foreign operations. The
 risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones
 facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or
 not described below which we have not determined to be material
 may also impair our business operations. You should carefully
 consider the risks described below, together with all other
 information in this report, including information contained in
 the Business, Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
 Risk sections. If any of the following risks actually
 occur, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be adversely affected, and we may not be able
 to achieve our goals. Such events may cause actual results to
 differ materially from expected and historical results, and the
 trading price of our common stock could decline.

The economic downturn has lead to a reduction in demand for
 our construction services. Negative conditions in the credit
 markets may continue to adversely impact our ability to operate
 our business. The level of demand for construction
 services from our clients has been, and will likely continue to
 be, adversely impacted by the downturn in the industries we
 service, as well as in the economy in general. As the general
 level of economic activity has slowed, certain of our ultimate
 customers have delayed or cancelled, and may continue to delay
 or cancel, projects or capital spending, especially with respect
 to more profitable private sector work, and this downturn has
 adversely affected our ability to continue to grow and has
 resulted in a reduction in our revenues and profitability, and
 is likely to continue to adversely affect our revenues and
 profitability. A number of economic factors, including financing
 conditions for the industries we serve, have adversely affected,
 and may continue to adversely affect, our ultimate customers and
 their ability or willingness to fund capital expenditures in the
 future or pay for past services. General concerns about the
 fundamental soundness of domestic and foreign economies have
 caused and may continue to cause ultimate customers to defer
 projects even if they have credit available to them.
 Continuation or further worsening of financial and macroeconomic
 conditions could have a significant adverse effect on our
 revenues and profitability.

Many of our clients depend on the availability of credit to help
 finance their capital and maintenance projects. During 2009 and
 continued in 2010, the availability of credit tightened in spite
 of governmental efforts to increase liquidity and reduce
 interest rates. This situation has negatively impacted the
 ability of existing and prospective ultimate customers to fund
 projects we might otherwise perform, particularly those in the
 more profitable private sector. As a result, certain ultimate
 customers have deferred and others may defer such projects for
 an unknown, and perhaps lengthy, period. Such deferrals have
 inhibited our growth and adversely affected our results of
 operations and are likely to continue to have an adverse impact
 on our results of operations.

In a weak economic environment, particularly in a period of
 restrictive credit markets, we may experience greater
 difficulties in collecting payments from, and negotiating change
 orders
 and/or 
 claims with, our clients due to, among other reasons, a
 diminution in our ultimate customers access to the credit
 markets. If clients delay in paying or fail to pay a significant
 amount of our outstanding receivables, or we fail to
 successfully negotiate a significant portion of our change
 orders
 and/or 
 claims with clients, it could have an adverse effect on our
 liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.

Our business is vulnerable to the cyclical nature of the
 markets in which our clients operate and is dependent upon the
 timing and funding of new awards. We provide
 construction and maintenance services to ultimate customers
 operating in a number of markets which have been, and we expect
 will continue to be, cyclical and subject to significant
 fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control,
 including economic conditions and changes in client spending.

Regardless of economic or market conditions, investment
 decisions by our ultimate customers may vary by location or as a
 result of other factors like the availability of labor or
 relative construction costs. Because we are dependent on the
 timing and funding of new awards, we are therefore vulnerable to
 changes in our clients markets and investment decisions.
 Our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general
 economy and, therefore, may not recover as quickly as the
 economy at large.

Our business may be affected by current government budget
 deficits. Significant budget deficits faced by the
 federal, state and local governments may result in their
 curtailment of future spending on government infrastructure
 projects
 and/or 
 expenditures, from which expenditures some of our businesses
 derive a significant portion of revenue.

An increase in the prices of certain materials used in our
 businesses could adversely affect our businesses. We
 are exposed to market risk of fluctuations in certain commodity
 prices of materials, such as copper and steel, which are used as
 components of supplies or materials utilized in both our
 construction and facilities services operations. We are also
 exposed to increases in energy prices, particularly as they
 relate to gasoline prices for our fleet of over 8,000 vehicles.
 Most of our contracts do not allow us to adjust our prices and,
 as a result, increases in material or fuel costs could reduce
 our profitability with respect to projects in progress.

Our industry is highly competitive. Our industry is
 served by numerous small, owner-operated private companies, a
 few public companies and several large regional companies. In
 addition, relatively few barriers prevent entry into most of our
 businesses. As a

6

result, any organization that has adequate financial resources
 and access to technical expertise may become one of our
 competitors. Competition in our industry depends on numerous
 factors, including price. Certain of our competitors have lower
 overhead cost structures and, therefore, are able to provide
 their services at lower rates than we are currently able to
 provide. In addition, some of our competitors have greater
 resources than we do. We cannot be certain that our competitors
 will not develop the expertise, experience and resources
 necessary to provide services that are superior in quality and
 lower in price to ours. Similarly, we cannot be certain that we
 will be able to maintain or enhance our competitive position
 within the industry or maintain a customer base at current
 levels. We may also face competition from the in-house service
 organizations of existing or prospective customers, particularly
 with respect to facilities services. Many of our customers
 employ personnel who perform some of the same types of
 facilities services that we do. We cannot be certain that our
 existing or prospective customers will continue to outsource
 facilities services in the future.

We are a decentralized company, which presents certain
 risks. While we believe decentralization has enhanced
 our growth and enabled us to remain responsive to opportunities
 and to our customers needs, it necessarily places
 significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of
 local management. This presents various risks, including the
 risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to
 problems affecting a key business than we would in a more
 centralized environment.

Our business may also be affected by adverse weather
 conditions. Adverse weather conditions, particularly
 during the winter season, could affect our ability to perform
 efficient work outdoors in certain regions of the United States,
 the United Kingdom and Canada. As a result, we could experience
 reduced revenues. In addition, cooler than normal temperatures
 during the summer months could reduce the need for our services,
 and we may experience reduced revenues and profitability during
 the period such unseasonal weather conditions persist.

Our business may be affected by the work
 environment. We perform our work under a variety of
 conditions, including but not limited to, difficult terrain,
 difficult site conditions and busy urban centers where delivery
 of materials and availability of labor may be impacted,
 clean-room environments where strict procedures must be
 followed, and sites which may have been exposed to environmental
 hazards. Performing work under these conditions can negatively
 affect efficiency and, therefore, our profitability.

Our dependence upon fixed price contracts could adversely
 affect our business. We currently generate, and expect
 to continue to generate, a significant portion of our revenues
 from fixed price contracts. We must estimate the total costs of
 a particular project to bid for fixed price contracts. The
 actual cost of labor and materials, however, may vary from the
 costs we originally estimated. These variations, along with
 other risks, inherent in performing fixed price contracts, may
 cause actual gross profits from projects to differ from those we
 originally estimated and could result in reduced profitability
 or losses on projects. Depending upon the size of a particular
 project, variations from the estimated contract costs can have a
 significant impact on our operating results for any fiscal
 quarter or year.

We could incur additional costs to cover
 guarantees. In some instances, we guarantee completion
 of a project by a specific date or price, achievement of certain
 performance standards or performance of our services at a
 certain standard of quality. If we subsequently fail to meet
 such guarantees, we may be held responsible for costs resulting
 from such failures. Such a failure could result in our payment
 of liquidated or other damages. To the extent that any of these
 events occur, the total costs of a project could exceed the
 original estimated costs, and we would experience reduced
 profits or, in some cases, a loss.

Many of our contracts, especially our facilities services
 contracts, may be canceled on short notice, and we may be
 unsuccessful in replacing such contracts if they are canceled or
 as they are completed or expire. We could experience a
 decrease in revenues, net income and liquidity if any of the
 following occur:

customers cancel a significant number of contracts;

we fail to win a significant number of our existing contracts
 upon re-bid;

we complete a significant number of non-recurring projects and
 cannot replace them with similar projects; or

we fail to reduce operating and overhead expenses consistent
 with any decrease in our revenues.

We may be unsuccessful in generating internal growth. Our
 ability to generate internal growth will be affected by, among
 other factors, our ability to:

expand the range of services offered to customers to address
 their evolving needs;

attract new customers; and

increase the number of projects performed for existing customers.

In addition, existing and potential customers have reduced, and
 may continue to reduce, the number or size of projects available
 to us due to their inability to obtain capital or pay for
 services provided or because of general economic conditions.
 Many of the

7

factors affecting our ability to generate internal growth are
 beyond our control, and we cannot be certain that our strategies
 will be successful or that we will be able to generate cash flow
 sufficient to fund our operations and to support internal
 growth. If we are not successful, we may not be able to achieve
 internal growth, expand operations or grow our business.

The departure of key personnel could disrupt our
 business. We depend on the continued efforts of our
 senior management. The loss of key personnel, or the inability
 to hire and retain qualified executives, could negatively impact
 our ability to manage our business. However, we have executive
 development and management succession plans in place in order to
 minimize any such negative impact.

We may be unable to attract and retain skilled
 employees. Our ability to grow and maintain
 productivity and profitability will be limited by our ability to
 employ, train and retain skilled personnel necessary to meet our
 requirements. We are dependent upon our project managers and
 field supervisors who are responsible for managing our projects;
 and there can be no assurance that any individual will continue
 in his or her capacity for any particular period of time, and
 the loss of such qualified employees could have an adverse
 effect on our business. We cannot be certain that we will be
 able to maintain an adequate skilled labor force necessary to
 operate efficiently and to support our business strategy or that
 labor expenses will not increase as a result of a shortage in
 the supply of these skilled personnel. Labor shortages or
 increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our
 business or grow our revenues.

Our unionized workforce could adversely affect our
 operations. As of December 31, 2010, approximately
 65 of our employees were covered by collective bargaining
 agreements. Although the majority of these agreements prohibit
 strikes and work stoppages, we cannot be certain that strikes or
 work stoppages will not occur in the future. However, only two
 of our collective bargaining agreements are national or regional
 in scope, and not all of our collective bargaining agreements
 expire at the same time. Strikes or work stoppages would
 adversely impact our relationships with our customers and could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. We contribute to many
 multi-employer union pension funds based upon wages paid to our
 union employees. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security
 Act, we may become liable for our proportionate share of a
 multi-employer pension plan s underfunding, if we cease to
 contribute to that pension plan or significantly reduce the
 employees in respect of which we make contributions to that
 pension plan. See Note 15 Retirement Plans of the
 notes to consolidated financial statements for additional
 information regarding multi-employer pension plans.

Fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates impact our
 financial results. We have significant foreign
 operations in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in 2010
 accounted, in the aggregate, for 14 of our revenues. Our
 reported financial condition and results of operations are
 exposed to the effects (both positive and negative) that
 fluctuating exchange rates have on the process of translating
 the financial statements of our international operations, which
 are denominated in local currencies, into the U.S. dollar.

Our failure to comply with environmental laws could result in
 significant liabilities. Our operations are subject to
 various laws, including environmental laws and regulations,
 among which many deal with the handling and disposal of asbestos
 and other hazardous or universal waste products, PCBs and fuel
 storage. A violation of such laws and regulations may expose us
 to various claims, including claims by third parties, as well as
 remediation costs and fines. We own and lease many facilities.
 Some of these facilities contain fuel storage tanks, which may
 be above or below ground. If these tanks were to leak, we could
 be responsible for the cost of remediation as well as potential
 fines. As a part of our business, we also install fuel storage
 tanks and are sometimes required to deal with hazardous
 materials, all of which may expose us to environmental liability.

In addition, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of
 existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously
 unknown contamination or leaks, or the imposition of new
 clean-up 
 requirements could require us to incur significant costs or
 become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could
 harm our financial condition and results of operations, although
 certain of these costs might be covered by insurance. In some
 instances, we have obtained indemnification or covenants from
 third parties (including predecessors or lessors) for such
 clean-up and
 other obligations and liabilities that we believe are adequate
 to cover such obligations and liabilities. However, such
 third-party indemnities or covenants may not cover all of such
 costs or third-party indemnitors may default on their
 obligations. In addition, unanticipated obligations or
 liabilities, or future obligations and liabilities, may have a
 material adverse effect on our business operations. Further, we
 cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, or be
 indemnified for, all potential environmental liabilities
 relating to any acquired business.

Adverse resolution of litigation and other legal proceedings
 may harm our operating results or financial
 condition. We are a party to lawsuits and other legal
 proceedings, most of which are in the normal course of our
 business. Litigation and other legal proceedings can be
 expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations.
 Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult
 to predict. An unfavorable resolution of a particular legal
 proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 operating results, financial condition, and in some cases, on
 our reputation or our ability to obtain projects from

8

customers, including governmental entities. See Item 3.
 Legal Proceedings, for more information regarding certain legal
 proceedings in which we are involved.

Opportunities within the government sector could lead to
 increased governmental regulation applicable to us and
 unrecoverable startup costs. Most government contracts
 are awarded through a regulated competitive bidding process. As
 we pursue increased opportunities in the government arena,
 particularly in our facilities services segment,
 management s focus associated with the
 start-up and
 bidding process may be diverted away from other opportunities.
 If we are to be successful in being awarded additional
 government contracts, a significant amount of costs could be
 required before any revenues are realized from these contracts.
 In addition, as a government contractor we are subject to a
 number of procurement rules and other regulations, any deemed
 violation of which could lead to fines or penalties or a loss of
 business. Government agencies routinely audit and investigate
 government contractors. Government agencies may review a
 contractor s performance under its contracts, cost
 structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and
 standards. If government agencies determine through these audits
 or reviews that costs are improperly allocated to specific
 contracts, they will not reimburse the contractor for those
 costs or may require the contractor to refund previously
 reimbursed costs. If government agencies determine that we are
 engaged in improper activity, we may be subject to civil and
 criminal penalties and debarment or suspension from doing
 business with the government. Government contracts are also
 subject to renegotiation of profit by the government,
 termination by the government prior to the expiration of the
 term and non-renewal by the government.

A significant portion of our business depends on our ability
 to provide surety bonds. We may be unable to compete for or work
 on certain projects if we are not able to obtain the necessary
 surety bonds. Our construction contracts frequently require
 that we obtain from surety companies and provide to our
 customers payment and performance bonds as a condition to the
 award of such contracts. Such surety bonds secure our payment
 and performance obligations.

Surety market conditions have in recent years become more
 difficult due to the economy and the regulatory environment.
 Consequently, less overall bonding capacity is available in the
 market than in the past, and surety bonds have become more
 expensive and restrictive. Further, under standard terms in the
 surety market, surety companies issue bonds on a
 project-by-project 
 basis and can decline to issue bonds at any time or require the
 posting of additional collateral as a condition to issuing any
 bonds.

Current or future market conditions, as well as changes in our
 sureties assessment of our or their own operating and
 financial risk, could cause our surety companies to decline to
 issue, or substantially reduce the amount of, bonds for our work
 and could increase our bonding costs. These actions can be taken
 on short notice. If our surety companies were to limit or
 eliminate our access to bonding, our alternatives would include
 seeking bonding capacity from other surety companies, increasing
 business with clients that do not require bonds and posting
 other forms of collateral for project performance, such as
 letters of credit or cash. We may be unable to secure these
 alternatives in a timely manner, on acceptable terms, or at all.
 Accordingly, if we were to experience an interruption or
 reduction in the availability of bonding capacity, we may be
 unable to compete for or work on certain projects.

We are effectively self-insured against many potential
 liabilities. Although we maintain insurance policies
 with respect to a broad range of risks, including automobile
 liability, general liability, workers compensation and
 employee group health, these policies do not cover all possible
 claims and certain of the policies are subject to large
 deductibles. Accordingly, we are effectively self-insured for a
 substantial number of actual and potential claims. In addition,
 if any of our insurance carriers defaulted on its obligations to
 provide insurance coverage by reason of its insolvency or for
 other reasons, our exposure to claims would increase and our
 profits would be adversely affected. Our estimates for unpaid
 claims and expenses are based on known facts, historical trends
 and industry averages, utilizing the assistance of an actuary.
 We reflect these liabilities in our balance sheet as Other
 accrued expenses and liabilities and Other long-term
 obligations. The determination of such estimated
 liabilities and their appropriateness are reviewed and updated
 at least quarterly. However, these liabilities are difficult to
 assess and estimate due to many relevant factors, the effects of
 which are often unknown, including the severity of an injury or
 damage, the determination of liability in proportion to other
 parties, the timeliness of reported claims, the effectiveness of
 our risk management and safety programs and the terms and
 conditions of our insurance policies. Our accruals are based
 upon known facts, historical trends and our reasonable estimate
 of future expenses, and we believe such accruals are adequate.
 However, unknown or changing trends, risks or circumstances,
 such as increases in claims, a weakening economy, increases in
 medical costs, changes in case law or legislation or changes in
 the nature of the work we perform, could render our current
 estimates and accruals inadequate. In such case, adjustments to
 our balance sheet may be required and these increased
 liabilities would be recorded in the period that the experience
 becomes known. Insurance carriers may be unwilling, in the
 future, to provide our current levels of coverage without a
 significant increase in insurance premiums
 and/or 
 collateral requirements to cover our obligations to them.
 Increased collateral requirements may be in the form of
 additional letters of credit, and an increase in collateral
 requirements could significantly reduce our liquidity. If
 insurance premiums increase,
 and/or if
 insurance claims are higher than our estimates, our
 profitability could be adversely affected.

9

We may incur liabilities or suffer negative financial impact
 relating to occupational, health and safety
 matters. Our operations are subject to extensive laws
 and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions
 in the workplace. While we have invested, and will continue to
 invest, substantial resources in our robust occupational, health
 and safety programs, our industry involves a high degree of
 operational risk, and there can be no assurance that we will
 avoid significant liability exposure. These hazards can cause
 personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or
 destruction of property and equipment and other consequential
 damages and could lead to suspension of operations, large damage
 claims and, in extreme cases, criminal liability.

Our customers seek to minimize safety risks on their sites and
 they frequently review the safety records of contractors during
 the bidding process. If our safety record were to substantially
 deteriorate over time, we might become ineligible to bid on
 certain work and our customers could cancel our contracts and
 not award us future business.

If we fail to integrate future acquisitions successfully,
 this could adversely affect our business and results of
 operations. As part of our growth strategy, we acquire
 companies that expand, complement
 and/or 
 diversify our business. Future acquisitions may expose us to
 operational challenges and risks, including the diversion of
 management s attention from our existing business, the
 failure to retain key personnel or customers of an acquired
 business, the assumption of unknown liabilities of the acquired
 business for which there are inadequate reserves and the
 potential impairment of acquired identifiable intangible assets,
 including goodwill. Our ability to sustain our growth and
 maintain our competitive position may be affected by our ability
 to identify and acquire desirable businesses and successfully
 integrate any businesses acquired.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected as a
 result of goodwill and other identifiable intangible asset
 impairments. When we acquire a business, we record an
 asset called goodwill equal to the excess amount
 paid for the business, including liabilities assumed, over the
 fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets of
 the business acquired. The Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB requires that all business combinations be
 accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and
 that certain identifiable intangible assets acquired in a
 business combination be recognized as assets apart from
 goodwill. FASB Accounting Standard Codification
 ASC Topic 350, Intangibles 
 Goodwill and Other ASC 350 provides that
 goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets that have
 indefinite useful lives not be amortized, but instead must be
 tested at least annually for impairment, and identifiable
 intangible assets that have finite useful lives should continue
 to be amortized over their useful lives and be tested for
 impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying values may not be fully recoverable. ASC 350 also
 provides specific guidance for testing goodwill and other
 non-amortized 
 identifiable intangible assets for impairment, which we test
 annually each October 1. ASC 350 requires management to
 make certain estimates and assumptions to allocate goodwill to
 reporting units and to determine the fair value of reporting
 unit net assets and liabilities. Such fair value is determined
 using discounted estimated future cash flows. Our development of
 the present value of future cash flow projections is based upon
 assumptions and estimates by management from a review of our
 operating results, business plans, anticipated growth rates and
 margins and the weighted average cost of capital, among others.
 Much of the information used in assessing fair value is outside
 the control of management, such as interest rates, and these
 assumptions and estimates can change in future periods. There
 can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions made for
 purposes of our goodwill and identifiable intangible asset
 impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the
 future. If our assumptions regarding business plans or
 anticipated growth rates
 and/or 
 margins are not achieved, or there is a rise in interest rates,
 we may be required, as we were in the second and third quarters
 of 2010 and in the fourth quarter of 2009, to record goodwill
 and/or 
 identifiable intangible asset impairment charges in future
 periods, whether in connection with our next annual impairment
 testing on October 1, 2011 or earlier, if an indicator of
 an impairment is present prior to the quarter in which the
 annual goodwill impairment test is to be performed. It is not
 possible at this time to determine if any such additional
 impairment charge would result or, if it does, whether such a
 charge would be material to our results of operations.

An interim impairment review of our goodwill in the third
 quarter of 2010 resulted in a 210.6 million non-cash
 goodwill impairment charge within our United States facilities
 services segment. An interim impairment review of our indefinite
 lived intangible assets in the second and third quarters of 2010
 resulted in an additional 35.5 million non-cash impairment
 charge as a result of a change in the fair value of various
 trade names associated with certain prior year acquisitions
 reported within our United States facilities services segment.
 Additionally, we performed our annual impairment test as of
 October 1, and no additional impairment of our goodwill,
 trade names and/or other identifiable intangible assets was
 recognized for any of our reporting segments in the fourth
 quarter of 2010.

Amounts included in our backlog may not result in actual
 revenues or translate into profits. Many of the
 contracts in our backlog do not require the purchase of a
 minimum amount of services. In addition, many contracts are
 subject to cancellation or suspension on short notice at the
 discretion of the client, and the contracts in our backlog are
 subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as
 well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contract. We
 have historically experienced variances in the components of
 backlog related to project delays or cancellations resulting
 from weather conditions, external market factors and economic
 factors beyond our control, and we may experience more delays or
 cancellations in the future than in the past due to the

10

current economic slowdown. The risk of contracts in backlog
 being cancelled or suspended generally increase during periods
 of widespread slowdowns. Accordingly, there is no assurance that
 backlog will actually be realized. If our backlog fails to
 materialize, we could experience a reduction in revenues and a
 decline in profitability, which could result in a deterioration
 of our financial condition and liquidity.

We account for the majority of our construction projects
 using the
 percentage-of-completion 
 method of accounting; therefore, variations of actual results
 from our assumptions may reduce our profitability. We
 recognize revenues on construction contracts using the
 percentage-of-completion 
 method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic
 605-35, 
 Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and
 Production-Type Contracts . See Application of Critical
 Accounting Policies in Item 7. Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
 Under the
 percentage-of-completion 
 method of accounting, we record revenue as work on the contract
 progresses. The cumulative amount of revenues recorded on a
 contract at a specified point in time is that percentage of
 total estimated revenues that costs incurred to date bear to
 estimated total costs. Accordingly, contract revenues and total
 cost estimates are reviewed and revised as the work progresses.
 Adjustments are reflected in contract revenues in the period
 when such estimates are revised. Estimates are based on
 management s reasonable assumptions and experience, but are
 only estimates. Variations of actual results from assumptions on
 an unusually large project or on a number of average size
 projects could be material. We are also required to immediately
 recognize the full amount of the estimated loss on a contract
 when estimates indicate such a loss. Such adjustments and
 accrued losses could result in reduced profitability, which
 could negatively impact our cash flow from operations.

The loss of one or a few customers could have an adverse
 effect on us. A few clients have in the past and may in
 the future account for a significant portion of our revenues in
 any one year or over a period of several consecutive years.
 Although we have long-standing relationships with many of our
 significant clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce or
 discontinue their contracts with us at any time. A loss of
 business from a significant client could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

Certain provisions of our corporate governance documents
 could make an acquisition of us, or a substantial interest in
 us, more difficult. The following provisions of our
 certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as currently in effect,
 as well as Delaware law, could discourage potential proposals to
 acquire us, delay or prevent a change in control of us, or limit
 the price that investors may be willing to pay in the future for
 shares of our common stock:

our certificate of incorporation permits our board of directors
 to issue blank check preferred stock and to adopt
 amendments to our bylaws;

our bylaws contain restrictions regarding the right of our
 stockholders to nominate directors and to submit proposals to be
 considered at stockholder meetings;

our certificate of incorporation and bylaws restrict the right
 of our stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders
 and to act by written consent; and

we are subject to provisions of Delaware law, which prohibit us
 from engaging in any of a broad range of business transactions
 with an interested stockholder for a period of three
 years following the date such stockholder becomes classified as
 an interested stockholder.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

11

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

Our operations are conducted primarily in leased properties. The
 following table lists facilities over 25,000 square feet,
 both leased and owned, and identifies the business segment that
 is the principal user of each such facility.

Lease 

Approximate 

Expiration Date, 

Square Feet 

Unless Owned 

Corporate Headquarters 

301 Merritt Seven 
 Norwalk, Connecticut

38,650

6/30/18

Operating Facilities 

4050 Cotton Center Boulevard 
 Phoenix, Arizona (a)

30,603

10/31/15

1200 North Sickles Drive 
 Tempe, Arizona (b)

29,000

Owned

601 South Vincent Avenue 
 Azusa, California (c)

36,456

10/31/11

20545 Belshaw Avenue 
 Carson, California (a)

29,227

8/31/12

1168 Fesler Street 
 El Cajon, California (b)

67,560

8/31/20

17925 South Broadway 
 Gardena, California (b)

27,040

6/3/11

24041 Amador Street 
 Hayward, California (b)

40,000

10/31/11

25601 Clawiter Road 
 Hayward, California (b)

34,800

6/30/14

2 Cromwell 
 Irvine, California (a)

49,503

4/30/18

4462 Corporate Center Drive 
 Los Alamitos, California (c)

57,863

9/30/14

825 Howe Road 
 Martinez, California (c)

109,795

12/31/12

19800 Normandie Avenue 
 Torrance, California (a)

36,264

3/31/14

8670 Younger Creek Drive 
 Sacramento, California (b)

54,135

1/13/12

940 Remillard Court 
 San Jose, California (a)

119,560

7/31/17

5525 Gaines Street 
 San Diego, California (c)

27,000

12/31/11

9505 and 9525 Chesapeake Drive 
 San Diego, California (c)

25,124

12/31/11

4405 and 4420 Race Street 
 Denver, Colorado (b)

31,340

9/30/16

345 Sheridan Boulevard 
 Lakewood, Colorado (c)

63,000

Owned

166 Tunnel Road 
 Vernon, Connecticut (a)

27,000

12/31/18

9820 Satellite Boulevard 
 Orlando, Florida (a)

49,440

12/31/15

3145 Northwoods Parkway 
 Norcross, Georgia (c)

25,808

1/31/12

12

Lease 

Approximate 

Expiration Date, 

Square Feet 

Unless Owned 

400 Lake Ridge Drive 
 Smyrna, Georgia (a)

30,000

9/30/12

3100 Woodcreek Drive 
 Downers Grove, Illinois (c)

55,551

7/31/17

1406 West Cardinal Court 
 Urbana, Illinois (b)

161,956

9/30/12

7614 and 7720 Opportunity Drive 
 Fort Wayne, Indiana (b)

136,695

10/31/18

2655 Garfield Street 
 Highland, Indiana (c)

57,765

6/30/14

3100 and 3116 Brinkerhoff Road 
 Kansas City, Kansas (b)

44,840

11/30/11

631 Pecan Circle 
 Manhattan, Kansas (b)

34,719

8/31/13

4250 Highway 30 
 St. Gabriel, Louisiana (a)

90,000

Owned

1750 Swisco Road 
 Sulphur, Louisiana (a)

112,000

Owned

4530 Hollins Ferry Road 
 Baltimore, Maryland (b)

26,792

Owned

1999-2000 
 Halethorpe Avenue 
 Halethorpe, Maryland (b)

48,000

1/20/12

80 Hawes Way 
 Stoughton, Massachusetts (a)(b)

36,621

6/10/13

Tax Assessor Parcel:
 162-30-801-006,007 
 Clark County, Nevada (b)

83,635

5/14/11

3555 West Oquendo Road 
 Las Vegas, Nevada (c)

90,000

11/30/11

206 McGaw Drive 
 Edison, New Jersey (c)

39,344

4/30/20

348 New County Road 
 Secaucus, New Jersey (b)

37,905

12/31/12

301 and 305 Suburban Avenue 
 Deer Park, New York (b)

33,535

4/30/11

569-573 
 Brook Avenue 
 Deer Park, New York (b)

50,000

Month-To-Month

111-01 
 14th Avenue 
 College Point, New York (c)

253,291

2/28/21

Two Penn Plaza 
 New York, New York (c)

54,570

1/31/16

704 Clinton Avenue South 
 Rochester, New York (a)

30,000

7/31/11

2900 Newpark Drive 
 Barberton, Ohio (b)

91,831

11/1/17

200 Smally Road 
 Cincinnati, Ohio (a)

28,040

6/30/15

3976 Southern Avenue 
 Cincinnati, Ohio (b)

44,815

3/31/18

10,15,17 and 21 West Voorhees Street 
 Cincinnati, Ohio (a)

31,118

9/30/11

13

Lease 

Approximate 

Expiration Date, 

Square Feet 

Unless Owned 

2300 International Street 
 Columbus, Ohio (c)

25,500

10/31/12

5711-5805 
 South West Hood Avenue 
 Portland, Oregon (c)

29,158

12/31/15

91 Mayview Road 
 Lawrence, Pennsylvania (a)

44,468

2/7/15

9815 Roosevelt Boulevard 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (a)

33,405

11/30/21

6045 East Shelby Drive 
 Memphis, Tennessee (a)

53,618

4/30/18

937 Pine Street 
 Beaumont, Texas (a)

78,962

Owned

895 North Main Street 
 Beaumont, Texas (a)

75,000

Owned

410 Flato Road 
 Corpus Christi, Texas (a)

57,000

Owned

5550 Airline Drive and 25 Tidwell Road 
 Houston, Texas (b)

157,544

12/31/14

12415 Highway 225 
 La Porte, Texas (a)

78,000

Owned

1574 South West Temple 
 Salt Lake City, Utah (c)

120,904

Month-To-Month

2455 West 1500 South 
 Salt Lake City, Utah (c)

58,339

4/30/18

2800 Crystal Drive 
 Arlington, Virginia (a)

28,554

7/31/17

109 Executive Drive 
 Dulles, Virginia (c)

41,007

8/31/16

22930 Shaw Road 
 Dulles, Virginia (c)

32,616

2/28/15

3280 Formex Road 
 Richmond, Virginia (b)

30,640

7/31/13

8657 South 190th Street 
 Kent, Washington (b)

46,125

7/30/13

6950 Gisholt Drive 
 Madison, Wisconsin (b)

32,020

5/31/12

615 South 89th Street 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin and 
 9100 West Conrad Street 
 West Allis, Wisconsin (b)

38,000

5/31/20

400 Parkdale Avenue North 
 Hamilton, Ontario, Canada (d)

48,826

5/24/11

14

We believe that our property, plant and equipment are well
 maintained, in good operating condition and suitable for the
 purposes for which they are used.

See Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies of the notes
 to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional
 information regarding lease costs. We utilize substantially all
 of our leased or owned facilities and believe there will be no
 difficulty either in negotiating the renewal of our real
 property leases as they expire or in finding alternative space,
 if necessary.

(a)

Principally used by a company
 engaged in the United States facilities services 
 segment.

(b)

Principally used by a company
 engaged in the United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segment.

(c)

Principally used by a company
 engaged in the United States electrical construction and
 facilities services segment.

(d)

Principally used by a company
 engaged in the Canada construction segment.

15

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

On March 14, 2003, John Mowlem Construction plc
 Mowlem presented a claim in arbitration against
 our United Kingdom subsidiary, EMCOR Group (UK) plc (formerly
 named EMCOR Drake Scull Group plc)
 D S ), in connection with a subcontract
 D S entered into with Mowlem with respect to a project for
 the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence at Abbey Wood in Bristol,
 U.K. Mowlem seeks damages arising out of alleged defects in the
 D S design and construction of the electrical and
 mechanical engineering services for the project. Mowlem s
 claim is for 38.5 million British pounds sterling
 (approximately 60.0 million), which includes costs
 allegedly incurred by Mowlem in connection with rectification of
 the alleged defects, overhead, legal fees, delay and disruption
 costs related to such defects, and interest on such amounts. The
 claim also includes amounts in respect of liabilities that
 Mowlem accepted in connection with a settlement agreement it
 entered into with the Ministry of Defence and which it claims
 are attributable to D S. D S believes it has good and
 meritorious defenses to the Mowlem claim. D S has denied
 liability and has asserted a counterclaim for approximately
 11.6 million British pounds sterling (approximately
 18.1 million) for certain design, labor and delay and
 disruption costs incurred by D S in connection with its
 subcontract with Mowlem for work performed through 1996.

We are involved in other proceedings in which damages and claims
 have been asserted against us. We believe that we have a number
 of valid defenses to such proceedings and claims and intend to
 vigorously defend ourselves. We do not believe that any such
 matters will have a materially adverse effect on our financial
 position, results of operations or liquidity.

ITEM 4. 

(REMOVED
 AND RESERVED) 

16

EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Anthony J. Guzzi, Age 46; President since
 October 25, 2004 and Chief Executive Officer since
 January 3, 2011. From October 25, 2004 to
 January 2, 2011, Mr. Guzzi served as Chief Operating
 Officer of the Company. From August 2001, until he joined the
 Company, Mr. Guzzi served as President of the North
 American Distribution and Aftermarket Division of Carrier
 Corporation Carrier ). Carrier is a manufacturer and
 distributor of commercial and residential HVAC and refrigeration
 systems and equipment and a provider of after-market services
 and components of its own products and those of other
 manufacturers in both the HVAC and refrigeration industries.

Sheldon I. Cammaker, Age 71; Executive Vice
 President and General Counsel of the Company since September
 1987 and Secretary of the Company since May 1997. Prior to
 September 1987, Mr. Cammaker was a senior partner of the
 New York City law firm of Botein, Hays Sklar.

R. Kevin Matz, Age 52; Executive Vice
 President Shared Services of the Company since December
 2007 and Senior Vice President Shared Services from June
 2003 to December 2007. From April 1996 to June 2003,
 Mr. Matz served as Vice President and Treasurer of the
 Company and Staff Vice President Financial Services of the
 Company from March 1993 to April 1996.

Mark A. Pompa, Age 46; Executive Vice President and
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 3, 2006.
 From June 2003 to April 2, 2006, Mr. Pompa was Senior
 Vice President Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, and
 from June 2003 to January 2007, Mr. Pompa was also
 Treasurer of the Company. From September 1994 to June 2003,
 Mr. Pompa was Vice President and Controller of the Company.

17

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information. Our common stock trades on the
 New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EME .

The following table sets forth high and low sales prices for our
 common stock for the periods indicated as reported by the New
 York Stock Exchange:

2010 

High 

Low 

First Quarter

27.95

22.06

Second Quarter

29.80

22.93

Third Quarter

27.69

22.29

Fourth Quarter

29.92

24.15

2009 

High 

Low 

First Quarter

23.64

13.44

Second Quarter

23.75

16.50

Third Quarter

26.38

17.88

Fourth Quarter

27.85

22.17

Holders. As of February 22, 2011, there were
 approximately 102 stockholders of record and, as of that date,
 we estimate there were approximately 42,257 beneficial owners
 holding our common stock in nominee or street name.

Dividends. We did not pay dividends on our common
 stock during 2010 or 2009, and we do not anticipate that we will
 pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Our
 revolving credit facility limits the payment of dividends on our
 common stock.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
 Plans. The following table summarizes, as of
 December 31, 2010, equity compensation plans that were
 approved by stockholders and equity compensation plans that were
 not approved by stockholders. The information in the table and
 in the Notes thereto has been adjusted for
 2-for-1 
 stock splits effected on July 9, 2007 and February 10,
 2006.

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

A 

B 

C 

Number of Securities 

Remaining Available for 

Future Issuance under 

Number of Securities to be 

Weighted Average 

Equity Compensation 

Issued upon Exercise of 

Exercise Price of 

Plans (Excluding Securities 

Outstanding Options, 

Outstanding Options, 

Reflected in 

Plan Category 

Warrants and Rights 

Warrants and Rights 

Column A) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders

2,555,829

14.64

(1)

3,090,000

(2)

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders

2,226,132

(3)

11.57

Total

4,781,961

13.21

3,090,000

(1)

Included within this amount are
 365,188 restricted stock units that will be issued pursuant to
 our Long-Term Incentive Plan. The weighted average exercise
 price would have been 17.09 had the weighted average exercise
 price calculation excluded such restricted stock units.

(2)

Represents shares of our common
 stock available for future issuance under our 2010 Incentive
 Plan, which may be issuable in respect of options and/or stock
 appreciation rights granted under the Plan and/or may also be
 issued pursuant to the award of restricted stock, unrestricted
 stock and/ or awards that are valued in whole or in part by
 reference to, or are otherwise based on the fair market value
 of, our common stock.

(3)

2,194,132 shares relate to
 outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock,
 which were granted to our executive officers (the
 Executive Options and 32,000 shares relate to
 outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock,
 which were granted to our Directors (the Director
 Options ).

18

Stock Options. The following stock options, which
 have been adjusted for two 2-for-1 stock splits, one effected on
 July 9, 2007 and the other on February 10, 2006, were
 awarded pursuant to equity compensation programs that were not
 approved by stockholders.

Executive
 Options 

2,088,132 of the Executive Options referred to in note
 (2) to the Table were granted to six of our then executive
 officers in connection with employment agreements with us, which
 employment agreements were dated January 1, 2002 (the
 2002 Employment Agreements and have since expired,
 and 106,000 of the Executive Options were granted to
 Mr. Anthony Guzzi, our President and Chief Executive
 Officer, when he joined us in October 2004. Of these Executive
 Options, (i) an aggregate of 418,000 of such Executive
 Options were granted on December 14, 2001 with an exercise
 price of 10.43 per share, (ii) an aggregate of 392,800 of
 such Executive Options were granted on January 2, 2002 with
 an exercise price of 11.59 per share, (iii) an aggregate
 of 507,740 of such Executive Options were granted on
 January 2, 2003 with an exercise price of 13.69 per share,
 (iv) an aggregate of 769,592 of such Executive Options were
 granted on January 2, 2004 with an exercise price of 10.96
 per share and (v) 106,000 of such Executive Options were
 granted to Mr. Guzzi on October 25, 2004 with an
 exercise price of 9.67 per share. The Executive Options
 referred to above in clause (i) were exercisable in full on
 the grant date; the Executive Options referred to above in
 clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) provided that they were
 exercisable as follows: one-fourth on the grant date, one-fourth
 on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-fourth on the
 second anniversary of the grant date and one-fourth on the last
 business day of the calendar year immediately preceding the
 third anniversary of the grant date. During 2004, the
 out-of-the-money 
 Executive Options referred to in clauses (iii) and
 (iv) were vested in full in anticipation of a change in
 accounting rules requiring the expensing of stock options
 beginning in January 2006. The options granted to Mr. Guzzi
 became exercisable in three equal annual installments,
 commencing with the first anniversary of the date of grant.

Each of the Executive Options granted have a term of ten years
 from their respective grant dates and an exercise price per
 share equal to the fair market value of a share of common stock
 on their respective grant dates.

Director
 Options 

During 2002, each of our non-employee directors who then served
 as a director received 8,000 Director Options. These
 options were in addition to the 12,000 options to purchase our
 common stock that were granted on June 19, 2002 to each
 such non-employee director under our 1995 Non-Employee
 Directors Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, which plan has
 been approved by our stockholders. The price at which such
 Director Options are exercisable is equal to the fair market
 value per share of common stock on the grant date. The exercise
 price per share of the Director Options is 13.88 per share,
 except those granted to Mr. Michael T. Yonker, upon his
 election to the Board on October 25, 2002, which have an
 exercise price of 12.94 per share. All of these options became
 exercisable commencing with the grant date and have a term of
 ten years from the grant date.

19

ITEM 6. SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

The following selected financial data has been derived from our
 audited financial statements and should be read in conjunction
 with the consolidated financial statements, the related notes
 thereto and the report of our independent registered public
 accounting firm thereon included elsewhere in this and in
 previously filed annual reports on
 Form 10-K 
 of EMCOR.

See Note 3 Acquisitions of Businesses of the notes to
 consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a discussion
 regarding acquisitions. The results of operations for 2007 and
 2006 reflect discontinued operations accounting due to the sale
 of our interest in a consolidated joint venture in 2007 and the
 sale of a subsidiary in 2006.

Income
 Statement Data 
 (In
 thousands, except per share data)

Years Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Revenues

5,121,285

5,547,942

6,785,242

5,927,152

4,901,783

Gross profit

719,544

824,900

886,651

702,822

552,400

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

246,081

13,526

Operating (loss) income

(28,686

262,425

302,577

199,825

111,772

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. 

(86,691

160,756

182,204

126,808

86,634

Basic (loss) earnings per common share:

From continuing operations

(1.31

2.44

2.79

1.93

1.35

From discontinued operations

0.04

0.02

(1.31

2.44

2.79

1.97

1.37

Diluted (loss) earnings per common share:

From continuing operations

(1.31

2.38

2.71

1.86

1.30

From discontinued operations

0.04

0.02

(1.31

2.38

2.71

1.90

1.32

Balance
 Sheet Data 
 (In
 thousands)

As of December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Equity (1)

1,162,845

1,226,466

1,050,769

891,734

724,150

Total assets

2,755,542

2,981,894

3,030,443

2,887,000

2,089,023

Goodwill

406,804

593,628

582,714

563,918

288,165

Borrowings under revolving credit facility

150,000

Term loan, including current maturities

194,750

197,750

225,000

Other long-term debt, including current maturities

24

41

93

332

Capital lease obligations, including current maturities

1,649

601

2,313

2,151

1,566

(1)

No cash dividends on the
 Company s common stock have been declared or paid during
 the past five years.

20

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

We are one of the largest electrical and mechanical construction
 and facilities services firms in the United States, Canada,
 the United Kingdom and in the world. We provide services to a
 broad range of commercial, industrial, utility and institutional
 customers through over 70 operating subsidiaries and joint
 venture entities. Our offices are located in the United States,
 Canada and the United Kingdom. In the Middle East, we previously
 carried on business through a joint venture. We sold our
 interest in that joint venture in June 2010.

Overview 

The following table presents selected financial data for the
 fiscal years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in
 millions, except percentages and per share data):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Revenues

5,121.3

5,547.9

6,785.2

Revenues (decrease) increase from prior year

(7.7

(18.2

14.5

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

246.1

13.5

Operating (loss) income

(28.7

262.4

302.6

Operating (loss) income as a percentage of revenues

(0.6

4.7

4.5

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. 

(86.7

160.8

182.2

Diluted (loss) earnings per common share

(1.31

2.38

2.71

Net cash provided by operating activities

68.7

359.1

335.0

Despite signs of a possible economic recovery, we continue to
 see a hesitation by many of our customers to commit to capital
 and maintenance projects particularly in the private
 nonresidential building and refinery markets. In addition, we
 continue to experience a very competitive marketplace where
 there are a significant number of bidders willing to work at
 extremely low margins on any given project. Consequently, we
 tempered our expectations regarding the strength of a near term
 recovery in our United States facilities services segment and
 recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 246.1 million
 during 2010. This non-cash impairment charge was comprised of
 210.6 million for goodwill and 35.5 million for
 certain of our trade names. Because of these non-cash impairment
 charges, lower margin work and a decline in demand, our 2010
 results reflected an overall decline in our revenues and
 operating results compared to 2009.

The decrease in revenues for 2010, when compared to 2009, was
 primarily attributable to: (a) a decline in work performed
 on domestic industrial construction projects and a continued
 decline in work performed on commercial and hospitality
 construction projects, generally as a result of the economic
 slowdown, and our decision to only accept work that we believe
 can be performed at reasonable margins, (b) continued lower
 revenues from our international operations for similar reasons
 and (c) a decline in organic revenues arising from our
 United States facilities services segment due to the economic
 slowdown. During 2010, companies we acquired in 2010 and 2009,
 that are within our United States facilities services segment,
 contributed 66.3 million to revenues and 1.3 million
 to operating income (net of 2.3 million of amortization
 expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets included
 in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative
 expenses).

The decrease in operating income and operating margin (operating
 income as a percentage of revenues) for 2010, when compared to
 2009, was primarily a result of: (a) the non-cash
 impairment charge discussed above, (b) lower operating
 income from our United States electrical construction and
 facilities services segment, (c) an operating loss from
 significant project write-downs at our Canadian operations and
 (d) lower operating income from our United States
 facilities services segment. This decrease in operating income
 was partially offset by: (a) the favorable resolution of
 uncertainties on certain construction projects at or nearing
 completion within our domestic construction segments,
 (b) the favorable resolution of an historical legal claim
 on a healthcare construction project within our United States
 mechanical construction and facilities services segment and
 (c) reduced selling, general and administrative expenses
 primarily as a result of a reduction in our provision for
 doubtful accounts due to favorable settlements of amounts
 previously determined to be uncollectible and lower employment
 costs. Net cash provided by operating activities of 68.7
 million in 2010 decreased, when compared to 2009, primarily due
 to lower operating results, changes in our working capital,
 including a reduction in accruals for payroll and benefits and a
 one-time contribution of 25.9 million to a defined benefit
 pension plan of our United Kingdom subsidiary.

We completed two acquisitions during 2010, each for an
 immaterial amount. One company provides mobile mechanical
 services and the other primarily performs government
 infrastructure contracting services. Both companies have been
 included in our

21

United States facilities services reporting segment and expand
 our service capabilities into geographical areas
 and/or 
 markets in which we have not previously operated. These
 acquisitions are not material to our results of operations for
 the years presented.

Operating
 Segments 

Our reportable segments reflect certain reclassifications of
 prior year amounts from our United States mechanical
 construction and facilities services segment to our United
 States facilities services segment due to changes in our
 internal reporting structure.

We have the following reportable segments which provide services
 associated with the design, integration, installation,
 start-up, 
 operation and maintenance of various systems: (a) United
 States electrical construction and facilities services
 (involving systems for electrical power transmission and
 distribution; premises electrical and lighting systems;
 low-voltage systems, such as fire alarm, security and process
 control; voice and data communication; roadway and transit
 lighting; and fiber optic lines); (b) United States
 mechanical construction and facilities services (involving
 systems for heating, ventilation, air conditioning,
 refrigeration and clean-room process ventilation; fire
 protection; plumbing, process and high-purity piping; water and
 wastewater treatment; and central plant heating and cooling);
 (c) United States facilities services; (d) Canada
 construction; (e) United Kingdom construction and
 facilities services; and (f) Other international
 construction and facilities services. The segment United
 States facilities services principally consists of those
 operations which provide a portfolio of services needed to
 support the operation and maintenance of customers 
 facilities (industrial maintenance and services; outage services
 to utilities and industrial plants; commercial and government
 site-based operations and maintenance; military base operations
 support services; mobile maintenance and services; facilities
 management; installation and support for building systems;
 program development, management and maintenance for energy
 systems; technical consulting and diagnostic services;
 infrastructure and building projects for federal, state and
 local governmental agencies and bodies; small modification and
 retrofit projects; and retrofit projects to comply with clean
 air laws), which services are not generally related to
 customers construction programs, as well as industrial
 services operations, which primarily provide aftermarket
 maintenance and repair services, replacement parts and
 fabrication services for highly engineered shell and tube heat
 exchangers for refineries and the petrochemical industry. The
 Canada construction segment performs electrical construction and
 mechanical construction. The United Kingdom and Other
 international construction and facilities services segments
 perform electrical construction, mechanical construction and
 facilities services. Our Other international construction
 and facilities services segment consisted of our equity
 interest in a Middle East venture, which we sold in June 2010.

Discussion
 and Analysis of Results of Operations 

Revenues 

As described in more detail below, revenues for 2010 were
 5.1 billion compared to 5.5 billion for 2009 and
 6.8 billion for 2008. The decrease in revenues for 2010
 compared to 2009, excluding the effect of acquisitions, extended
 across all of our business segments and was primarily
 attributable to: (a) lower levels of work in both our
 United States electrical construction and facilities services
 segment and our United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segment, most notably with respect to
 industrial construction projects and a continued decline in work
 performed on commercial and hospitality construction projects,
 (b) continued lower revenues from our international
 operations, (c) lower revenues from our United States
 facilities services segment, particularly within our industrial
 services and our organic mobile mechanical services operations,
 and (d) the effect of unfavorable exchange rates for the
 British pound versus the United States dollar. This decrease in
 revenues was partially offset by revenues of 66.3 million
 attributable to companies acquired in 2010 and 2009, which are
 reported in our United States facilities services segment,
 and the effect of favorable exchange rates for the Canadian
 dollar versus the United States dollar. Revenues decreased in
 2009 compared to 2008 primarily due to: (a) the economic
 slowdown and restrictive credit markets, which resulted in
 (i) lower levels of work in our United States electrical
 construction and facilities services and mechanical construction
 and facilities services segments, most notably on commercial and
 hospitality construction projects, (ii) lower revenues from
 our United States facilities services segment, most notably from
 our mobile mechanical services and our industrial services
 operations and (iii) lower revenues from our international
 operations and (b) the effect of unfavorable exchange rates
 for the British pound and Canadian dollar versus the United
 States dollar. This decrease was partially offset by revenues of
 107.8 million attributable to companies acquired in 2009
 and 2008, which are reported within our United States facilities
 services and United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segments.

As of December 31, 2010, our backlog was
 3.42 billion, and as of December 31, 2009, our
 backlog was 3.15 billion. Backlog increases with awards of
 new contracts and decreases as we perform work on existing
 contracts. The increase in backlog as of December 31, 2010,
 compared to such backlog at December 31, 2009, was
 attributable to our international and our United States
 facilities services segments, offset by a decrease in backlog
 attributable to our United States electrical construction and
 facilities services and our United States mechanical
 construction and facilities services segments. Backlog is not a
 term recognized under

22

United States generally accepted accounting principles; however,
 it is a common measurement used in our industry. Backlog
 includes unrecognized revenues to be realized from uncompleted
 construction contracts plus unrecognized revenues expected to be
 realized over the remaining term of facilities services
 contracts. However, if the remaining term of a facilities
 services contract exceeds 12 months, the unrecognized
 revenues attributable to such contract included in backlog are
 limited to only the next 12 months of revenues.

The following table presents our revenues by each of our
 operating segments and the approximate percentages that each
 segment s revenues were of total revenues for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in millions, except
 for percentages):

of 

of 

of 

2010 

Total 

2009 

Total 

2008 

Total 

Revenues from unrelated entities:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

1,158.9

23 

1,273.7

23 

1,700.5

25 

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

1,708.4

33 

1,959.9

35 

2,420.0

36 

United States facilities services

1,522.3

30 

1,493.6

27 

1,574.2

23 

Total United States operations

4,389.6

86 

4,727.2

85 

5,694.7

84 

Canada construction

269.3

5 

320.2

6 

424.5

6 

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

462.4

9 

500.5

9 

666.0

10 

Other international construction and facilities services

Total worldwide operations

5,121.3

100 

5,547.9

100 

6,785.2

100 

Revenues from our United States electrical construction and
 facilities services segment for 2010 decreased by
 114.8 million compared to 2009. The decrease in revenues
 for 2010 compared to 2009 was primarily attributable to lower
 levels of work on industrial construction projects, most notably
 in the Northern California and Pacific Northwest markets, and on
 commercial and transportation construction projects.
 Additionally, the decrease in revenues was partially
 attributable to a continued decline in work on hospitality
 construction projects, principally in the Las Vegas market.
 These decreases are a result of the current economic downturn
 and our decision to only accept work that we believe can be
 performed at reasonable margins. The decrease in revenues was
 partially offset by an increase in revenues from
 water/wastewater, healthcare and institutional construction
 projects. Revenues were 1,273.7 million in 2009 compared
 to 1,700.5 million in 2008. This decrease in 2009 was
 primarily attributable to lower levels of work on commercial,
 hospitality, industrial and institutional construction projects,
 most notably in the New York, greater Chicago area (including
 northern Indiana), Las Vegas, and Washington D.C. markets, as a
 result of the economic downturn and tight credit markets.

Revenues from our United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segment for 2010 were 1,708.4 million,
 a 12.8 decrease compared to revenues of 1,959.9 million
 for 2009. The decrease in revenues for 2010 compared to 2009 was
 primarily attributable to reduced work on industrial, commercial
 and healthcare construction projects as a result of the current
 economic downturn and our decision to only accept work that we
 believe can be performed at reasonable margins. Additionally,
 the decrease in revenues was attributable to a decline in work
 on water/wastewater construction projects in the South Florida
 market and a continued decline in work on hospitality
 construction projects in the Las Vegas market. Revenues for 2009
 decreased by 460.1 million compared to 2008. This decrease
 in 2009 was primarily attributable to a decrease in work on
 hospitality construction projects, most notably in the Las Vegas
 market, and on commercial construction projects. The decrease in
 revenues was partially offset by an increase in revenues from
 work performed on industrial, institutional and healthcare
 construction projects. Additionally, the decrease in revenues
 was partially offset by revenues of 2.2 million from a
 company acquired in 2008.

Our United States facilities services segment revenues were
 1,522.3 million in 2010 compared to 1,493.6 million
 in 2009. The increase in revenues for 2010 compared to 2009 was
 primarily attributable to revenues of 66.3 million from
 companies acquired in 2010 and 2009, which perform mobile
 mechanical services and government infrastructure contracting
 services, and from an increase in revenues at our government and
 commercial site-based facilities services operations. This
 increase in revenues was partially offset by a continued decline
 in revenues from: (a) our industrial services operation,
 which has been adversely affected by a lower demand for our
 refinery and petrochemical services as a result of capital
 project curtailments and deferred maintenance, and (b) the
 organic operations within our mobile mechanical services
 operation, primarily as a result of fewer discretionary projects
 attributable to economic conditions. Revenues from this segment
 decreased by 80.6 million in 2009 compared to 2008. This
 decrease was primarily attributable to lower revenues from
 (a) our industrial services operations, (i) which
 benefited in 2008 from a significant turnaround/expansion
 contract at a refinery and (ii) which declined due to a
 dramatic decline in the demand for refined

23

products which resulted in lower demand for our shop and field
 refinery and petrochemical services and (b) our mobile
 mechanical services operation as a result of lower revenues from
 small discretionary projects, controls work and repair service
 due to the economic downturn and the cooler than normal summer
 in some of our major markets. This decrease in 2009 revenues was
 partially offset by: (a) revenues of 105.6 million
 from companies acquired in 2009 and 2008, which perform
 maintenance services for utility and industrial plants and
 perform mobile mechanical services and (b) increases in
 revenues from our site-based government facilities services
 operations.

Our Canada construction segment revenues were
 269.3 million in 2010 compared to 320.2 million in
 2009. The decrease in revenues for 2010 was attributable to a
 decrease in revenues from energy and commercial construction
 projects due to the continued effect of the economic slowdown.
 This decrease in revenues was partially offset by an increase of
 27.3 million relating to the effect of favorable exchange
 rates for the Canadian dollar versus the United States dollar.
 Revenues decreased by 104.3 million in 2009 compared to
 2008. This decrease in 2009 was primarily attributable to fewer
 energy and industrial (including automotive) construction
 projects. In addition, 23.1 million of this decrease in
 revenues was a result of the effect of unfavorable exchange
 rates for the Canadian dollar versus the United States dollar.
 The decrease in revenues was partially offset by more work on
 commercial and healthcare construction projects.

Our United Kingdom construction and facilities services segment
 revenues decreased by 38.1 million in 2010 compared to
 2009. This decline in revenues was attributable to a decrease in
 revenues from institutional construction projects, partially
 offset by an increase in revenues from commercial construction
 projects. The decrease in revenues for 2010 was also
 attributable to a decrease of 6.7 million relating to the
 effect of unfavorable exchange rates for the British pound
 versus the United States dollar. Revenues were
 500.5 million in 2009 compared to 666.0 million in
 2008. Approximately 92.0 million of this decrease in 2009
 revenues was a result of the effect of unfavorable exchange
 rates for the British pound versus the United States dollar. In
 addition, this decrease in revenues was partially attributable
 to (a) a decrease in revenues relating to rail contracts as
 a result of the planned strategy to exit this market and
 (b) a decline in our United Kingdom s construction
 business, partially offset by an increase in revenues from our
 United Kingdom s facilities services business.

Other international construction and facilities services
 activities consisted of a venture in the Middle East. The
 results of the venture were accounted for under the equity
 method of accounting. In June 2010, we sold our equity interest
 in our Middle East venture to our partner in the venture. As a
 result of this sale, we received 7.9 million and
 recognized a pretax gain in this amount, which is classified as
 a Gain on sale of equity investment on the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Cost of
 sales and Gross profit 

The following table presents cost of sales, gross profit
 (revenues less cost of sales), and gross profit margin (gross
 profit as a percentage of revenues) for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in millions, except for
 percentages):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Cost of sales

4,401.7

4,723.0

5,898.6

Gross profit

719.5

824.9

886.7

Gross profit margin

14.1

14.9

13.1

Our gross profit decreased by 105.4 million for 2010
 compared to 2009. The decrease in gross profit was primarily
 attributable to reduced organic volume across all of our
 business segments and lower margins at: (a) our United
 States electrical construction and facilities services segment,
 (b) our industrial services and organic mobile mechanical
 services operations within our United States facilities services
 segment and (c) our Canada construction segment. The
 decrease in gross profit was also attributable to a decrease of
 1.0 million relating to the effect of unfavorable exchange
 rates for the British pound versus the United States dollar. The
 overall decrease in gross profit was partially offset by:
 (a) the favorable resolution of uncertainties on certain
 construction projects at or nearing completion in the United
 States mechanical construction and facilities services segment,
 (b) the favorable resolution of an historical legal claim
 on a healthcare construction project within our United States
 mechanical construction and facilities services segment,
 (c) improved gross profit from our commercial and
 government site-based operations within our United States
 facilities services segment, (d) companies acquired in 2010
 and 2009 within our United States facilities services segment,
 which contributed 5.6 million to gross profit, net of
 amortization expense of 1.6 million, and (e) an
 increase of 3.2 million relating to the effect of
 favorable exchange rates for the Canadian dollar versus the
 United States dollar. In addition, the decrease in gross profit
 was partially offset by: (a) an increase in gross profit
 contributed by our energy services operation within our
 United States facilities services segment, primarily as a
 result of the recognition of a pretax gain of 4.5 million
 from the sale of our interest in a venture, which gain is
 classified as a component of Cost of sales on the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations, and (b) gross profit
 attributable to the termination of a contract within our United
 Kingdom construction and facilities services segment.

24

Our gross profit margin was 14.1 for 2010 compared to 14.9 for
 2009. The decrease in gross profit margin was primarily the
 result of: (a) lower gross profit margins at our United
 States electrical construction and facilities services segment
 as a result of lower margins on new work performed,
 (b) lower gross profit margins at our industrial services
 and organic mobile mechanical services operations within our
 United States facilities services segment, (c) lower gross
 profit margins at our Canadian operations due to significant
 project write-downs and (d) an increase in institutional
 work which generally has lower margins than private sector work.
 In addition, 2009 was more positively affected by the favorable
 resolution of uncertainties on certain construction projects at
 or nearing completion in our United States electrical
 construction and facilities services segment compared to 2010.
 The decrease in gross profit margin 2010 was partially offset by
 higher gross profit margins at our United States mechanical
 construction and facilities services segment, primarily as a
 result of: (a) the favorable resolution of uncertainties on
 certain construction projects at or nearing completion and (b)
 the favorable resolution of an historical legal claim on a
 healthcare construction project.

Our gross profit decreased by 61.8 million for 2009
 compared to 2008. The decrease in gross profit was primarily
 attributable to a reduction in gross profit due to:
 (a) lower levels of work from (i) our industrial
 services and mobile mechanical operations within our United
 States facilities services segment and (ii) our United
 States electrical construction and facilities services and
 mechanical construction and facilities services segments and
 (b) the effect of unfavorable exchange rates for the
 British pound and Canadian dollar versus the United States
 dollar. The overall decrease in gross profit was partially
 offset by: (a) a 7.0 million non-cash impairment
 charge in 2008 related to an
 other-than-temporary 
 decline in fair value of our investment in a venture in our
 United States facilities services segment and (b) a
 4.2 million reduction in amortization expense recorded in
 cost of sales associated with the intangible asset for contract
 backlog in 2009 within our United States facilities services and
 United States mechanical construction and facilities services
 segments. For 2009, companies acquired in 2009 and 2008
 contributed 10.4 million to gross profit, net of
 amortization expense of 2.9 million.

Our gross profit margin was 14.9 for 2009 compared to 13.1 for
 2008. The increase in the gross profit margin was primarily the
 result of: (a) improved margins within our domestic
 construction segments as a result of the favorable resolution of
 uncertainties on projects at or nearing completion and improved
 productivity, (b) the turnaround in the performance of one
 of our operations, which had experienced large operating losses
 in 2008 within our United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segment, (c) a 4.2 million
 decrease of amortization expense recorded in cost of sales
 associated with the intangible asset for contract backlog in
 2009 within our United States facilities services and United
 States mechanical construction and facilities services segments
 and (d) the improved performance of our international
 operations. In addition, the increase in the gross profit margin
 was partially attributable to a charge to expense in 2008 of
 7.9 million in connection with a lawsuit (the UOSA
 Action within our United States mechanical construction
 and facilities services segment. (The UOSA Action was concluded
 in the third quarter of 2009, and as a consequence, we paid
 approximately 0.7 million to the other party to the
 litigation.) These increases were partially offset by lower
 gross profit margin in our United States facilities services
 segment, primarily as a result of lower margins in our
 industrial services operations.

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

The following table presents selling, general and administrative
 expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses as a
 percentage of revenues, for the years ended December 31,
 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in millions, except for percentages):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Selling, general and administrative expenses

497.8

542.9

582.3

Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
 revenues

9.7

9.8

8.6

Our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by
 45.1 million for 2010 compared to 2009 primarily due to:
 (a) reduced employee costs, such as salaries, commissions
 and incentive compensation, primarily as a result of the
 downsizing of staff at numerous locations in 2009 and lower
 operating results and (b) a reduction in our provision for
 doubtful accounts due to favorable settlements of amounts
 previously determined to be uncollectible. These decreases were
 partially offset by: (a) 4.3 million of expenses
 directly related to companies acquired in 2010 and 2009,
 including amortization expense of 0.7 million and
 (b) a 2.5 million increase due to the effect of
 exchange rates for the Canadian dollar versus the United States
 dollar. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a
 percentage of revenues decreased for 2010 compared to 2009,
 primarily due to lower selling, general and administrative
 expenses.

Our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by
 39.4 million for 2009 compared to 2008 primarily due to:
 (a) lower employee related costs, such as salaries and
 employee benefits, as a result of downsizing of staff at
 numerous locations, (b) lower incentive compensation
 expense as a result of reduced earnings and lower staff levels
 in 2009 compared to 2008, (c) lower discretionary spending,
 such as travel and entertainment and marketing expenses,
 (d) a 7.3 million and 1.8 million decrease due
 to the effect of unfavorable exchange rates for the British
 pound and Canadian dollar versus the United States dollar,
 respectively, and

25

(e) a 4.5 million decrease in our provision for
 doubtful accounts consistent with an overall reduction in
 accounts receivable. These decreases in selling, general and
 administrative expenses were partially offset by:
 (a) 7.5 million of expenses directly related to
 companies acquired in 2009 and 2008, including amortization
 expense of 1.6 million and (b) an increase in legal
 and rent expenses. In addition, in 2009 compared to 2008,
 selling, general and administrative expenses were unfavorably
 affected by changes in the value of our phantom stock units,
 which vary with our stock price. Certain of the phantom stock
 units were settled in cash during the first quarters of 2009 and
 2008, and no units are currently outstanding. Selling, general
 and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues
 increased in 2009 compared to 2008, primarily due to lower
 revenues in 2009.

Restructuring
 expenses 

Restructuring expenses, primarily relating to employee severance
 obligations and leased facilities, were 4.3 million,
 6.0 million and 1.8 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. The 2010 restructuring expenses were primarily
 attributable to our Canadian operations and our United States
 electrical construction and facilities services segment. The
 2009 restructuring expenses were primarily related to our
 Canadian and UK operations, while the 2008 restructuring
 expenses were primarily related to our UK operations. As of
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the balance of our
 severance obligations was 1.0 million, 1.7 million
 and 0.5 million, respectively. The severance obligations
 outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 were paid
 during 2010 and 2009, respectively. The severance obligations
 outstanding as of December 31, 2010 will be paid in 2011.

Impairment
 loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets 

During the third quarter of 2010 and prior to our October 1
 annual impairment, we concluded that impairment indicators may
 have existed within the United States facilities services
 segment based upon the year to date results and recent forecasts
 at that time. As a result of that conclusion, we performed the
 applicable tests as prescribed by the accounting literature and
 recognized a 226.2 million non-cash impairment charge in
 2010. Of this amount, 210.6 million related to goodwill
 and 15.6 million related to trade names. Additionally,
 during the second quarter of 2010, we recorded a
 19.9 million non-cash impairment charge related to trade
 names. The impairment primarily results from both lower
 forecasted revenues from and operating margins at our United
 States facilities services segment, which has been adversely
 affected by industry conditions. These impairments did not have
 any impact on our compliance with our debt covenants or on our
 cash flows. Additionally, we performed our annual impairment
 test as of October 1, and no additional impairment of our
 goodwill, trade names
 and/or other
 identifiable intangible assets was recognized for any of our
 reporting segments in the fourth quarter of 2010.

In conjunction with our 2009 annual impairment test on
 October 1, we recognized a 13.5 million non-cash
 impairment charge related to trade names and customer
 relationships. Of this amount, 11.2 million related to
 trade names within the United States facilities services segment
 and 2.3 million related to trade names and customer
 relationships within the United States mechanical construction
 and facilities services segment. No impairment of goodwill was
 recognized for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008.
 Additionally, no impairment of trade names
 and/or other
 identifiable intangible assets was recognized for the year ended
 December 31, 2008.

26

Operating
 (loss) income 

The following table presents our operating (loss) income (gross
 profit less selling, general and administrative expenses,
 restructuring expenses, and impairment loss on goodwill and
 identifiable intangible assets) by segment, and each
 segment s operating (loss) income as a percentage of such
 segment s revenues from unrelated entities, for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in millions, except
 for percentages):

of 

of 

of 

Segment 

Segment 

Segment 

2010 

Revenues 

2009 

Revenues 

2008 

Revenues 

Operating (loss) income:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

70.4

6.1

114.5

9.0

114.4

6.7

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

131.3

7.7

129.7

6.6

127.6

5.3

United States facilities services

60.0

3.9

73.7

4.9

103.7

6.6

Total United States operations

261.7

6.0

317.9

6.7

345.7

6.1

Canada construction

0.3

0.1

15.4

4.8

10.9

2.6

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

15.7

3.4

12.0

2.4

14.4

2.2

Other international construction and facilities services

(0.1

(0.1

(0.7

Corporate administration

(55.9

(63.3

(65.9

Restructuring expenses

(4.3

(6.0

(1.8

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

(246.1

(13.5

Total worldwide operations

(28.7

(0.6

262.4

4.7

302.6

4.5

Other corporate items:

Interest expense

(12.2

(7.9

(11.8

Interest income

2.7

4.7

9.9

Gain on sale of equity investment

7.9

(Loss) income before income taxes

(30.3

259.3

300.7

As described in more detail below, we experienced an operating
 loss of 28.7 million for 2010, compared to operating
 income of 262.4 million for 2009 and 302.6 million
 for 2008. The 2010 operating loss was due to the impairment loss
 on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets of
 246.1 million.

Our United States electrical construction and facilities
 services segment operating income for 2010 decreased by
 44.1 million compared to 2009. The decrease in operating
 income in 2010 compared to 2009 was primarily the result of
 lower gross profit from commercial and industrial construction
 projects, as a result of the current economic slowdown and our
 selectivity in bidding on contracts. The decrease in operating
 income for 2010 was partially offset by an increase in the gross
 profit from water/wastewater construction projects. Selling,
 general and administrative expenses also decreased for 2010
 compared to 2009, principally due to reduced employee costs,
 such as salaries, incentive compensation and employee benefits,
 primarily as a result of the downsizing of staff at numerous
 locations in 2009 and lower operating results. The decrease in
 operating margin for 2010 was primarily the result of a
 reduction in gross profit margin. Operating income improved by
 0.1 million for 2009 compared to 2008. The increase in
 operating income in 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily the
 result of an increase in gross profit from industrial and
 transportation construction projects as a result of the
 favorable resolution of uncertainties on projects at or nearing
 completion. This increase was offset by lower gross profit from
 commercial, hospitality and institutional construction projects.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses also decreased for
 2009 compared to 2008 principally due to lower employee costs,
 such as salaries and employee benefits, primarily as a result of
 downsizing of staff at numerous locations and a decrease in the
 provision for doubtful accounts consistent with a reduction in
 accounts receivable, partially offset by an increase in legal
 expenses associated with the resolution of construction claims.
 The increase in the operating margin for 2009 is primarily the
 result of increased gross profit margin.

Our United States mechanical construction and facilities
 services segment operating income for 2010 was
 131.3 million, a 1.6 million increase compared to
 2009. The increase in operating income in 2010 compared to 2009
 was primarily due to the decrease in selling, general and
 administrative expenses, principally due to reduced employee
 costs, such as salaries and incentive

27

compensation, primarily as a result of the downsizing of staff
 at numerous locations in 2009, as well as a reduction in the
 provision for doubtful accounts due to favorable settlements of
 amounts previously determined to be uncollectible. The increase
 in operating income was also due to: (a) the favorable
 resolution of uncertainties on certain construction projects at
 or nearing completion, particularly in the hospitality markets,
 and (b) the favorable resolution of an historical legal
 claim on a healthcare construction project. The increase in
 operating income for 2010 compared to 2009 was partially offset
 by lower gross profit from commercial, industrial and
 water/wastewater construction projects, as a result of the
 current economic slowdown and our selectivity in bidding on
 contracts. The increase in operating margin for 2010 was
 primarily the result of increased gross profit margin due to the
 favorable resolution of matters discussed above. Operating
 income for 2009 increased by 2.1 million compared to 2008.
 The increase in operating income in 2009 compared to 2008 was
 primarily due to: (a) increased gross profits from
 industrial, healthcare and institutional construction projects
 and the turnaround in the performance of one of our operations,
 which had experienced large operating losses in 2008, (b) a
 charge to expense in 2008 of 7.9 million in connection
 with the UOSA Action and (c) a 1.0 million reduction
 in amortization expense associated with identifiable intangible
 assets in 2009 compared to 2008. This increase was partially
 offset by notably lower gross profit due to a decline in
 commercial and hospitality construction projects, primarily in
 the Las Vegas market, as a result of the current economic
 slowdown. Selling, general and administrative expenses were
 lower primarily due to lower employee costs, such as salaries,
 employee benefits, and incentive compensation, primarily as a
 result of downsizing of staff at numerous locations, lower
 discretionary spending, such as travel and entertainment and
 professional fees, and a decrease in the provision for doubtful
 accounts consistent with a reduction in accounts receivable. The
 increase in operating margin for 2009 is primarily the result of
 increased gross profit margin.

Our United States facilities services segment operating income
 for 2010 was 60.0 million, a 13.7 million decrease
 compared to 2009. The decrease in operating income for 2010
 compared to 2009 was primarily due to lower operating income
 from: (a) our industrial services operation which has been
 adversely affected by a lower demand for our refinery and
 petrochemical services as a result of capital project
 curtailments and deferred maintenance and lower gross profit
 margins and (b) our organic mobile mechanical services
 operation as a result of fewer discretionary projects due to the
 continued effects of the economic slowdown and lower gross
 profit margins, primarily as a result of lower margins on
 recently acquired projects. The decrease in operating income for
 2010 was partially offset by improved results from our
 commercial and government site-based operations and operating
 income from companies acquired in 2010 and 2009, which perform
 mobile mechanical services and government infrastructure
 contracting services and contributed 1.3 million of
 operating income, net of amortization expense of
 2.3 million. In addition, these decreases were partially
 offset by an increase in operating income for 2010 from our
 energy services operation, primarily as a result of the
 recognition of a pretax gain of 4.5 million from the sale
 of our interest in a venture, which gain is classified as a
 component of Cost of sales on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations. Selling, general and administrative
 expenses decreased by 8.0 million for 2010 compared to 2009,
 excluding the increase of 4.3 million of selling, general and
 administrative expenses associated with companies acquired in
 2010 and 2009, including amortization expense of 0.7 million,
 due to reduced employee costs, such as salaries and commissions,
 primarily as a result of the downsizing of staff at numerous
 locations in 2009 and due to lower revenues. In addition, the
 decrease was due to a reduction in our provision for doubtful
 accounts. These decreases were partially offset by increased
 professional fees. The decrease in operating margin for 2010 was
 primarily the result of a reduction in gross profit margin.
 Operating income for 2009 was 73.7 million compared to
 103.7 million for 2008. The decrease in operating income
 for 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily due to lower operating
 income from (a) our industrial service operations,
 (i) which benefited in 2008 from a significant
 turnaround/expansion contract at a refinery and (ii) which
 declined due to a dramatic decline in the demand for refined
 products which resulted in lower demand for our shop and field
 refinery and petrochemical services and (b) our mobile
 mechanical services operation as a result of reduced small
 discretionary projects, controls work and repair services due to
 the economic downturn and the cooler than normal summer in some
 of our major markets. The decrease in operating income in 2009
 was partially offset by: (a) operating income from
 companies acquired in 2009 and 2008, which contributed
 3.0 million of operating income, net of amortization
 expense of 4.4 million, and which perform maintenance
 services at utility and industrial plants and perform mobile
 mechanical services, (b) a 3.4 million reduction in
 amortization expense associated with identifiable intangible
 assets in 2009 and (c) an increase in operating income from
 our site-based government facilities services operations.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by
 10.7 million in 2009 compared to 2008, excluding the
 increase of 7.3 million of selling, general and
 administrative expenses associated with the companies acquired
 in 2009 and 2008, including amortization expense of
 1.6 million, due to lower incentive compensation expense
 and professional fees and a decrease in the provision for
 doubtful accounts consistent with a reduction in accounts
 receivable. Negatively impacting operating income in 2008 was a
 7.0 million impairment charge related to an
 other-than-temporary 
 decline in fair value of our investment in a venture, which has
 been reflected as a component of Cost of sales on
 the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Our Canada construction segment operating income for 2010 was
 0.3 million compared to operating income of
 15.4 million in 2009. The decrease in operating income for
 2010 compared to 2009 was primarily attributable to:
 (a) significant project write-downs on a construction
 project and (b) a decrease in gross profit from industrial
 (including automotive) and energy construction

28

projects. The decrease in operating income for 2010 was
 partially offset by an increase in gross profit from healthcare
 construction projects. The decrease in operating margin for 2010
 was primarily the result of a reduction in gross profit margin
 and an increase in the ratio of selling, general and
 administrative expense to revenues. Operating income improved by
 4.5 million for 2009 compared to 2008. The operating
 income improvement for 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily due
 to the improved results from energy and industrial (including
 automotive) construction projects and reduced selling, general
 and administrative expenses as a result of a reduction in
 employees. These increases were partially offset by reduced
 operating income from healthcare construction projects and a
 1.3 million decrease relating to the effect of unfavorable
 exchange rates for the Canadian dollar versus the United States
 dollar. Despite the reduction in selling, general and
 administrative expenses in 2009, these expenses, as a percentage
 of revenues, increased year over year due to lower revenues in
 2009.

Our United Kingdom construction and facilities services segment
 operating income for 2010 increased by 3.7 million
 compared to 2009. The increase in operating income for 2010
 compared to 2009 was primarily attributable to the decrease in
 the actuarially determined pension costs associated with the
 curtailment of our United Kingdom defined pension plan and
 the favorable gross profit associated with the termination of a
 contract. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of
 0.6 million relating to the effect of unfavorable exchange
 rates for the British pound versus the United States dollar. The
 increase in operating margin for 2010 was brought about by a
 combination of increased gross profit margins and a decrease in
 selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
 revenues. Operating income for 2009 was 12.0 million
 compared to 14.4 million in 2008. The decrease in
 operating income for 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily
 attributable to: (a) a decrease of 2.2 million
 relating to the effect of unfavorable exchange rates for the
 British pound versus the United States dollar and (b) an
 increase in the actuarially determined pension costs associated
 with our United Kingdom defined pension plan. These decreases
 were partially offset by an increase in operating income at the
 United Kingdom s construction business and as a result of
 the wind down of the rail division in 2009 as compared to 2008.

The Other international construction and facilities services
 segment operating loss was approximately 0.1 million,
 0.1 million and 0.7 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. In June 2010, we sold our equity interest in our
 Middle East venture to our partner in the venture. As a result
 of this sale, we received 7.9 million and recognized a
 pretax gain in this amount, which is classified as a Gain
 on sale of equity investment on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations.

Our corporate administration expenses were 55.9 million
 for 2010 compared to 63.3 million in 2009. The decrease in
 expenses for 2010 compared to 2009 was primarily attributable to
 a continued decrease in incentive compensation, marketing and
 advertising expenses, as well as lower professional fees. Our
 corporate administration expenses for 2009 decreased by
 2.6 million compared to 2008. The decrease in expenses for
 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily attributable to: (a) a
 decrease in marketing and advertising expenses, (b) lower
 incentive compensation expense and (c) a decrease in
 expenses related to meetings and conferences. In addition, our
 corporate administration costs in 2009 compared to 2008 were
 unfavorably impacted by the changes in the value of our phantom
 stock units, which vary with our stock price. Certain of the
 phantom stock units were settled in cash during the first
 quarters of 2009 and 2008, and no units are currently
 outstanding.

Non-operating
 items 

Interest expense was 12.2 million, 7.9 million and
 11.8 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The
 4.3 million increase in interest expense for 2010 compared
 to 2009 was due to higher cost of borrowing and the acceleration
 of expense for debt issuance costs associated with the
 termination of a term loan and a revolving credit facility. The
 3.9 million decrease in interest expense for 2009 compared
 to 2008 was related to the reduction in long-term indebtedness
 and lower interest rates as compared to 2008.

Interest income was 2.7 million, 4.7 million and
 9.9 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The
 decreases in interest income were primarily related to lower
 interest rates earned on our invested cash balances.

The 7.9 million Gain on sale of equity
 investment in 2010 was attributable to the June 2010 sale
 of our equity interest in our Middle East venture to our partner
 in the venture, the operating results of which have been
 reported in our Other international construction and facilities
 services segment.

For joint ventures that have been accounted for using the
 consolidation method of accounting, noncontrolling interest
 represents the allocation of earnings to our joint venture
 partners who either have a minority-ownership interest in the
 joint venture or are not at risk for the majority of losses of
 the joint venture.

Our 2010 income tax provision was 52.4 million compared to
 96.2 million for 2009 and 116.6 million for 2008
 based on effective income tax rates, before the tax effect of
 non-cash impairment charges, of approximately 36.8 , 37.4 and
 39.0 ,

29

respectively. The actual income tax rates for the year ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, inclusive of non-cash
 impairment charges, were (152.8) , 37.4 and 39.0 , respectively.

The Company recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of
 approximately 210.6 million during 2010. Approximately
 34.0 million of this impairment is deductible for income
 tax purposes. The remaining 176.6 million of this
 impairment is not deductible for income tax purposes. As shown
 above, this non-deductible portion significantly impacts the
 effective income tax rate for 2010.

Our 2009 income tax provision was 96.2 million. The
 decrease in our 2009 income tax provision was primarily due to
 reduced income before income taxes compared to 2008. Our 2008
 income tax provision was 116.6 million.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

The following table presents net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities, investing activities and financing
 activities for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009
 (in millions):

2010 

2009 

Net cash provided by operating activities

68.7

359.1

Net cash used in investing activities

(32.7

(52.6

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(47.2

1.7

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

(4.9

12.9

Our consolidated cash balance decreased by approximately
 16.1 million from 727.0 million at December 31,
 2009 to 710.8 million at December 31, 2010. Net cash
 provided by operating activities for 2010 of 68.7 million,
 compared to 359.1 million in net cash provided by
 operating activities for 2009, was primarily due to lower
 operating results, changes in our working capital, including a
 reduction in accruals for payroll and benefits and a one-time
 contribution of 25.9 million to a defined benefit pension
 plan of our United Kingdom subsidiary. Net cash used in
 investing activities was 32.7 million for 2010 compared to
 52.6 million used in 2009. This decrease was primarily due
 to 25.6 million of proceeds from the sale of equity
 investments, a 7.9 million decrease in investments in and
 advances to unconsolidated entities and joint ventures, a
 4.7 million decrease in amounts paid for the purchase of
 property, plant and equipment, and a 4.4 million decrease
 in payments pursuant to earn-out agreements, offset by a
 22.6 million increase in payments for acquisitions of
 businesses. Net cash used in financing activities for 2010 of
 47.2 million, compared to net cash provided by financing
 activities for 2009 of 1.7 million, was primarily
 attributable to repayment of our term loan and debt issuance
 costs, partially offset by borrowings under our new revolving
 credit facility. The non-cash impairment charges did not have
 any impact on our compliance with our debt covenants or on our
 cash flows.

Our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance increased by
 approximately 321.1 million from 405.9 million at
 December 31, 2008 to 727.0 million at
 December 31, 2009. The 359.1 million in net cash
 provided by operating activities for 2009 increased by
 24.1 million compared to the 335.0 million in cash
 provided by operating activities in 2008, primarily due to a
 reduction in our accounts receivable balances and other changes
 in our working capital. Net cash used in investing activities of
 52.6 million for 2009 decreased 71.6 million
 compared to 124.1 million used in investing activities for
 2008 primarily due to a 67.7 million decrease in payments
 for acquisitions of businesses, identifiable intangible assets
 and payments pursuant to related earn-out agreements. Net cash
 provided by financing activities of 1.7 million for 2009
 compared to 25.0 million used in financing activities in
 2008 was primarily due to repayment of a portion of our
 long-term indebtedness in 2008.

The following is a summary of material contractual obligations
 and other commercial commitments (in millions):

Payments Due by Period 

Less 

than 

1-3 

4-5 

After 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

1 year 

years 

years 

5 years 

Revolving Credit Facility (including interest at 3.01 (1)

159.6

4.6

155.0

Capital lease obligations

1.9

0.6

0.9

0.4

Operating leases

191.9

51.6

67.8

41.7

30.8

Open purchase obligations (2)

780.9

642.8

125.3

12.8

Other long-term obligations, including current portion (3)

213.5

31.9

167.7

13.9

Liabilities related to uncertain income tax positions

8.8

6.7

1.8

0.3

Total Contractual Obligations

1,356.6

738.2

518.5

69.1

30.8

30

Amount of Commitment Expirations by Period 

Total 

Less 

Amounts 

than 

1-3 

4-5 

After 

Other Commercial Commitments 

Committed 

1 year 

years 

years 

5 years 

Letters of credit

82.4

82.4

(1)

We classify these borrowings as
 long-term on our consolidated balance sheets because of our
 intent to repay the amounts on a long-term basis. These amounts
 are outstanding at our discretion and are not payable until the
 2010 Revolving Credit Facility expires in February 2013. As of
 December 31, 2010, there were borrowings of
 150.0 million outstanding under the 2010 Revolving Credit
 Facility.

(2)

Represents open purchase orders for
 material and subcontracting costs related to construction and
 service contracts. These purchase orders are not reflected in
 EMCOR s consolidated balance sheets and should not impact
 future cash flows, as amounts should be recovered through
 customer billings.

(3)

Represents primarily insurance
 related liabilities and liabilities for deferred income taxes,
 incentive compensation and earn-out arrangements, classified as
 other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
 Cash payments for insurance related liabilities may be payable
 beyond three years, but it is not practical to estimate these
 payments. We provide funding to our pension plans based on at
 least the minimum funding required by applicable regulations. In
 determining the minimum required funding, we utilize current
 actuarial assumptions and exchange rates to forecast estimates
 of amounts that may be payable for up to five years in the
 future. In our judgment, minimum funding estimates beyond a five
 year time horizon cannot be reliably estimated, and therefore,
 have not been included in the table.

Until February 4, 2010, we had a revolving credit agreement
 (the Old Revolving Credit Facility as amended,
 which provided for a credit facility of 375.0 million.
 Effective February 4, 2010, we replaced the Old Revolving
 Credit Facility that was due to expire October 17, 2010
 with an amended and restated 550.0 million revolving
 credit facility (the 2010 Revolving Credit
 Facility ). The 2010 Revolving Credit Facility expires in
 February 2013. It permits us to increase our borrowing to
 650.0 million if additional lenders are identified
 and/or 
 existing lenders are willing to increase their current
 commitments. We may allocate up to 175.0 million of the
 borrowing capacity under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility to
 letters of credit, which amount compares to 125.0 million
 under the Old Revolving Credit Facility. The 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of our direct and
 indirect subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of our
 assets and most of the assets of most of our subsidiaries. The
 2010 Revolving Credit Facility contains various covenants
 requiring, among other things, maintenance of certain financial
 ratios and certain restrictions with respect to payment of
 dividends, common stock repurchases, investments, acquisitions,
 indebtedness and capital expenditures. A commitment fee is
 payable on the average daily unused amount of the 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility. The fee is 0.5 of the unused amount.
 Borrowings under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility bear
 interest at (1) a rate which is the prime commercial
 lending rate announced by Bank of Montreal from time to time
 (3.25 at December 31, 2010) plus 1.75 to 2.25 ,
 based on certain financial tests or (2) United States
 dollar LIBOR (0.26 at December 31, 2010) plus 2.75 
 to 3.25 , based on certain financial tests. The interest rate in
 effect at December 31, 2010 was 3.01 . Letter of credit
 fees issued under this facility range from 2.75 to 3.25 of the
 respective face amounts of the letters of credit issued and are
 charged based on certain financial tests. We capitalized
 approximately 6.0 million of debt issuance costs
 associated with the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility. This amount
 is being amortized over the life of the facility and is included
 as part of interest expense. In connection with the termination
 of the Old Revolving Credit Facility, less than
 0.1 million attributable to the acceleration of expense
 for debt issuance costs was recorded as part of interest
 expense. As of December 31, 2010 and December 31,
 2009, we had approximately 82.4 million and
 68.9 million of letters of credit outstanding,
 respectively. There were no borrowings under the Old Revolving
 Credit Facility as of December 31, 2009. We have borrowings
 of 150.0 million outstanding under the 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility at December 31, 2010, which remains
 outstanding at our discretion until the 2010 Revolving Credit
 Facility expires. Based on the 150.0 million borrowings
 outstanding on the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility, if overall
 interest rates were to increase by 25 basis points,
 interest expense, net of income taxes, would increase by
 approximately 0.2 million in the next twelve months.
 Conversely, if overall interest rates were to decrease by
 25 basis points, interest expense, net of income taxes,
 would decrease by approximately 0.2 million in the next
 twelve months.

On September 19, 2007, we entered into an agreement
 providing for a 300.0 million term loan Term
 Loan ). The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to pay a
 portion of the consideration for an acquisition and costs and
 expenses incident thereto. In connection with the closing of the
 2010 Revolving Credit Facility, we proceeded to borrow
 150.0 million under this facility and used the proceeds
 along with cash on hand to prepay on February 4, 2010 all
 indebtedness outstanding under the Term Loan. In connection with
 this prepayment, 0.6 million attributable to the
 acceleration of expense for debt issuance costs associated with
 the Term Loan was recorded as part of interest expense.

On January 27, 2009, we entered into an interest rate swap,
 which hedged our interest rate risk associated with the Term
 Loan. We de-designated 45.5 million of the interest rate
 swap on December 31, 2009 as it was determined that it was
 no longer probable that the future estimated cash flows were
 going to occur as originally estimated. Accordingly, we
 discontinued the application of hedge accounting associated for
 this portion of the interest rate swap, and 0.2 million
 and 0.3 million was expensed as part of

31

interest expense, and removed from Accumulated other
 comprehensive loss, for the years ended December 31, 2010
 and 2009, respectively. The interest rate swap matured in
 October 2010.

One of our subsidiaries had a 40 interest in a venture that
 designs, constructs, owns, operates, leases and maintains
 facilities to produce chilled water for sale to customers for
 use in air conditioning commercial properties. The other venture
 partner, Baltimore Gas and Electric (a subsidiary of
 Constellation Energy), had a 60 interest in the venture. In
 2009, the venture, using its own cash and cash from additional
 capital contributions, acquired its outstanding bonds in the
 principal amount of 25.0 million. As a result of this, we
 were required to make an additional capital contribution of
 8.0 million to the venture. In January 2010, this venture,
 including our investment, was sold to a third party. As a result
 of this sale, we received an aggregate amount of
 17.7 million for our 40 interest and recognized a pretax
 gain of 4.5 million, which gain is included in our United
 States facilities services segment and classified as a component
 of Cost of Sales on the Consolidated Statements of
 Operations.

The terms of our construction contracts frequently require that
 we obtain from surety companies Surety Companies and provide to our customers payment and performance bonds
 Surety Bonds as a condition to the award of such
 contracts. The Surety Bonds secure our payment and performance
 obligations under such contracts, and we have agreed to
 indemnify the Surety Companies for amounts, if any, paid by them
 in respect of Surety Bonds issued on our behalf. In addition, at
 the request of labor unions representing certain of our
 employees, Surety Bonds are sometimes provided to secure
 obligations for wages and benefits payable to or for such
 employees. Public sector contracts require Surety Bonds more
 frequently than private sector contracts, and accordingly, our
 bonding requirements typically increase as the amount of public
 sector work increases. As of December 31, 2010, based on
 our
 percentage-of-completion 
 of our projects covered by Surety Bonds, our aggregate estimated
 exposure, assuming defaults on all our then existing contractual
 obligations, was approximately 1.4 billion. The Surety
 Bonds are issued by Surety Companies in return for premiums,
 which vary depending on the size and type of bond.

In recent years, there has been a reduction in the aggregate
 Surety Bond issuance capacity of Surety Companies due to the
 economy and the regulatory environment. Consequently, the
 availability of Surety Bonds has become more limited and the
 terms upon which Surety Bonds are available have become more
 restrictive. We continually monitor our available limits of
 Surety Bonds and discuss with our current and other Surety Bond
 providers the amount of Surety Bonds that may be available to us
 based on our financial strength and the absence of any default
 by us on any Surety Bond issued on our behalf. However, if we
 experience changes in our bonding relationships or if there are
 further changes in the surety industry, we may seek to satisfy
 certain customer requests for Surety Bonds by posting other
 forms of collateral in lieu of Surety Bonds such as letters of
 credit or guarantees by EMCOR Group, Inc., by seeking to
 convince customers to forego the requirement for Surety Bonds,
 by increasing our activities in business segments that rarely
 require Surety Bonds such as the facilities services segment,
 and/or by
 refraining from bidding for certain projects that require Surety
 Bonds. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
 effectuate alternatives to providing Surety Bonds to our
 customers or to obtain, on favorable terms, sufficient
 additional work that does not require Surety Bonds to replace
 projects requiring Surety Bonds that we may decide not to
 pursue. Accordingly, if we were to experience a reduction in the
 availability of Surety Bonds, we could experience a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
 and/or cash
 flows.

We do not have any other material financial guarantees or
 off-balance sheet arrangements other than those disclosed herein.

Our primary source of liquidity has been, and is expected to
 continue to be, cash generated by operating activities. We also
 maintain our 2010 Revolving Credit Facility, that may be
 utilized, among other things, to meet short-term liquidity needs
 in the event cash generated by operating activities is
 insufficient or to enable us to seize opportunities to
 participate in joint ventures or to make acquisitions that may
 require access to cash on short notice or for any other reason.
 However, negative macroeconomic trends may have an adverse
 effect on liquidity. In addition to managing borrowings, our
 focus on the facilities services market is intended to provide
 an additional buffer against economic downturns inasmuch as a
 part of our facilities services business is characterized by
 annual and multi-year contracts that provide a more predictable
 stream of cash flow than the construction business. Short-term
 liquidity is also impacted by the type and length of
 construction contracts in place. During past economic downturns,
 there were typically fewer small discretionary projects from the
 private sector, and companies like us aggressively bid larger
 long-term infrastructure and public sector contracts.
 Performance of long duration contracts typically requires
 greater amounts of working capital. While we strive to maintain
 a net over-billed position with our customers, there can be no
 assurance that a net over-billed position can be maintained. Our
 net over-billings, defined as the balance sheet accounts
 Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
 uncompleted contracts less Cost and estimated
 earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts ,
 were 368.4 million and 436.2 million as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively.

Long-term liquidity requirements can be expected to be met
 through cash generated from operating activities and our 2010
 Revolving Credit Facility. Based upon our current credit ratings
 and financial position, we can reasonably expect to be able to
 incur long-term debt to fund acquisitions. Over the long term,
 our primary revenue risk factor continues to be the level of
 demand for non-

32

residential construction services, which is influenced by
 macroeconomic trends including interest rates and governmental
 economic policy. In addition, our ability to perform work is
 critical to meeting long-term liquidity requirements.

We believe that current cash balances and our borrowing capacity
 available under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility or other
 forms of financing available to us through borrowings, combined
 with cash expected to be generated from operations, will be
 sufficient to provide our short-term and foreseeable long-term
 liquidity needs and meet our expected capital expenditure
 requirements. However, we are a party to lawsuits and other
 proceedings in which other parties seek to recover from us
 amounts ranging from a few thousand dollars to over
 60.0 million. If we were required to pay damages in one or
 more such proceedings, such payments could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
 and/or cash
 flows.

Certain
 Insurance Matters 

As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, we utilized approximately
 82.2 million and 66.5 million, respectively, of
 letters of credit obtained under our 2010 Revolving Credit
 Facility and the Old Revolving Credit Facility, respectively, as
 collateral for insurance obligations.

New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

We review new accounting standards to determine the expected
 financial impact, if any, that the adoption of such standards
 will have. As of the filing of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 there were no new accounting standards that were projected to
 have a material impact on our consolidated financial position,
 results of operations or liquidity. See Note 2 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to consolidated
 financial statements included in Item 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data for further information
 regarding new accounting standards recently issued
 and/or 
 adopted by us.

Application
 of Critical Accounting Policies 

Our consolidated financial statements are based on the
 application of significant accounting policies, which require
 management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Our
 significant accounting policies are described in
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of
 the notes to consolidated financial statements included in
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
 Form 10-K. 
 We believe that some of the more critical judgment areas in the
 application of accounting policies that affect our financial
 condition and results of operations are the impact of changes in
 the estimates and judgments pertaining to: (a) revenue
 recognition from (i) long-term construction contracts for
 which the
 percentage-of-completion 
 method of accounting is used and (ii) services contracts;
 (b) collectibility or valuation of accounts receivable;
 (c) insurance liabilities; (d) income taxes; and
 (e) goodwill and identifiable intangible assets.

Revenue
 Recognition from Long-term Construction Contracts and Services
 Contracts 

We believe our most critical accounting policy is revenue
 recognition from long-term construction contracts for which we
 use the
 percentage-of-completion 
 method of accounting.
 Percentage-of-completion 
 accounting is the prescribed method of accounting for long-term
 contracts in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
 ASC Topic
 605-35, 
 Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and
 Production-Type Contracts , and, accordingly, is the method
 used for revenue recognition within our industry.
 Percentage-of-completion 
 is measured principally by the percentage of costs incurred to
 date for each contract to the estimated total costs for such
 contract at completion. Certain of our electrical contracting
 business units and our Canadian subsidiary measure
 percentage-of-completion 
 by the percentage of labor costs incurred to date for each
 contract to the estimated total labor costs for such contract.
 Provisions for the entirety of estimated losses on uncompleted
 contracts are made in the period in which such losses are
 determined. Application of
 percentage-of-completion 
 accounting results in the recognition of costs and estimated
 earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts in our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. Costs and estimated earnings in
 excess of billings on uncompleted contracts reflected in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets arise when revenues have been
 recognized but the amounts cannot be billed under the terms of
 contracts. Such amounts are recoverable from customers based
 upon various measures of performance, including achievement of
 certain milestones, completion of specified units or completion
 of a contract.

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts also include amounts we seek or will seek
 to collect from customers or others for errors or changes in
 contract specifications or design, contract change orders in
 dispute or unapproved as to both scope and price or other
 customer-related causes of unanticipated additional contract
 costs (claims and unapproved change orders). Such amounts are
 recorded at estimated net realizable value and take into account
 factors that may affect our ability to bill unbilled revenues
 and collect amounts after billing. The profit associated with
 claim amounts is not recognized until the claim has been settled
 and payment has been received. As of December 31, 2010 and
 2009, costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts included unbilled revenues for unapproved
 change orders of approximately 9.3 million and
 11.2 million,

33

respectively, and claims of approximately 6.3 million and
 4.9 million, respectively. In addition, accounts
 receivable as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 included claims
 of approximately 1.8 million and 2.5 million,
 respectively, plus unapproved change orders and contractually
 billed amounts related to such contracts of approximately
 42.7 million and 29.6 million, respectively.
 Generally, contractually billed amounts will not be paid by the
 customer to us until final resolution of related claims. Due to
 uncertainties inherent in estimates employed in applying
 percentage-of-completion 
 accounting, estimates may be revised as project work progresses.
 Application of
 percentage-of-completion 
 accounting requires that the impact of revised estimates be
 reported prospectively in the consolidated financial statements.
 In addition to revenue recognition for long-term construction
 contracts, we recognize revenues from the performance of
 facilities services for maintenance, repair and retrofit work
 consistent with the performance of services, which are generally
 on a pro-rata basis over the life of the contractual
 arrangement. Expenses related to all services arrangements are
 recognized as incurred. Revenues related to the engineering,
 manufacturing and repairing of shell and tube heat exchangers
 are recognized when the product is shipped and all other revenue
 recognition criteria have been met. Costs related to this work
 are included in inventory until the product is shipped. These
 costs include all direct material, labor and subcontracting
 costs and indirect costs related to performance such as
 supplies, tools and repairs.

Accounts
 Receivable 

We are required to estimate the collectibility of accounts
 receivable. A considerable amount of judgment is required in
 assessing the likelihood of realization of receivables. Relevant
 assessment factors include the creditworthiness of the customer,
 our prior collection history with the customer and related aging
 of past due balances. The provision for doubtful accounts during
 2010 decreased by 12.3 million compared to 2009. This
 decrease was due to the recovery of amounts previously
 determined to be uncollectible and a reduction in the 2010
 provision. The provision for doubtful accounts during 2009 and
 2008 amounted to approximately 7.2 million and
 11.7 million, respectively. At December 31, 2010 and
 2009, our accounts receivable of 1,090.9 million and
 1,057.2 million, respectively, included allowances for
 doubtful accounts of 17.3 million and 36.2 million,
 respectively. The decrease in our allowances for doubtful
 accounts was due to the recovery of amounts previously
 determined to be uncollectible and the write-off of accounts
 receivable against the allowances for doubtful accounts.
 Specific accounts receivable are evaluated when we believe a
 customer may not be able to meet its financial obligations due
 to deterioration of its financial condition or its credit
 ratings. The allowance for doubtful accounts requirements are
 based on the best facts available and are re-evaluated and
 adjusted on a regular basis as additional information is
 received.

Insurance
 Liabilities 

We have loss payment deductibles for certain workers 
 compensation, automobile liability, general liability and
 property claims, have self-insured retentions for certain other
 casualty claims, and are self-insured for employee-related
 health care claims. Losses are recorded based upon estimates of
 our liability for claims incurred and for claims incurred but
 not reported. The liabilities are derived from known facts,
 historical trends and industry averages utilizing the assistance
 of an actuary to determine the best estimate for the majority of
 these obligations. We believe the liabilities recognized on our
 balance sheets for these obligations are adequate. However, such
 obligations are difficult to assess and estimate due to numerous
 factors, including severity of injury, determination of
 liability in proportion to other parties, timely reporting of
 occurrences and effectiveness of safety and risk management
 programs. Therefore, if our actual experience differs from the
 assumptions and estimates used for recording the liabilities,
 adjustments may be required and will be recorded in the period
 that the experience becomes known.

Income
 Taxes 

We had net deferred income tax assets at December 31, 2010
 of 5.2 million and net deferred income tax liabilities of
 6.8 million at December 31, 2009, primarily resulting
 from differences between the carrying value and income tax basis
 of certain depreciable fixed assets and identifiable intangible
 assets, which will impact our taxable income in future periods.
 A valuation allowance is required when it is more likely than
 not that all or a portion of a deferred income tax asset will
 not be realized. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, the
 total valuation allowance on gross deferred income tax assets
 was approximately 0.8 million and 4.0 million,
 respectively.

Goodwill
 and Identifiable Intangible Assets 

As of December 31, 2010, we had 406.8 million and
 245.1 million, respectively, of goodwill and net
 identifiable intangible assets (primarily consisting of our
 contract backlog, developed technology, customer relationships,
 non-competition agreements and trade names), primarily arising
 out of the acquisition of companies. As of December 31,
 2009, goodwill and net identifiable intangible assets were
 593.6 million and 264.5 million, respectively. The
 changes to goodwill and net identifiable intangible assets (net
 of accumulated amortization) since December 31, 2009 were
 related to: (a) a non-cash impairment charge related to
 goodwill

34

and trade names associated with certain prior year acquisitions,
 (b) the acquisition of two companies during 2010 and
 (c) earn-outs paid and/or accrued related to previous
 acquisitions. During 2010, the purchase price accounting for one
 of the acquisitions was finalized. As a result, identifiable
 intangible assets ascribed to its goodwill, contract backlog,
 customer relationships, trade name and related non-competition
 agreements were adjusted with an insignificant impact. The
 determination of related estimated useful lives for identifiable
 intangible assets and whether those assets are impaired involves
 significant judgments based upon short and long-term projections
 of future performance. These forecasts reflect assumptions
 regarding the ability to successfully integrate acquired
 companies, as well as macroeconomic conditions. ASC Topic
 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC
 350 requires goodwill and other identifiable intangible
 assets with indefinite useful lives not be amortized, but
 instead must be tested at least annually for impairment (which
 we test each October 1, absent any impairment indicators),
 and be written down if impaired. ASC 350 requires that
 goodwill be allocated to its respective reporting unit and that
 identifiable intangible assets with finite lives be amortized
 over their useful lives.

During the third quarter of 2010 and prior to our October 1
 annual impairment test, we concluded that impairment indicators
 may have existed within the United States facilities services
 segment based upon the year to date results and recent
 forecasts. As a result of that conclusion, we performed a step
 one test as prescribed under ASC 350 for that particular
 reporting unit which concluded that impairment indicators
 existed within that reporting unit due to significant declines
 in year to date revenues and operating margins which caused us
 to revise our expectations for the strength of a near term
 recovery in our financial models for businesses within that
 reporting unit. Specifically, we reduced our net sales growth
 rates and operating margins within our discounted cash flow
 model, as well as our terminal value growth rates. In addition,
 we estimated a higher participant risk adjusted weighted average
 cost of capital. Therefore, the required second step of the
 assessment for the reporting unit was performed in which the
 implied fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill was
 compared to the book value of that goodwill. The implied fair
 value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount
 of goodwill recognized in a business combination, that is, the
 estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all
 of those assets and liabilities of that unit (including both
 recognized and unrecognized intangible assets) as if the
 reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and
 the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase
 price paid. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit s
 goodwill is greater than the implied fair value of that
 reporting unit s goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized
 in the amount of the excess and is charged to operations. We
 determined the fair value of the reporting unit using discounted
 estimated future cash flows. The weighted average cost of
 capital used in testing for impairment at the interim date was
 12.5 with a perpetual growth rate of 2.8 for our United States
 facilities services segment. As a result of our interim
 impairment assessment, we recognized a 210.6 million
 non-cash goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter of
 2010. Additionally, we performed our annual impairment test as
 of October 1, and no additional impairment of our goodwill
 was recognized for any of our reporting segments in the fourth
 quarter of 2010. The weighted average cost of capital used in
 our annual testing for impairment was 13.2 and 12.2 for our
 domestic construction segments and our United States facilities
 services segment, respectively. The perpetual growth rate used
 for our annual testing was 3.0 for our domestic construction
 segments and 2.8 for our United States facilities services
 segment, respectively. For the years ended December 31,
 2009 and 2008, no impairment of our goodwill was recognized. As
 of December 31, 2010, we had 406.8 million of
 goodwill on our balance sheet and, of this amount, approximately
 56.0 relates to our United States facilities services segment,
 approximately 43.1 relates to our United States mechanical
 construction and facilities services segment and approximately
 0.9 relates to our United States electrical construction and
 facilities services segment. As of the date of our latest
 impairment test, the fair values of our United States facilities
 services, United States mechanical construction and facilities
 services and United States electrical construction and
 facilities services segments exceeded their carrying values by
 approximately 50.6 million, 301.6 million and
 337.8 million, respectively.

We also test for the impairment of trade names that are not
 subject to amortization by calculating the fair value using the
 relief from royalty payments methodology. This
 approach involves two steps: (a) estimating reasonable
 royalty rates for each trade name and (b) applying these
 royalty rates to a net revenue stream and discounting the
 resulting cash flows to determine fair value. This fair value is
 then compared with the carrying value of each trade name. If the
 carrying amount of the trade name is greater than the implied
 fair value of the trade name, an impairment in the amount of the
 excess is recognized and charged to operations. The annual
 impairment review of our trade names for the year ended
 December 31, 2009 resulted in an 11.5 million
 non-cash impairment charge as a result of a change in the fair
 value of trade names associated with certain prior acquisitions
 reported within our United States facilities services and United
 States mechanical construction and facilities services segments.
 As a result of the continued assessment of the fair value of
 trade names previously impaired and the interim impairment
 testing performed during the second and third quarters of 2010,
 we recorded an additional 35.5 million non-cash impairment
 charge of trade names associated with certain prior year
 acquisitions. These trade names are reported within our United
 States facilities services segment. The current year impairment
 primarily results from both lower forecasted revenues from and
 operating margins at our United States facilities services
 segment, which has been adversely affected by industry
 conditions. Additionally, we performed our annual impairment
 test as of October 1, and no additional impairment of our
 trade names was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2010. For
 the year ended December 31, 2008, no impairment of our
 trade names was recognized.

35

In addition, we review for the impairment of other identifiable
 intangible assets that are being amortized whenever facts and
 circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be
 fully recoverable. This test compares their carrying values to
 the undiscounted pre-tax cash flows expected to result from the
 use of the assets. If the assets are impaired, the assets are
 written down to their fair values, generally determined based on
 their future discounted cash flows. Based on facts and
 circumstances that indicated an impairment may exist, we
 performed an impairment review of our other identifiable
 intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2009,
 which resulted in a 2.0 million non-cash impairment charge
 as a result of a change in the fair value of customer
 relationships associated with certain prior acquisitions
 reported within our United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segment. For the years ended
 December 31, 2010 and 2008, no impairment of our other
 identifiable intangible assets was recognized.

Our development of the present value of future cash flow
 projections used in impairment testing is based upon assumptions
 and estimates by management from a review of our operating
 results, business plans, anticipated growth rates and margins
 and weighted average cost of capital, among others. Much of the
 information used in assessing fair value is outside the control
 of management, such as interest rates, and these assumptions and
 estimates can change in future periods. There can be no
 assurances that our estimates and assumptions made for purposes
 of our goodwill and identifiable intangible asset impairment
 testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If
 our assumptions regarding business plans or anticipated growth
 rates and/or 
 margins are not achieved, or there is a rise in interest rates,
 we may be required, as we were in the second and third quarters
 of 2010 and in the fourth quarter of 2009, to record further
 goodwill
 and/or 
 identifiable intangible asset impairment charges in future
 periods.

During 2010, we recognized a 246.1 million non-cash
 impairment charge as discussed above. Of this amount,
 210.6 million relates to goodwill and 35.5 million
 relates to trade names. It is not possible at this time to
 determine if any such future impairment charge would result or,
 if it does, whether such a charge would be material.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We have not used any derivative financial instruments, except as
 discussed below, during the years ended December 31, 2010
 and 2009, including trading or speculating on changes in
 commodity prices of materials used in our business.

We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates for
 borrowings under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility and were
 exposed to market risk as it related to the interest rate swap.
 Borrowings under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility bear
 interest at variable rates. For further information on borrowing
 rates and interest rate sensitivity, refer to the Liquidity and
 Capital Resources discussion in Item 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations. As of December 31, 2010, there were borrowings
 of 150.0 million outstanding under the 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2009, the fair value of
 our interest rate swap was a net liability of 1.2 million.
 Under the terms of the interest rate swap, which matured in
 October 2010, we paid the counterparty a fixed rate of interest
 of 2.225 and received a variable rate of interest from the same
 counterparty.

We are also exposed to construction market risk and its
 potential related impact on accounts receivable or costs and
 estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted
 contracts. The amounts recorded may be at risk if our
 customers ability to pay these obligations is negatively
 impacted by economic conditions. We continually monitor the
 creditworthiness of our customers and maintain on-going
 discussions with customers regarding contract status with
 respect to change orders and billing terms. Therefore, we
 believe we take appropriate action to manage market and other
 risks, but there is no assurance that we will be able to
 reasonably identify all risks with respect to collectibility of
 these assets. See also the previous discussions of Revenue
 Recognition from Long-term Construction Contracts and Services
 Contracts and Accounts Receivable under Application of Critical
 Accounting Policies in Item 7. Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Amounts invested in our foreign operations are translated into
 U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at year end.
 The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of
 equity, in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe the
 exposure to the effects that fluctuating foreign currencies may
 have on our consolidated results of operations is limited
 because the foreign operations primarily invoice customers and
 collect obligations in their respective local currencies.
 Additionally, expenses associated with these transactions are
 generally contracted and paid for in their same local currencies.

In addition, we are exposed to market risk of fluctuations in
 certain commodity prices of materials, such as copper and steel,
 which are used as components of supplies or materials utilized
 in both our construction and facilities services operations. We
 are also exposed to increases in energy prices, particularly as
 they relate to gasoline prices for our fleet of over 8,000
 vehicles. While we believe we can increase our prices to adjust
 for some price increases in commodities, there can be no
 assurance that price increases of commodities, if they were to
 occur, would be recoverable.

36

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In
 thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

710,836

726,975

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of
 17,287 and 36,188, respectively

1,090,927

1,057,171

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts

88,253

90,049

Inventories

32,778

34,468

Prepaid expenses and other

57,373

68,702

Total current assets

1,980,167

1,977,365

Investments, notes and other long-term receivables

6,211

19,287

Property, plant and equipment, net

88,615

92,057

Goodwill

406,804

593,628

Identifiable intangible assets, net

245,089

264,522

Other assets

28,656

35,035

Total assets

2,755,542

2,981,894

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Borrowings under revolving credit facility

Current maturities of long-term debt and capital lease
 obligations

489

45,100

Accounts payable

416,715

379,764

Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
 uncompleted contracts

456,690

526,241

Accrued payroll and benefits

192,407

215,967

Other accrued expenses and liabilities

166,398

167,533

Total current liabilities

1,232,699

1,334,605

Borrowings under revolving credit facility

150,000

Long-term debt and capital lease obligations

1,184

150,251

Other long-term obligations

208,814

270,572

Total liabilities

1,592,697

1,755,428

Equity:

EMCOR Group, Inc. stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 0.01 par value, 1,000,000 shares
 authorized, zero issued and outstanding

Common stock, 0.01 par value, 200,000,000 shares
 authorized, 68,954,426 and 68,675,223 shares issued, respectively

690

687

Capital surplus

427,613

416,267

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(42,411

(52,699

Retained earnings

782,576

869,267

Treasury stock, at cost 2,293,875 and 2,487,879 shares,
 respectively

(15,525

(15,451

Total EMCOR Group, Inc. stockholders equity

1,152,943

1,218,071

Noncontrolling interests

9,902

8,395

Total equity

1,162,845

1,226,466

Total liabilities and equity

2,755,542

2,981,894

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are
 an integral part of these statements.

37

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For
 The Years Ended December 31, 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Revenues

5,121,285

5,547,942

6,785,242

Cost of sales

4,401,741

4,723,042

5,898,591

Gross profit

719,544

824,900

886,651

Selling, general and administrative expenses

497,808

542,949

582,317

Restructuring expenses

4,341

6,000

1,757

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

246,081

13,526

Operating (loss) income

(28,686

262,425

302,577

Interest expense

(12,204

(7,890

(11,764

Interest income

2,701

4,735

9,910

Gain on sale of equity investment

7,900

(Loss) income before income taxes

(30,289

259,270

300,723

Income tax provision

52,395

96,193

116,588

Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests

(82,684

163,077

184,135

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

(4,007

(2,321

(1,931

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. 

(86,691

160,756

182,204

Basic (loss) earnings per common share:

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. common
 stockholders

(1.31

2.44

2.79

Diluted (loss) earnings per common share:

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. common
 stockholders

(1.31

2.38

2.71

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are
 an integral part of these statements.

38

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For
 The Years Ended December 31, 
 (In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests

(82,684

163,077

184,135

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided
 by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

25,498

26,768

25,160

Amortization of identifiable intangible assets

16,417

18,977

23,357

(Recovery of) provision for doubtful accounts

(5,126

7,178

11,671

Deferred income taxes

(15,390

2,922

(9,492

Gain on sale of equity investments

(12,409

Loss (gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment

127

387

(495

Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation

(1,474

(2,203

(1,232

Equity income from unconsolidated entities

(843

(2,706

(3,300

Non-cash expense for impairment of equity investment

6,967

Non-cash expense for amortization of debt issuance costs

2,703

1,530

1,815

Non-cash expense for impairment of goodwill and identifiable
 intangible assets

246,081

13,526

Non-cash compensation expense

5,742

7,454

5,905

Supplemental defined benefit plan contribution

(25,916

Distributions from unconsolidated entities

958

6,177

5,542

Changes in operating assets and liabilities excluding effect of
 businesses acquired:

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable

(8,342

354,206

57,246

Decrease (increase) in inventories

2,118

20,135

(601

Decrease in costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings
 on uncompleted contracts

8,757

18,472

51,280

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable

16,992

(135,107

(43,740

(Decrease) increase in billings in excess of costs and estimated
 earnings on uncompleted contracts

(73,714

(87,645

22,117

Decrease in accrued payroll and benefits and other accrued
 expenses and liabilities

(43,908

(20,977

(13,069

Changes in other assets and liabilities, net

13,065

(33,059

11,760

Net cash provided by operating activities

68,652

359,112

335,026

Cash flows from investing activities:

Payments for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired,
 identifiable intangible assets and related earn-out agreements

(39,902

(21,686

(89,359

Proceeds from sale of equity investments

25,570

Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations

2,462

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

1,032

1,215

1,381

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(19,359

(24,100

(37,514

Investment in and advances to unconsolidated entities and joint
 ventures

(65

(8,000

(800

Net disbursements for other investments

(297

Net cash used in investing activities

(32,724

(52,571

(124,127

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from revolving credit facility

153,000

58,500

Repayments of revolving credit facility

(3,000

(58,500

Repayments for long-term debt and debt issuance costs

(200,828

(3,041

(28,101

Repayments for capital lease obligations

(430

(1,085

(916

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

2,818

2,801

2,408

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan

2,305

2,165

379

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

(2,500

(1,350

Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation

1,474

2,203

1,232

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(47,161

1,693

(24,998

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

(4,906

12,872

(31,669

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

(16,139

321,106

154,232

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

726,975

405,869

251,637

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

710,836

726,975

405,869

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are
 an integral part of these statements.

39

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND 
 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In
 thousands) 

EMCOR Group, Inc. Stockholders 

Accumulated 

other 

Comprehensive 

Common 

Capital 

comprehensive 

Retained 

Treasury 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

(loss) income 

stock 

surplus 

(loss) income (1) 

earnings 

stock 

interests 

Balance, December 31, 2007

891,734

678

387,288

(15,102

526,307

(14,130

6,693

Net income including noncontrolling interests

184,135

184,135

182,204

1,931

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(15,558

(15,558

(15,558

Pension adjustment, net of tax of 7.4 million

(18,658

(18,658

(18,658

Comprehensive income

149,919

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

(1,931

Comprehensive income attributable to EMCOR

147,988

Issuance of treasury stock for restricted stock units (2)

(108

108

Treasury stock, at cost (3)

(493

(493

Common stock issued under share-based compensation plans, net (4)

4,525

3

4,431

91

Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan

379

379

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

(1,200

(1,200

Share-based compensation expense

5,905

5,905

Balance, December 31, 2008

1,050,769

681

397,895

(49,318

708,511

(14,424

7,424

Net income including noncontrolling interests

163,077

163,077

160,756

2,321

Foreign currency translation adjustments

5,830

5,830

8

5,822

Pension adjustment, net of tax of 3.2 million

(8,612

(8,612

(8,612

Deferred loss on cash flow hedge, net of tax of 0.5 million

(746

(746

(746

Loss on partial de-designation of cash flow hedge, net of tax of
 0.1 million

155

155

155

Comprehensive income

159,704

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

(2,321

Comprehensive income attributable to EMCOR

157,383

Treasury stock, at cost (3)

(1,660

(1,660

Common stock issued under share-based compensation plans (4)

9,384

6

8,745

633

Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan

2,165

2,165

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

(1,350

(1,350

Share-based compensation expense

5,492

5,492

Capital contributed by selling shareholders of an acquired
 business (5)

1,962

1,962

Balance, December 31, 2009

1,226,466

687

416,267

(52,699

869,267

(15,451

8,395

40

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND 
 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (Continued) 
 (In
 thousands) 

EMCOR Group, Inc. Stockholders 

Accumulated 

other 

Comprehensive 

Common 

Capital 

comprehensive 

Retained 

Treasury 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

(loss) income 

stock 

surplus 

(loss) income (1) 

earnings 

stock 

interests 

Balance, December 31, 2009

1,226,466

687

416,267

(52,699

869,267

(15,451

8,395

Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests

(82,684

(82,684

(86,691

4,007

Foreign currency translation adjustments

3,196

3,196

3,196

Pension adjustment, net of tax of 2.5 million

6,501

6,501

6,501

Deferred gain on cash flow hedge, net of tax of 0.4 million

591

591

591

Comprehensive loss

(72,396

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

(4,007

Comprehensive loss attributable to EMCOR

(76,403

Treasury stock, at cost (3)

(875

(875

Common stock issued under share-based compensation plans (4)

4,103

3

3,299

801

Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan

2,305

2,305

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

(2,500

(2,500

Share-based compensation expense

5,742

5,742

Balance, December 31, 2010

1,162,845

690

427,613

(42,411

782,576

(15,525

9,902

(1)

As of December 31, 2010,
 represents cumulative foreign currency translation and pension
 liability adjustments of 19.8 million and
 (62.2) million, respectively. As of December 31,
 2009, represents cumulative foreign currency translation,
 pension liability adjustments and deferred loss on interest rate
 swap of 16.6 million, (68.7) million and
 (0.6) million, respectively. As of December 31, 2008,
 represents cumulative foreign currency translation and pension
 liability adjustments of 10.8 million and
 (60.1) million, respectively.

(2)

Represents common stock transferred
 at cost from treasury stock upon the vesting of restricted stock
 units.

(3)

Represents value of shares of
 common stock withheld by EMCOR for income tax withholding
 requirements upon the issuance of shares in respect of
 restricted stock units.

(4)

Includes the tax benefit associated
 with share-based compensation of 2.0 million in 2010,
 2.2 million in 2009 and 1.8 million in 2008.

(5)

Represents redistributed portion of
 acquisition-related payments to certain employees of a company,
 the outstanding stock of which we acquired. These employees were
 not shareholders of that company. Such payments were dependent
 on continuing employment with us and were recorded as non-cash
 compensation expense.

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are
 an integral part of these statements.

41

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

NATURE OF
 OPERATIONS 

References to the Company, EMCOR, 
 we, us, our and similar
 words refer to EMCOR Group, Inc. and its consolidated
 subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise.

We are one of the largest electrical and mechanical construction
 and facilities services firms in the United States, Canada,
 the United Kingdom and in the world. We specialize principally
 in providing construction services relating to electrical and
 mechanical systems in facilities of all types and in providing
 comprehensive services for the operation, maintenance and
 management of substantially all aspects of such facilities,
 commonly referred to as facilities services. We
 design, integrate, install,
 start-up, 
 operate and maintain various electrical and mechanical systems,
 including: (a) electric power transmission and distribution
 systems; (b) premises electrical and lighting systems;
 (c) low-voltage systems, such as fire alarm, security and
 process control systems; (d) voice and data communication
 systems; (e) roadway and transit lighting and fiber optic
 lines; (f) heating, ventilation, air conditioning,
 refrigeration and clean-room process ventilation systems;
 (g) fire protection systems; (h) plumbing, process and
 high-purity piping systems; (i) water and wastewater
 treatment systems; and (j) central plant heating and
 cooling systems. We provide electrical and mechanical
 construction services and facilities services directly to
 corporations, municipalities and other governmental entities,
 owners/developers and tenants of buildings. We also provide
 these services indirectly by acting as a subcontractor to
 general contractors, systems suppliers and other subcontractors.
 Electrical and mechanical construction services generally fall
 into one of two categories: (a) large installation projects
 with contracts often in the multi-million dollar range that
 involve construction of industrial and commercial buildings and
 institutional and public works facilities or the fit-out of
 large blocks of space within commercial buildings and
 (b) smaller installation projects typically involving
 fit-out, renovation and retrofit work. Our facilities services
 operations, which support the operation of a customer s
 facilities, include: (a) industrial maintenance and
 services; (b) outage services to utilities and industrial
 plants; (c) commercial and government site-based operations
 and maintenance; (d) military base operations support
 services; (e) mobile maintenance and services;
 (f) facilities management; (g) installation and
 support for building systems; (h) program development,
 management and maintenance for energy systems; (i) shop and
 on-site 
 field services for refineries and petrochemical plants;
 (j) technical consulting and diagnostic services;
 (k) infrastructure and building projects for federal, state
 and local governmental agencies and bodies; (l) small
 modification and retrofit projects; and (m) retrofit
 projects to comply with clean air laws. These services are
 provided to a wide range of commercial, industrial, utility and
 institutional facilities including those at which we provided
 construction services.

NOTE 2 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles
 of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Significant
 intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. All
 investments over which we exercise significant influence, but do
 not control (a 20 to 50 ownership interest), are accounted for
 using the equity method of accounting. Additionally, we
 participate in a joint venture with another company, and we have
 consolidated this joint venture as we have determined that
 through our participation we have a variable interest and are
 the primary beneficiary as defined by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard
 Codification ASC Topic 810,
 Consolidation .

For joint ventures that have been accounted for using the
 consolidation method of accounting, noncontrolling interest
 represents the allocation of earnings to our joint venture
 partners who either have a minority-ownership interest in the
 joint venture or are not at risk for the majority of losses of
 the joint venture.

The results of operations of companies acquired have been
 included in the results of operations from the date of the
 respective acquisition.

Principles
 of Preparation 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements, in
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States, requires us to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
 the date of

42

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES (Continued) 

the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
 materially differ from those estimates.

Our reportable segments reflect certain reclassifications of
 prior year amounts from our United States mechanical
 construction and facilities services segment to our United
 States facilities services segment due to changes in our
 internal reporting structure.

Revenue
 Recognition 

Revenues from long-term construction contracts are recognized on
 the
 percentage-of-completion 
 method in accordance with ASC Topic
 605-35, 
 Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and
 Production-Type Contracts .
 Percentage-of-completion 
 is measured principally by the percentage of costs incurred to
 date for each contract to the estimated total costs for such
 contract at completion. Certain of our electrical contracting
 business units and our Canadian subsidiary measure
 percentage-of-completion 
 by the percentage of labor costs incurred to date for each
 contract to the estimated total labor costs for such contract.
 Revenues from the performance of facilities services for
 maintenance, repair and retrofit work are recognized consistent
 with the performance of services, which are generally on a
 pro-rata basis over the life of the contractual arrangement.
 Expenses related to all services arrangements are recognized as
 incurred. Revenues related to the engineering, manufacturing and
 repairing of shell and tube heat exchangers are recognized when
 the product is shipped and all other revenue recognition
 criteria have been met. Costs related to this work are included
 in inventory until the product is shipped. These costs include
 all direct material, labor and subcontracting costs and indirect
 costs related to performance such as supplies, tools and
 repairs. Provisions for the entirety of estimated losses on
 uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such
 losses are determined. In the case of customer change orders for
 uncompleted long-term construction contracts, estimated
 recoveries are included for work performed in forecasting
 ultimate profitability on certain contracts. Due to
 uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible
 that completion costs, including those arising from contract
 penalty provisions and final contract settlements, will be
 revised in the near-term. Such revisions to costs and income are
 recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined.

Costs and
 estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts arise in the consolidated balance sheets
 when revenues have been recognized but the amounts cannot be
 billed under the terms of the contracts. Such amounts are
 recoverable from customers upon various measures of performance,
 including achievement of certain milestones, completion of
 specified units, or completion of a contract. Also included in
 costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts are
 amounts we seek or will seek to collect from customers or others
 for errors or changes in contract specifications or design,
 contract change orders in dispute or unapproved as to both scope
 and/or price
 or other customer-related causes of unanticipated additional
 contract costs (claims and unapproved change orders). Such
 amounts are recorded at estimated net realizable value when
 realization is probable and can be reasonably estimated. No
 profit is recognized on construction costs incurred in
 connection with claim amounts. Claims and unapproved change
 orders made by us involve negotiation and, in certain cases,
 litigation. In the event litigation costs are incurred by us in
 connection with claims or unapproved change orders, such
 litigation costs are expensed as incurred, although we may seek
 to recover these costs. We believe that we have established
 legal bases for pursuing recovery of our recorded unapproved
 change orders and claims, and it is management s intention
 to pursue and litigate such claims, if necessary, until a
 decision or settlement is reached. Unapproved change orders and
 claims also involve the use of estimates, and it is reasonably
 possible that revisions to the estimated recoverable amounts of
 recorded claims and unapproved change orders may be made in the
 near term. If we do not successfully resolve these matters, a
 net expense (recorded as a reduction in revenues) may be
 required, in addition to amounts that may have been previously
 provided for. We record the profit associated with the
 settlement of claims upon receipt of final payment. Claims
 against us are recognized when a loss is considered probable and
 amounts are reasonably determinable.

43

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES (Continued) 

Costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts and
 related amounts billed as of December 31, 2010 and 2009
 were as follows (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Costs incurred on uncompleted contracts

7,274,211

8,156,428

Estimated earnings, thereon

811,651

795,407

8,085,862

8,951,835

Less: billings to date

8,454,299

9,388,027

(368,437

(436,192

Such amounts were included in the accompanying Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2010 and 2009 under the
 following captions (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts

88,253

90,049

Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
 uncompleted contracts

(456,690

(526,241

(368,437

(436,192

As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, costs and estimated
 earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts included
 unbilled revenues for unapproved change orders of approximately
 9.3 million and 11.2 million, respectively, and
 claims of approximately 6.3 million and 4.9 million,
 respectively. In addition, accounts receivable as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 included claims of approximately
 1.8 million and 2.5 million, respectively, plus
 contractually billed amounts related to such contracts of
 42.7 million and 29.6 million, respectively.
 Generally, contractually billed amounts will not be paid by the
 customer to us until final resolution of related claims.

Classification
 of Contract Amounts 

In accordance with industry practice, we classify as current all
 assets and liabilities related to the performance of long-term
 contracts. The contracting cycle for certain long-term contracts
 may extend beyond one year, and, accordingly, collection or
 payment of amounts related to these contracts may extend beyond
 one year. Accounts receivable at December 31, 2010 and 2009
 included 212.9 million and 221.0 million,
 respectively, of retainage billed under terms of these
 contracts. We estimate that approximately 81 of retainage
 recorded at December 31, 2010 will be collected during
 2011. Accounts payable at December 31, 2010 and 2009
 included 36.5 million and 38.6 million,
 respectively, of retainage withheld under terms of the
 contracts. We estimate that approximately 82 of retainage
 withheld at December 31, 2010 will be paid during 2011.

Cash and
 cash equivalents 

For purposes of the consolidated financial statements, we
 consider all highly liquid instruments with original maturities
 of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We maintain a
 centralized cash management system whereby our excess cash
 balances are invested in high quality, short-term money market
 instruments, which are considered cash equivalents. We have cash
 balances in certain of our domestic bank accounts that exceed
 federally insured limits.

Allowance
 for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do
 not bear interest. The Company maintains an allowance for
 doubtful accounts. This allowance is based upon the best
 estimate of the probable losses in existing accounts receivable.
 The Company determines the allowances based upon individual
 accounts when information indicates the customers may have an

44

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES (Continued) 

inability to meet the financial obligation, as well as
 historical collection and write-off experience. These amounts
 are reevaluated and adjusted on a regular basis as additional
 information is received. Actual write-offs are charged against
 the allowance when collection efforts have been unsuccessful. At
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, our accounts receivable of
 1,090.9 million and 1,057.2 million, respectively,
 included allowances for doubtful accounts of 17.3 million
 and 36.2 million, respectively. The (recovery of)
 provision for doubtful accounts during 2010, 2009 and 2008
 amounted to approximately (5.1) million, 7.2 million
 and 11.7 million, respectively.

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
 determined principally using the average cost method.

Property,
 plant and equipment 

Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation,
 including amortization of assets under capital leases, is
 recorded principally using the straight-line method over
 estimated useful lives of 3 to 10 years for machinery and
 equipment, 3 to 7 years for vehicles, furniture and
 fixtures and computer hardware/software and 25 years for
 buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter
 of the remaining life of the lease term or the expected service
 life of the improvement.

The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are
 reviewed for impairment whenever facts and circumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable.
 In performing this review for recoverability, property, plant
 and equipment is assessed for possible impairment by comparing
 their carrying values to their undiscounted net pre-tax cash
 flows expected to result from the use of the asset. Impaired
 assets are written down to their fair values, generally
 determined based on their estimated future discounted cash
 flows. Based on the results of our testing for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, no impairment of
 property, plant and equipment was recognized.

Goodwill
 and Identifiable Intangible Assets 

Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with
 indefinite lives that are not being amortized, such as trade
 names, are instead tested at least annually for impairment
 (which we test each October 1, absent any impairment
 indicators) and are written down if impaired. Identifiable
 intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their
 useful lives and are reviewed for impairment whenever facts and
 circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be
 fully recoverable. See Note 8 Goodwill and
 Identifiable Intangible Assets of the notes to consolidated
 financial statements for additional information.

Insurance
 Liabilities 

Our insurance liabilities are determined actuarially based on
 claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet
 reported. At December 31, 2010 and 2009, the estimated
 current portion of undiscounted insurance liabilities of
 21.8 million and 20.5 million, respectively, were
 included in Other accrued expenses and liabilities 
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The estimated
 non-current portion of the undiscounted insurance liabilities
 included in Other long-term obligations at
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 were 98.5 million and
 93.6 million, respectively.

Foreign
 Operations 

The financial statements and transactions of our foreign
 subsidiaries are maintained in their functional currency and
 translated into U.S. dollars in accordance with ASC Topic
 830, Foreign Currency Matters . Translation
 adjustments have been recorded as Accumulated other
 comprehensive loss , a separate component of
 Equity .

45

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES (Continued) 

Income
 Taxes 

We account for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of
 ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes 
 ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires an asset and
 liability approach which requires the recognition of deferred
 income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities for the
 expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
 between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and
 liabilities. Valuation allowances are established when necessary
 to reduce deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than
 not that a tax benefit will not be realized.

We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the
 provisions of ASC 740. We recognize accruals of interest
 related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the
 income tax provision.

Valuation
 of Share-Based Compensation Plans 

We have various types of share-based compensation plans and
 programs, which are administered by our Board of Directors or
 its Compensation and Personnel Committee. See
 Note 14 Share-Based Compensation Plans of the notes to
 consolidated financial statements for additional information
 regarding the share-based compensation plans and programs.

We account for share-based payments in accordance with the
 provision of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock
 Compensation ASC 718 ). ASC 718 requires
 that all share-based payments issued to acquire goods or
 services, including grants of employee stock options, be
 recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair
 values, net of estimated forfeitures. ASC 718 requires
 forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if
 necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
 from those estimates. Compensation expense related to
 share-based awards is recognized over the requisite service
 period, which is generally the vesting period. For shares
 subject to graded vesting, our policy is to apply the
 straight-line method in recognizing compensation expense.
 ASC 718 requires the benefits of tax deductions in excess
 of recognized compensation expense to be reported as a financing
 cash inflow, rather than as an operating cash inflow on the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. This requirement reduces
 net operating cash flows and increases net financing cash flows.

New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

On January 1, 2010, we adopted the accounting pronouncement
 regarding the consolidation of variable interest entities, which
 changes the consolidation guidance related to a variable
 interest entity VIE ). It also amends the guidance
 governing the determination of whether or not an enterprise is
 the primary beneficiary of a VIE and, if so, is therefore
 required to consolidate an entity, by requiring a qualitative
 analysis rather than a quantitative analysis. The qualitative
 analysis will include, among other things, consideration of who
 has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most
 significantly impact the entity s economic performance and
 who has the obligation to absorb the losses or the right to
 receive the benefits of the VIE that could potentially be
 significant to the VIE. This statement also requires periodic
 reassessments of whether an enterprise is the primary
 beneficiary of a VIE. We were previously required to reconsider
 whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a VIE only
 when specific events had occurred. This pronouncement also
 requires enhanced disclosures about an enterprise s
 involvement with a VIE. The adoption of this pronouncement did
 not have any effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In October 2009, an accounting pronouncement was issued to
 update existing guidance on revenue recognition for arrangements
 with multiple deliverables. This guidance eliminates the
 requirement that all undelivered elements must have objective
 and reliable evidence of fair value before a company can
 recognize the portion of the consideration attributed to the
 delivered item. This may allow some companies to recognize
 revenue on transactions that involve multiple deliverables
 earlier than under current requirements. Additional disclosures
 discussing the nature of multiple element arrangements, the
 types of deliverables under the arrangements, the general timing
 of their delivery, and significant factors and estimates used to
 determine estimated selling prices are required. This
 pronouncement is effective prospectively for revenue
 arrangements entered into or modified after annual periods
 beginning on or after June 15, 2010, but early adoption is
 permitted. We have adopted this pronouncement as of
 January 1, 2011, and we will review new
 and/or 
 modified revenue arrangements after the adoption date to ensure
 compliance with this update. We have

46

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES (Continued) 

not determined the effect, if any, that the adoption of the
 pronouncement may have on our financial position
 and/or 
 results of operations.

In December 2010, an accounting pronouncement was issued to
 update existing guidance on business combinations, which
 clarifies that if comparative financial statements are
 presented, the pro forma revenue and earnings of the combined
 entity for the comparable prior reporting period should be
 reported as though the acquisition date for all business
 combinations that occurred during the current year had been as
 of the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting
 period. The guidance is effective prospectively for business
 combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the
 beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or
 after December 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted. We
 have adopted this pronouncement as of January 1, 2011, and
 we will consider the guidance in conjunction with future
 acquisitions.

In December 2010, an accounting pronouncement was issued to
 update existing guidance, which modifies the goodwill impairment
 test for reporting units with zero or negative carrying amounts.
 For reporting units with zero or negative carrying amounts, the
 second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed if
 it appears more likely than not that a goodwill impairment
 exists. To make that determination, an entity should consider
 whether there are adverse qualitative factors indicating that an
 impairment may exist. The guidance is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2010. We have adopted this
 pronouncement as of January 1, 2011, and we will consider
 the guidance in conjunction with our future goodwill impairment
 testing.

NOTE 3 

ACQUISITIONS
 OF BUSINESSES 

We acquired two companies during 2010 and a company in 2009,
 each for an immaterial amount. One of the companies acquired in
 2010 and the company acquired in 2009 provide mobile mechanical
 services, and the other company acquired in 2010 primarily
 performs government infrastructure contracting services. All of
 these companies have been included in our United States
 facilities services reporting segment.

During 2008, we acquired five companies, which were not material
 individually or in the aggregate, for an aggregate of
 82.7 million. One of the companies primarily provides
 industrial services to refineries, another primarily provides
 industrial maintenance services, and two others primarily
 perform mobile mechanical services. The results of these four
 companies have been included in our United States facilities
 services reporting segment. The fifth company is a fire
 protection company that has been included in our United States
 mechanical construction and facilities services reporting
 segment. Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets
 attributable to these five companies were valued at an aggregate
 of 15.0 million and 48.8 million, respectively,
 representing the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the
 fair value amounts assigned to their net tangible assets. See
 Note 8 Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets of
 the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional
 information.

We believe the aforementioned acquisitions further our goal of
 service and geographic diversification
 and/or 
 expansion of our facilities services operations and our
 mechanical construction and facilities services operation in our
 fire protection offerings. Additionally, these acquisitions
 create more opportunities for our subsidiaries to collaborate on
 national facilities services contracts.

The purchase price allocation for one of our 2010 acquired
 companies is subject to the finalization of valuation of
 acquired identifiable intangible assets. The purchase price
 accounting for the other acquisitions referred to above was
 finalized. As a result, identifiable intangible assets ascribed
 to goodwill, contract backlog, customer relationships, trade
 names and related non-competition agreements were adjusted with
 an insignificant impact. These acquisitions were accounted for
 by the purchase method in 2008 and by the acquisition method in
 2010 and 2009, and the purchase prices for them have been
 allocated to their respective assets and liabilities, based upon
 the estimated fair values of the respective assets and
 liabilities at the dates of the respective acquisitions.

For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded
 approximately 2.0 million of non-cash compensation expense
 related to a prior acquisition, with an offsetting amount
 recorded as a capital contribution from the selling shareholders
 of the acquired company. This non-cash expense was a result of a
 redistributed portion of acquisition-related payments made by
 the former owners of the acquired company to certain employees.
 These employees were not shareholders of the acquired company,
 and such payments were dependent on continuing employment with
 us.

47

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 4 

EARNINGS
 PER SHARE 

The following tables summarize our calculation of Basic and
 Diluted (Loss) Earnings per Common Share EPS for
 the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in
 thousands, except share and per share data):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Numerator: 

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. available to
 common stockholders

(86,691

160,756

182,204

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding used to compute basic (loss)
 earnings per common share

66,393,782

65,910,793

65,373,483

Effect of diluted securities Share-based awards

1,534,492

1,743,778

Shares used to compute diluted (loss) earnings per common share

66,393,782

67,445,285

67,117,261

Basic (loss) earnings per common share:

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. common
 stockholders

(1.31

2.44

2.79

Diluted (loss) earnings per common share:

Net (loss) income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. common
 stockholders

(1.31

2.38

2.71

The effect of 1,645,098 of common stock equivalents have been
 excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the year ended
 December 31, 2010 due to our net loss position in this
 period. Assuming dilution, there were 301,347 anti-dilutive
 stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for
 the year ended December 31, 2010. The number of options
 granted to purchase shares of our common stock that were
 excluded from the computation of diluted EPS for the years ended
 December 31, 2009 and 2008 because they would be
 anti-dilutive were 516,386 and 295,624, respectively.

NOTE 5 

INVENTORIES 

Inventories as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 consist of the
 following amounts (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Raw materials and construction materials

17,749

16,735

Work in process

15,029

17,733

32,778

34,468

NOTE 6 

INVESTMENTS,
 NOTES AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES 

Investments, notes and other long-term receivables were
 6.2 million and 19.3 million at December 31,
 2010 and 2009, respectively. Included as investments, notes and
 other long-term receivables was an investment accounted for
 using the equity method of accounting of 13.1 million as
 of December 31, 2009 relating to a venture with Baltimore
 Gas Electric (a subsidiary of Constellation Energy).
 This venture designs, constructs, owns, operates, leases and
 maintains facilities to produce chilled water for sale to
 customers for use in air conditioning commercial properties. As
 a result of our discounted cash flow analysis, an impairment
 charge of 7.0 million was recognized in 2008, to
 write-down the carrying value of this investment to its
 estimated fair value. We recorded this
 other-than-temporary 
 decline in fair value as a component of Cost of
 Sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In
 2009, the venture, using its own cash and cash from additional
 capital contributions, acquired its outstanding bonds in the
 principal amount of 25.0 million. As a result of this, we
 were required to make an additional capital contribution of
 8.0 million to the venture. In January 2010, this venture,
 including our investment, was sold to a third party. As a result
 of this sale, we received 17.7 million for our 40 
 interest and recognized a pretax gain of 4.5 million,
 which gain is included in our United States facilities services
 segment and classified as a component of Cost of
 Sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

48

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 6 

INVESTMENTS,
 NOTES AND OTHER LONG-TERM
 RECEIVABLES (Continued) 

Additionally in June 2010, we sold our equity interest in a
 Middle East venture, which performed facilities services, to our
 partner in the venture. As a result of this sale, we received
 7.9 million and recognized a pretax gain in this amount,
 which is classified as a Gain on sale of equity
 investment on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

NOTE 7 

PROPERTY,
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Property, plant and equipment in the accompanying Consolidated
 Balance Sheets consisted of the following amounts as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Machinery and equipment

83,500

77,544

Vehicles

35,027

37,456

Furniture and fixtures

18,344

19,664

Computer hardware/software

77,016

74,794

Land, buildings and leasehold improvements

68,691

67,793

282,578

277,251

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(193,963

(185,194

88,615

92,057

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant
 and equipment was 25.5 million, 26.8 million and
 25.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively.

NOTE 8 

GOODWILL
 AND IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Goodwill at December 31, 2010 and 2009 was approximately
 406.8 million and 593.6 million, respectively, and
 reflects the excess of cost over fair market value of net
 identifiable assets of companies acquired. Goodwill attributable
 to companies acquired in 2010 has been preliminarily valued at
 22.4 million. ASC Topic 805, Business
 Combinations ASC 805 requires that all
 business combinations be accounted for using the acquisition
 method and that certain identifiable intangible assets acquired
 in a business combination be recognized as assets apart from
 goodwill. ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and
 Other ASC 350 requires goodwill and other
 identifiable intangible assets with indefinite useful lives not
 be amortized, such as trade names, but instead must be tested at
 least annually for impairment (which we test each
 October 1, absent any impairment indicators) and be written
 down if impaired. ASC 350 requires that goodwill be
 allocated to its respective reporting unit and that identifiable
 intangible assets with finite lives be amortized over their
 useful lives. As of December 31, 2010, approximately 56.0 
 of our goodwill relates to our United States facilities services
 segment, approximately 43.1 relates to our United States
 mechanical construction and facilities services segment and
 approximately 0.9 relates to our United States electrical
 construction and facilities services segment.

During the third quarter of 2010 and prior to our October 1
 annual impairment test, we concluded that impairment indicators
 may have existed within the United States facilities services
 segment based upon the year to date results and recent
 forecasts. As a result of that conclusion, we performed a step
 one test as prescribed under ASC 350 for that particular
 reporting unit which concluded that impairment indicators
 existed within that reporting unit due to significant declines
 in year to date revenues and operating margins which caused us
 to revise our expectations for the strength of a near term
 recovery in our financial models for businesses within that
 reporting unit. Specifically, we reduced our net sales growth
 rates and operating margins within our discounted cash flow
 model, as well as our terminal value growth rates. In addition,
 we estimated a higher participant risk adjusted weighted average
 cost of capital. Therefore, the required second step of the
 assessment for the reporting unit was performed in which the
 implied fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill was
 compared to the book value of that goodwill. The implied fair
 value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount
 of goodwill recognized in a business combination, that is, the
 estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all
 of those

49

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8 

GOODWILL
 AND IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLE
 ASSETS (Continued) 

assets and liabilities of that unit (including both recognized
 and unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had
 been acquired in a business combination and the estimated fair
 value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid. If the
 carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill is greater
 than the implied fair value of that reporting unit s
 goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount of the
 excess and is charged to operations. We determined the fair
 value of the reporting unit using discounted estimated future
 cash flows. The weighted average cost of capital used in testing
 for impairment at the interim date was 12.5 with a perpetual
 growth rate of 2.8 for our United States facilities services
 segment. As a result of our interim impairment assessment, we
 recognized a 210.6 million non-cash goodwill impairment
 charge in the third quarter of 2010. Additionally, we performed
 our annual impairment test as of October 1, and no
 additional impairment of our goodwill was recognized for any of
 our reporting segments in the fourth quarter of 2010. The
 weighted average cost of capital used in our annual testing for
 impairment was 13.2 and 12.2 for our domestic construction
 segments and our United States facilities services segment,
 respectively. The perpetual growth rate used for our annual
 testing was 3.0 for our domestic construction segments and 2.8 
 for our United States facilities services segment, respectively.
 For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, no
 impairment of our goodwill was recognized.

We also test for the impairment of trade names that are not
 subject to amortization by calculating the fair value using the
 relief from royalty payments methodology. This
 approach involves two steps: (a) estimating reasonable
 royalty rates for each trade name and (b) applying these
 royalty rates to a net revenue stream and discounting the
 resulting cash flows to determine fair value. This fair value is
 then compared with the carrying value of each trade name. If the
 carrying amount of the trade name is greater than the implied
 fair value of the trade name, an impairment in the amount of the
 excess is recognized and charged to operations. The annual
 impairment review of our trade names for the year ended
 December 31, 2009 resulted in an 11.5 million
 non-cash impairment charge as a result of a change in the fair
 value of trade names associated with certain prior acquisitions
 reported within our United States facilities services and United
 States mechanical construction and facilities services segments.
 As a result of the continued assessment of the fair value of
 trade names previously impaired and the interim impairment
 testing performed during the second and third quarters of 2010,
 we recorded an additional 35.5 million non-cash impairment
 charge of trade names associated with certain prior year
 acquisitions. These trade names are reported within our United
 States facilities services segment. The current year impairment
 primarily results from both lower forecasted revenues from and
 operating margins at our United States facilities services
 segment, which has been adversely affected by industry
 conditions. Additionally, we performed our annual impairment
 test as of October 1, and no additional impairment of our
 trade names was recognized for any of our reporting segments in
 the fourth quarter of 2010. For the year ended December 31,
 2008, no impairment of our trade names was recognized.

In addition, we review for the impairment of other identifiable
 intangible assets that are being amortized whenever facts and
 circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be
 fully recoverable. This test compares their carrying values to
 the undiscounted pre-tax cash flows expected to result from the
 use of the assets. If the assets are impaired, the assets are
 written down to their fair values, generally determined based on
 their future discounted cash flows. Based on facts and
 circumstances that indicated an impairment may exist, we
 performed an impairment review of our other identifiable
 intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2009,
 which resulted in a 2.0 million non-cash impairment charge
 as a result of a change in the fair value of customer
 relationships associated with certain prior acquisitions
 reported within our United States mechanical construction and
 facilities services segment. For the years ended
 December 31, 2010 and 2008, no impairment of our other
 identifiable intangible assets was recognized.

Our development of the present value of future cash flow
 projections used in impairment testing is based upon assumptions
 and estimates by management from a review of our operating
 results, business plans, anticipated growth rates and margins
 and weighted average cost of capital, among others. Much of the
 information used in assessing fair value is outside the control
 of management, such as interest rates, and these assumptions and
 estimates can change in future periods. There can be no
 assurances that our estimates and assumptions made for purposes
 of our goodwill and identifiable intangible asset impairment
 testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If
 our assumptions regarding business plans or anticipated growth
 rates and/or 
 margins are not achieved, or there is a rise in interest rates,
 we may be required, as we were in the second and third quarters
 of 2010 and in the fourth quarter of 2009, to record goodwill
 and/or 
 identifiable intangible asset impairment charges in future
 periods.

During 2010, we recognized a 246.1 million non-cash
 impairment charge as discussed above. Of this amount,
 210.6 million relates to goodwill and 35.5 million
 relates to trade names. It is not possible at this time to
 determine if any such future impairment charge would result or,
 if it does, whether such a charge would be material.

50

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8 

GOODWILL
 AND IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLE
 ASSETS (Continued) 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable
 segments during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009
 were as follows (in thousands):

United States 

United States 

electrical 

mechanical 

construction 

construction 

United States 

and facilities 

and facilities 

facilities 

services segment 

services segment 

services segment 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2009

3,823

177,740

412,065

593,628

Acquisitions, earn-outs and purchase price adjustments

23,778

23,778

Transfers

(2,565

2,565

Impairments

(210,602

(210,602

Balance at December 31, 2010

3,823

175,175

227,806

406,804

There may be contingent payments associated with the future
 performance of certain acquired entities, which may result in an
 increase to goodwill. During 2010 and 2009, pursuant to the
 purchase method of accounting, we recorded an aggregate of
 1.4 million and 9.1 million, respectively, by reason
 of earn-out obligations in respect of prior acquisitions, which
 increased goodwill associated with these acquisitions.

Identifiable intangible assets as of December 31, 2010 and
 2009 consist of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 2010 

Gross 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Impairment 

Amount 

Amortization 

Charge 

Total 

Contract backlog

42,813

(35,835

6,978

Developed technology

91,000

(14,977

76,023

Customer relationships

133,611

(31,681

(2,029

99,901

Non-competition agreements

8,807

(6,670

2,137

Trade names (unamortized)

107,026

(46,976

60,050

Total

383,257

(89,163

(49,005

245,089

December 31, 2009 

Gross 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Impairment 

Amount 

Amortization 

Charge 

Total 

Contract backlog

34,505

(33,294

1,211

Developed technology

91,000

(10,427

80,573

Customer relationships

117,684

(24,021

(2,029

91,634

Non-competition agreements

7,243

(5,004

2,239

Trade names (unamortized)

100,362

(11,497

88,865

Total

350,794

(72,746

(13,526

264,522

Identifiable intangible assets attributable to companies
 acquired in 2010 and 2009 have been preliminarily valued at
 32.5 million and 4.0 million, respectively. See
 Note 3 Acquisitions of Businesses of the notes to
 consolidated financial statements for additional information.
 The identifiable intangible amounts are amortized on a
 straight-line basis. The amortization periods range from
 17 months to 21 months for contract backlog,
 20 years for developed technology, 5 to 20 years for
 customer relationships, and 3 to 7 years for
 non-competition agreements.

51

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8 

GOODWILL
 AND IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLE
 ASSETS (Continued) 

Amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets
 was 16.4 million, 19.0 million and
 23.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively. The following table presents the
 estimated future amortization expense of identifiable intangible
 assets in the following years (in thousands):

2011

18,744

2012

15,535

2013

12,864

2014

12,326

2015

12,326

Thereafter

113,244

185,039

NOTE 9 

DEBT 

Credit
 Facilities 

Until February 4, 2010, we had a revolving credit agreement
 (the Old Revolving Credit Facility as amended,
 which provided for a credit facility of 375.0 million.
 Effective February 4, 2010, we replaced the Old Revolving
 Credit Facility that was due to expire October 17, 2010
 with an amended and restated 550.0 million revolving
 credit facility (the 2010 Revolving Credit
 Facility ). The 2010 Revolving Credit Facility expires in
 February 2013. It permits us to increase our borrowing to
 650.0 million if additional lenders are identified
 and/or 
 existing lenders are willing to increase their current
 commitments. We may allocate up to 175.0 million of the
 borrowing capacity under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility to
 letters of credit, which amount compares to 125.0 million
 under the Old Revolving Credit Facility. The 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of our direct and
 indirect subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of our
 assets and most of the assets of most of our subsidiaries. The
 2010 Revolving Credit Facility contains various covenants
 requiring, among other things, maintenance of certain financial
 ratios and certain restrictions with respect to payment of
 dividends, common stock repurchases, investments, acquisitions,
 indebtedness and capital expenditures. A commitment fee is
 payable on the average daily unused amount of the 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility. The fee is 0.5 of the unused amount.
 Borrowings under the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility bear
 interest at (1) a rate which is the prime commercial
 lending rate announced by Bank of Montreal from time to time
 (3.25 at December 31, 2010) plus 1.75 to 2.25 ,
 based on certain financial tests or (2) United States
 dollar LIBOR (0.26 at December 31, 2010) plus 2.75 
 to 3.25 , based on certain financial tests. The interest rate in
 effect at December 31, 2010 was 3.01 . Letter of credit
 fees issued under this facility range from 2.75 to 3.25 of the
 respective face amounts of the letters of credit issued and are
 charged based on certain financial tests. We capitalized
 approximately 6.0 million of debt issuance costs
 associated with the 2010 Revolving Credit Facility. This amount
 is being amortized over the life of the facility and is included
 as part of interest expense. In connection with the termination
 of the Old Revolving Credit Facility, less than
 0.1 million attributable to the acceleration of expense
 for debt issuance costs was recorded as part of interest
 expense. As of December 31, 2010 and December 31,
 2009, we had approximately 82.4 million and
 68.9 million of letters of credit outstanding,
 respectively. There were no borrowings under the Old Revolving
 Credit Facility as of December 31, 2009. We have borrowings
 of 150.0 million outstanding under the 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility at December 31, 2010, which may remain
 outstanding at our discretion until the 2010 Revolving Credit
 Facility expires.

Term
 Loan 

On September 19, 2007, we entered into an agreement
 providing for a 300.0 million term loan Term
 Loan ). The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to pay a
 portion of the consideration for an acquisition and costs and
 expenses incident thereto. In connection with the closing of the
 2010 Revolving Credit Facility, we proceeded to borrow
 150.0 million under this facility and used the proceeds
 along with cash on hand to prepay on February 4, 2010 all
 indebtedness outstanding under the Term Loan. In

52

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 9 

DEBT (Continued) 

connection with this prepayment, 0.6 million attributable
 to the acceleration of expense for debt issuance costs
 associated with the Term Loan was recorded as part of interest
 expense.

Long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets
 consisted of the following amounts as of December 31, 2010
 and 2009 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

2010 Revolving Credit Facility

150,000

Term Loan, interest payable in varying amounts through 2010

194,750

Capitalized Lease Obligations, at weighted average interest
 rates from 5.0 to 9.3 payable in varying amounts through 2014

1,649

601

Other, payable through 2012

24

151,673

195,351

Less: current maturities

489

45,100

151,184

150,251

Capitalized
 Lease Obligations 

See Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies of the notes
 to consolidated financial statements for additional information.

Other
 Long-Term Debt 

As of December 31, 2010, other long-term debt consisted
 primarily of loans for various field equipment.

NOTE 10 

DERIVATIVE
 INSTRUMENT AND HEDGING ACTIVITY 

On January 27, 2009, we entered into an interest rate swap
 agreement (the Swap Agreement ), which hedged the
 interest rate risk on our variable rate debt. The Swap Agreement
 matured in October 2010 and was used to manage the variable
 interest rate of our borrowings and related overall cost of
 borrowing. We mitigated the risk of counterparty nonperformance
 by choosing as our counterparty a major reputable financial
 institution with an investment grade credit rating.

The derivative was recognized as either an asset or liability on
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets with measurement at fair value,
 and changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument were
 reported in either net income, included as part of interest
 expense, or other comprehensive income, depending on the
 designated use of the derivative and whether or not it met the
 criteria for hedge accounting. The fair value of this instrument
 reflected the net amount required to settle the position. The
 accounting for gains and losses associated with changes in fair
 value of the derivative and the related effects on the
 consolidated financial statements was subject to their hedge
 designation and whether they met effectiveness standards.

We paid a fixed rate on the Swap Agreement of 2.225 and
 received a floating rate of 30 day LIBOR on the notional
 amount. A portion of the interest rate swap had been designated
 as an effective cash flow hedge, whereby changes in the cash
 flows from the swap perfectly offset the changes in the cash
 flows associated with the floating rate of interest. See
 Note 9 Debt of the notes to consolidated financial
 statements for additional information. The fair value of the
 interest rate swap at December 31, 2009 was a net liability
 of 1.2 million. This liability reflected the interest rate
 swap s termination value as the credit value adjustment for
 counterparty nonperformance was immaterial. We had no obligation
 to post any collateral related to this derivative. The fair
 value of the interest swap was based upon the valuation
 technique known as the market standard methodology of netting
 the discounted future fixed cash flows and the discounted
 expected variable cash flows. The variable cash flows were based
 on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves)
 derived from observable interest rate curves. In addition, we
 had incorporated a credit valuation adjustment into our
 calculation of fair value of the interest rate swap. This
 adjustment recognized both our nonperformance risk and

53

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 10 

DERIVATIVE
 INSTRUMENT AND HEDGING
 ACTIVITY (Continued) 

the counterparty s nonperformance risk. The net liability
 was included in Other accrued expenses and
 liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2009 included the
 accumulated loss, net of income taxes, on the cash flow hedge,
 of 0.6 million.

On December 1, 2009, we de-designated 45.5 million of
 the interest rate swap as it was determined that it was no
 longer probable that the future estimated cash flows were going
 to occur as originally estimated. We discontinued the
 application of hedge accounting associated with this portion of
 the interest rate swap, and 0.2 million and
 0.3 million was expensed as part of interest expense, and
 removed from Accumulated other comprehensive loss, for the years
 ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively.

As of December 31, 2009, the fair value of our derivative
 was 1.2 million and was in a net liability position
 reflecting the interest rate swap s termination value as
 the credit value adjustment for counterparty nonperformance was
 immaterial. As of December 31, 2010, we have no derivatives
 and/or 
 hedging instruments outstanding.

NOTE 11 

FAIR
 VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

In 2008, we adopted the provisions of ASC 820 Fair
 Value Measurements and Disclosures , which provides
 guidance to (i) all applicable financial assets and
 liabilities and (ii) non-financial assets and liabilities
 that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in our financial
 statements on a recurring basis. In January 2009, we adopted an
 accounting standard update related to ASC 820, which
 applies this guidance to all remaining assets and liabilities
 measured on a non-recurring basis at fair value. We use a fair
 value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
 techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy, which
 gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets,
 is comprised of the following three levels:

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted market prices in active
 markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 Observable inputs, other than Level 1
 inputs. Level 2 inputs would typically include
 quoted prices in markets that are not active or financial
 instruments for which all significant inputs are observable,
 either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that
 are both significant to the measurement and unobservable.

At December 31, 2010 and 2009, we had 95.7 million
 and 30.2 million, respectively, in money market funds,
 included within Cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, which are Level 1 assets.

We believe that the carrying values of our financial
 instruments, which include accounts receivable and other
 financing commitments, approximate their fair values due
 primarily to their short-term maturities and low risk of
 counterparty default. The carrying value of our 2010 Revolving
 Credit Facility approximates the fair value due to the variable
 rate on such debt.

We measured the fair value of our derivative instrument on a
 recurring basis. At December 31, 2009, the
 1.2 million fair value of the interest rate swap was
 determined using Level 2 inputs. There are no derivatives
 outstanding as of December 31, 2010.

At December 31, 2010 and 2009, we had certain assets,
 specifically 257.9 million and 60.6 million,
 respectively, of goodwill
 and/or 
 indefinite lived intangible assets, which were accounted for at
 fair market value on a non-recurring basis. We have determined
 that the fair value measurements of these non-financial assets
 are Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. See
 Note 8 Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets for
 a further discussion.

NOTE 12 

INCOME
 TAXES 

Our 2010 income tax provision was 52.4 million compared to
 96.2 million for 2009 and 116.6 million for 2008
 based on effective income tax rates, before the tax effect of
 non-cash impairment charges, of approximately 36.8 , 37.4 and
 39.0 , respectively. The actual income tax rates for the year
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, inclusive of
 non-cash impairment charges, were (152.8) , 37.4 and 39.0 ,
 respectively. The decrease in the 2010 income tax provision was
 primarily due to reduced income before income taxes and a change
 in the allocation of earnings among various jurisdictions.

54

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 12 

INCOME
 TAXES (Continued) 

The Company recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of
 approximately 210.6 million during 2010. Approximately
 34.0 million of this impairment is deductible for income
 tax purposes. The remaining 176.6 million of this
 impairment is not deductible for income tax purposes. This
 non-deductible portion significantly impacts the effective tax
 rate for 2010.

Our 2009 income tax provision was 96.2 million. The
 decrease in our 2009 income tax provision was primarily due to
 reduced income before income taxes compared to 2008. Our 2008
 income tax provision was 116.6 million.

We file income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and
 various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is
 currently under examination by various states for the years 2004
 through 2009. The Internal Revenue Service has completed its
 audit of our federal income tax returns for the years 2005
 through 2007. We agreed to and paid an assessment proposed by
 the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to such audit. We recorded
 a charge of approximately 2.0 million, inclusive of
 interest, as a result of this audit in 2009.

As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, the amount of
 unrecognized income tax benefits was 6.5 million and
 7.5 million (of which 4.2 million and
 5.4 million, if recognized, would favorably affect our
 effective income tax rate), respectively. At December 31, 2010
 and 2009, we had an accrual of 2.3 million and
 2.2 million, respectively, for the payment of interest
 related to unrecognized income tax benefits included on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the years ended
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, we recognized approximately
 0.1 million in interest expense and 1.5 million in
 interest income related to our unrecognized income tax benefits,
 respectively. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, we had
 total income tax reserves of 8.8 million
 8.8 million included in Other long-term
 obligations and 9.7 million 9.0 million
 included in Other long-term obligations and
 0.7 million included in Prepaid expenses and
 other ), respectively.

A reconciliation of the beginning and end of year unrecognized
 income tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Balance at beginning of year

7,534

9,574

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year

865

623

Additions based on tax positions related to prior years

328

Reductions for tax positions of prior years

(915

(1,321

Reductions for expired statute of limitations

(1,299

(1,342

Balance at end of year

6,513

7,534

It is possible that approximately 4.7 million of
 unrecognized income tax benefits at December 31, 2010,
 primarily relating to uncertain tax positions attributable to
 certain intercompany transactions and compensation related
 accruals, will become recognized income tax benefits in the next
 twelve months due to the expiration of applicable statutes of
 limitations and anticipated settlements of audits.

The income tax provision (benefit) in the accompanying
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 consisted of the following
 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Current:

Federal provision

55,878

73,262

94,171

State and local provisions

14,079

17,526

22,036

Foreign (benefit) provision

(2,217

2,483

9,873

67,740

93,271

126,080

Deferred

(15,345

2,922

(9,492

52,395

96,193

116,588

55

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 12 

INCOME
 TAXES (Continued) 

Factors accounting for the variation from U.S. statutory
 income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2010,
 2009 and 2008 were as follows (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Federal income taxes at the statutory rate

(10,601

90,745

105,253

Noncontrolling interests

(1,403

(812

(676

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefits

6,374

10,279

13,421

Permanent differences

(1,401

(1,201

1,126

Goodwill impairment

61,827

Foreign income taxes

(1,065

(923

(1,269

Adjustments to valuation allowance for deferred tax assets

(2,812

(151

(3,395

Federal tax reserves

(1,153

(1,600

1,509

Other

2,629

(144

619

52,395

96,193

116,588

The components of the net deferred income tax asset are included
 in Prepaid expenses and other of 25.0 million,
 Other assets of 17.0 million, Other
 accrued expenses and liabilities of 3.9 million and
 Other long-term obligations of 32.9 million at
 December 31, 2010, and the components of net deferred
 income tax liability are included in Prepaid expenses and
 other of 40.8 million, Other assets of
 25.2 million, Other accrued expenses and
 liabilities of 1.0 million and Other long-term
 obligations of 71.8 million at December 31,
 2009 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The amounts recorded for the years ended December 31, 2010
 and 2009 were as follows (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Deferred income tax assets:

Excess of amounts expensed for financial statement purposes over
 amounts deducted for income tax purposes:

Insurance liabilities

46,711

42,500

Pension liability

15,310

22,186

Other liabilities and reserves

80,308

65,396

Total deferred income tax assets

142,329

130,082

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets

(783

(3,984

Net deferred income tax assets

141,546

126,098

Deferred income tax liabilities:

Costs capitalized for financial statement purposes and deducted
 for income tax purposes:

Amortization of identifiable intangible assets

(118,886

(118,754

Other, primarily depreciation of property, plant and equipment

(17,488

(14,129

Total deferred income tax liabilities

(136,374

(132,883

Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities)

5,172

(6,785

We file a consolidated federal income tax return including all
 of our U.S. subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2010 and
 2009, the total valuation allowance on net deferred income tax
 assets was approximately 0.8 million and
 4.0 million, respectively. The reason for the decrease in
 the valuation allowance for 2010 was related to the utilization
 of capital loss carryforwards. Realization of the deferred
 income tax assets is dependent on our generating sufficient
 taxable income. We believe that the deferred income tax assets
 will be realized through the future reversal of existing taxable
 temporary differences and projected future income. Although

56

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 12 

INCOME
 TAXES (Continued) 

realization is not assured, we believe it is more likely than
 not that the deferred income tax asset, net of the valuation
 allowance discussed above, will be realized. The amount of the
 deferred income tax asset considered realizable, however, could
 be reduced if estimates of future income are reduced.

Income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 consisted of the following
 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

2008 

United States

(46,115

235,381

271,006

Foreign

15,826

23,889

29,717

(30,289

259,270

300,723

We have not recorded deferred income taxes on the undistributed
 earnings of our foreign subsidiaries because of our intent to
 indefinitely reinvest such earnings. Upon distribution of these
 earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, we may be
 subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes.
 It is not practical, however, to estimate the amount of taxes
 that may be payable if such earnings or invested capital was
 repatriated to the United States.

NOTE 13 

COMMON
 STOCK 

As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, 66,660,551 and
 66,187,344 shares of our common stock were outstanding,
 respectively.

NOTE 14 

SHARE-BASED
 COMPENSATION PLANS 

We have an incentive plan under which stock options, stock
 awards, stock units and other share-based compensation may be
 granted to officers, non-employee directors and key employees of
 the Company. Under the terms of this plan, 3,250,000 shares
 were authorized and 3,090,000 shares are available for
 grant or issuance as of December 31, 2010. Any issuances
 under this plan are valued at the fair market value of the
 common stock on the grant date. The vesting and expiration of
 any stock option grants and the vesting of any stock awards or
 stock units are determined by the Compensation Committee at the
 time of the grant. Additionally, we have outstanding stock
 options and stock units that were issued under other plans, and
 no further grants may be made under these plans.

57

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 14 

SHARE-BASED
 COMPENSATION PLANS (Continued) 

The following table summarizes activity regarding our stock
 options and awards of shares and stock units since
 December 31, 2007:

Stock Options 

Restricted Stock Units 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Balance, December 31, 2007

4,788,086

11.93

Balance, December 31, 2007

447,224

20.20

Granted

199,998

26.33

Granted

135,337

23.01

Forfeited

Forfeited

Exercised

(249,736

9.64

Issued

(78,133

14.68

Balance, December 31, 2008

4,738,348

12.66

Balance, December 31, 2008

504,428

21.81

Granted

210,764

21.08

Granted

128,563

23.17

Forfeited

Forfeited

Exercised

(413,938

6.77

Issued

(258,102

18.27

Balance, December 31, 2009

4,535,174

13.59

Balance, December 31, 2009

374,889

24.71

Granted

175,723

24.78

Granted

110,335

27.88

Forfeited

Forfeited

Exercised

(294,124

9.58

Issued

(120,036

28.13

Balance, December 31, 2010

4,416,773

14.31

Balance, December 31, 2010

365,188

24.54

In addition, 8,610, 2,071 and 2,096 shares were granted to
 certain non-employee directors pursuant to annual retainer
 arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009
 and 2008, respectively. The shares awarded to non-employee
 directors and stock units awarded to employees were pursuant to
 incentive plans for which 3.6 million, 3.5 million
 and 3.9 million of compensation expense was recognized for
 the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. We have 1.6 million of compensation expense,
 net of income taxes, which will be recognized over the remaining
 vesting period related to the stock units awarded to employees.
 We had outstanding phantom equity units, which were settled in
 cash based upon the value of our stock price, for which
 1.4 million, 0.1 million and 1.2 million of
 income was recognized for the years ended December 31,
 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. These variations were due to
 changes in the market price of our common stock from the award
 date. There were no phantom equity units outstanding as of
 December 31, 2010.

Compensation expense of 2.1 million, 2.0 million and
 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively, was recognized due to the vesting
 of stock option grants. All outstanding stock options were fully
 vested as of December 31, 2010. As a result of stock option
 exercises, 2.8 million, 2.8 million and
 2.4 million of proceeds were received during the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The
 income tax benefit derived in 2010, 2009 and 2008 as a result of
 such exercises and share-based compensation was
 2.0 million, 2.2 million and 1.8 million,
 respectively, of which 1.5 million, 2.2 million and
 1.2 million, respectively, represented excess tax benefits.

The total intrinsic value of options (the amounts by which the
 stock price exceeded the exercise price of the option on the
 date of exercise) that was exercised during 2010, 2009 and 2008
 was 5.2 million, 7.3 million and 4.1 million,
 respectively.

At December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, 4,416,773, 4,535,174
 and 4,738,348 options were exercisable, respectively. The
 weighted average exercise price of exercisable options at
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was approximately 14.31,
 13.59 and 12.66, respectively.

58

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 14 

SHARE-BASED
 COMPENSATION PLANS (Continued) 

The following table summarizes information about our stock
 options as of December 31, 2010:

Stock Options Outstanding and Exercisable 

Range of 

Weighted Average 

Weighted Average 

Exercise Prices 

Number 

Remaining Life 

Exercise Price 

9.67 - 10.58

561,332

1.52 Years

10.29

10.96 - 13.20

2,425,592

3.14 Years

11.36

13.68 - 22.90

907,738

3.25 Years

16.64

23.17 - 28.13

402,111

6.38 Years

25.92

36.03

120,000

4.47 Years

36.03

The total aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and
 exercisable as of December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were
 approximately 64.8 million, 60.4 million and
 46.3 million, respectively.

The fair value on the date of grant was calculated using the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted
 average assumptions used for grants during the periods indicated:

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Dividend yield

0

0

0

Expected volatility

45.7

46.9

34.2

Risk-free interest rate

2.6

2.5

3.4

Expected life of options in years

6.7

5.1

5.0

Weighted average grant date fair value

12.18

9.18

9.51

Forfeitures of stock options have been historically
 insignificant to the calculation and are estimated to be zero in
 all periods presented.

We have an employee stock purchase plan. Under the terms of this
 plan, the maximum number of shares of our common stock that may
 be purchased is 3,000,000 shares. Generally, our employees
 and non-union employees of our United States and Canadian
 subsidiaries are eligible to participate in this plan. Employees
 covered by collective bargaining agreements generally are not
 eligible to participate in this plan.

NOTE 15 

RETIREMENT
 PLANS 

Defined
 Benefit Plans 

Our United Kingdom subsidiary has a defined benefit pension plan
 covering all eligible employees (the UK Plan ). On
 October 31, 2001, the UK Plan was closed to new entrants.
 As a result, employees joining the subsidiary after this date
 were not eligible to participate in the plan. On May 31,
 2010, we curtailed the future accrual of benefits for active
 employees participating in this plan. As a result of this
 curtailment, we recognized a reduction of the projected benefit
 obligation and recorded a curtailment gain of 6.4 million,
 which will be amortized in the future through net periodic
 pension cost. This defined pension plan was replaced by a
 defined contribution plan. The benefits under the UK Plan are
 based on wages and years of service with the subsidiary up to
 the date of the curtailment. Our policy is to fund at least the
 minimum amount required by law, but we have agreed with the UK
 Plan Trustees to fund additional amounts and in conjunction with
 the curtailment, we made a one-time contribution of
 25.9 million to the UK Plan. The measurement date of the
 UK Plan is December 31 of each year.

We account for our UK Plan and other defined benefit plans in
 accordance with ASC 715, Compensation Retirement
 Benefits ASC 715 ). ASC 715 requires that
 (a) the funded status, which is measured as the difference
 between the fair value of

59

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 

RETIREMENT
 PLANS (Continued) 

plan assets and the projected benefit obligations, be recorded
 in our balance sheet with a corresponding adjustment to
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and (b) gains
 and losses for the differences between actuarial assumptions and
 actual results, and unrecognized service costs, be recognized
 through accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). These
 amounts will be subsequently recognized as net periodic pension
 cost.

The change in benefit obligations and assets of the UK Plan for
 the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 consisted of the
 following components (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Change in pension benefit obligation 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

253,730

192,419

Service cost

1,458

3,152

Interest cost

13,399

11,982

Plan participants contributions

523

1,530

Actuarial loss

8,445

33,088

Curtailment gain

(6,374

Benefits paid

(12,052

(10,411

Foreign currency exchange rate changes

(9,281

21,970

Benefit obligation at end of year

249,848

253,730

Change in pension plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

174,426

133,259

Actual return on plan assets

20,679

26,681

Employer contributions

33,135

8,192

Plan participants contributions

523

1,530

Benefits paid

(12,052

(10,411

Foreign currency exchange rate changes

(3,778

15,175

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

212,933

174,426

Funded status at end of year

(36,915

(79,304

Amounts not yet reflected in net periodic benefit cost and
 included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss: 

2010 

2009 

Unrecognized losses

68,955

81,639

The underfunded status of the UK Plan of 36.9 million and
 79.3 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively, is included in Other long-term
 obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
 Sheets. No plan assets are expected to be returned to us during
 the year ended December 31, 2011.

The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 were as
 follows:

2010 

2009 

Discount rate

5.3

5.7

Annual rate of salary provision

4.5

60

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 

RETIREMENT
 PLANS (Continued) 

The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009
 and 2008 were as follows:

2010 

2009 

2008 

Discount rate

5.6

5.8

5.6

Annual rate of salary provision

3.8

4.2

Annual rate of return on plan assets

7.0

6.8

6.8

The annual rate of return on plan assets is based on the yield
 of risk-free bonds, plus an estimated equity-risk premium, at
 each year s measurement date. This annual rate approximates
 the historical annual return on plan assets and considers the
 expected asset allocation between equity and debt securities.
 For measurement purposes of the liability, the annual rates of
 inflation of covered pension benefits assumed for 2010 and 2009
 were 3.4 and 3.5 , respectively.

The components of net periodic pension benefit cost for the
 years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were as
 follows (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Service cost

1,458

3,152

4,361

Interest cost

13,399

11,982

14,283

Expected return on plan assets

(12,245

(9,744

(14,305

Amortization of unrecognized loss

2,914

4,229

2,053

Net periodic pension benefit cost

5,526

9,619

6,392

The estimated unrecognized loss for the UK Plan that will be
 amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into net
 periodic benefit cost over the next year is approximately
 1.5 million.

UK Plan
 Assets 

The weighted average asset allocations and weighted average
 target allocations at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were as
 follows:

Target 

Asset 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Asset Category 

Allocation 

2010 

2009 

Equity securities

65.0

67.4

71.0

Debt securities

35.0

32.5

28.5

Cash

0.1

0.5

Total

100.0

100.0

100.0

Plan assets of our UK Plan are invested in marketable equity and
 equity like securities through various funds. These funds invest
 in a diverse geographical range of investments, including the
 United Kingdom, the United States and other international
 locations, such as Asia-Pacific and other European locations.
 Debt securities are invested in funds that invest in UK
 corporate bonds and UK government bonds.

61

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 

RETIREMENT
 PLANS (Continued) 

The following tables set forth by level, within the fair value
 hierarchy discussed in Note 11 Fair Value
 Measurements, the assets of the UK Plan at fair value as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 (in thousands):

Assets at Fair Value as of December 31, 2010 

Asset Category 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Equity and equity like investments

138,372

5,003

143,375

Corporate bonds

47,469

47,469

Government bonds

21,800

21,800

Cash

289

289

Total

289

207,641

5,003

212,933

Assets at Fair Value as of December 31, 2009 

Asset Category 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Equity and equity like investments

120,304

3,569

123,873

Corporate bonds

28,122

28,122

Government bonds

21,503

21,503

Cash

928

928

Total

928

169,929

3,569

174,426

In regards to the plan assets of our UK Plan, investment amounts
 have been allocated within the fair value hierarchy across all
 three levels. The characteristics of the assets that sit within
 each level are summarized as follows:

Level 1 This asset represents cash.

Level 2 These assets are a combination of the
 following:

(a) 

Assets that are not exchange traded but have a unit price that
 is based on the net asset value of the fund. The unit prices are
 not quoted but the underlying assets held by the fund are either:

(i) held in a variety of listed investments

(ii) 

held in UK treasury bonds or corporate bonds with the asset
 value being based on fixed income streams. Some of the
 underlying bonds are also listed on regulated markets.

It is the value of the underlying assets that have been used to
 calculate the unit price of the fund.

(b) 

Assets that are not exchange traded but have a unit price that
 is based on the net asset value of the fund. The unit prices are
 quoted. The underlying assets within these funds comprise cash
 or assets that are listed on a regulated market (i.e. the values
 are based on observable market data) and it is these values that
 are used to calculate the unit price of the fund.

Level 3 Assets that are not exchange traded but have a
 unit price that is based on the net asset value of the fund. The
 unit prices are not quoted and are not available on any market.

62

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 

RETIREMENT
 PLANS (Continued) 

The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the fair
 value of the UK Plan s Level 3 assets for the years
 ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 (in thousands):

Equity and Equity Like Investments 

2010 

2009 

Start of year balance

3,569

2,851

Actual return on plan assets, relating to assets still held at
 reporting date

405

398

Purchases, sales and settlements, net

1,139

Change due to exchange rate changes

(110

320

End of year balance

5,003

3,569

The investment policies and strategies for the plan assets are
 established by the plan trustees (who are independent from the
 company) to achieve a reasonable balance between risk, likely
 return and administration expense, as well as to maintain funds
 at a level to meet minimum funding requirements. In order to
 ensure that an appropriate investment strategy is in place, an
 analysis of the UK Plan s assets and liabilities is
 completed periodically.

Cash
 Flows: 

Contributions 

Our United Kingdom subsidiary expects to contribute
 approximately 5.4 million to its UK Plan in 2011.

Estimated
 Future Benefit Payments 

The following estimated benefit payments, which reflect expected
 future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid in the
 following years (in thousands):

Pension 

Benefits 

2011

10,682

2012

10,812

2013

11,372

2014

11,900

2015

13,216

Succeeding five years

76,546

The following table shows certain information for the UK Plan
 where the accumulated benefit obligation is in excess of plan
 assets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

Projected benefit obligation

249,848

253,730

Accumulated benefit obligation

249,848

225,855

Fair value of plan assets

212,933

174,426

We also sponsor two domestic defined benefit plans in which
 participation by new individuals is frozen. The benefit
 obligation associated with these plans as of December 31,
 2010 and 2009 was approximately 6.1 million and
 5.4 million, respectively. The estimated fair value of the
 plan assets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 was
 approximately 5.0 million and 4.7 million, respectively.
 The plan assets are considered Level 1 assets within the
 fair value hierarchy and are predominantly invested in cash,

63

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 

RETIREMENT
 PLANS (Continued) 

equities, and equity and bond funds. The pension liability
 balances as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 are classified as
 Other long-term obligations on the accompanying
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. The measurement date for these two
 plans is December 31 of each year. The major assumptions used in
 the actuarial valuations to determine benefit obligations as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 included discount rates of 5.25 
 and 5.00 for the 2010 period and a discount rate of 6.0 for
 the 2009 period for both plans. Also, included was an expected
 rate of return of 7.5 for the 2010 and 2009 periods for both
 plans. The estimated loss for these plans that will be amortized
 from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic
 benefit cost over the next year is approximately
 0.2 million. The future estimated benefit payments
 expected to be paid from the plans for the next ten years is
 approximately 0.4 million per year.

Multi-Employer
 Pension Plans 

We participate in numerous multi-employer pension plans
 MEPPs that provide retirement benefits to certain
 union employees in accordance with various collective bargaining
 agreements. As one of a multitude of participating employers in
 these MEPPs, we are jointly responsible for any plan
 underfunding. Our contributions to a particular MEPP are
 established by the applicable collective bargaining agreements;
 however, our required contributions may increase based on the
 funded status of an MEPP and legal requirements of the Pension
 Protection Act, which requires substantially underfunded MEPPs
 to implement rehabilitation plans to improve their funded
 status. Factors that could impact funded status of an MEPP
 include, without limitation, investment performance, changes in
 the participant demographics, decline in the number of
 contributing employers and changes in actuarial assumptions. In
 addition, we could be obligated to make additional contributions
 if we either cease to have an obligation to contribute to an
 MEPP or significantly reduce our contributions to an MEPP
 because we reduce the number of employees contributing to the
 MEPP by reason of layoffs or closure of a subsidiary, and the
 MEPP has unfunded vested benefits. The amount of such additional
 contributions (known as a withdrawal liability) would equal our
 proportionate share of the MEPP s unfunded vested benefits.
 We believe that certain of the MEPPs in which we participate may
 have unfunded vested benefits. Due to uncertainty regarding
 future factors that could trigger withdrawal liability, as well
 as the absence of specific information regarding the MEPP s
 current financial situation, we are unable to determine
 (a) the amount and timing of our future withdrawal
 liability, if any, and (b) whether our participation in
 these MEPPs could have a material adverse impact on our
 financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Our
 regular scheduled contributions to the MEPPs approximated
 176.2 million, 188.2 million and 221.1 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. We have not recognized any withdrawal liabilities
 for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2008. We recorded
 approximately 1.0 million for withdrawal liabilities for
 the year ended December 31, 2009.

Defined
 Contribution Plans 

We have defined contribution retirement and savings plans that
 cover eligible employees in the United States. Contributions to
 these plans are based on a percentage of the employee s
 base compensation. The expenses recognized for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 for these plans were
 11.0 million, 9.7 million and 9.3 million,
 respectively. At our discretion, we may make additional
 supplemental matching contributions to a defined contribution
 retirement and savings plan. The supplemental contributions for
 the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were
 6.2 million, 7.6 million and 5.6 million,
 respectively.

Our United Kingdom subsidiary has defined contribution
 retirement plans. The expense recognized for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was 5.1 million,
 3.3 million and 3.7 million, respectively. The
 increase in the expense recognized for 2010 compared to 2009 was
 primarily due to the UK Plan being curtailed and replaced by a
 defined contribution plan.

Our Canadian subsidiary has a defined contribution retirement
 plan. The expense recognized was 0.3 million for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

64

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 16 

COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES 

Commitments 

We lease land, buildings and equipment under various leases. The
 leases frequently include renewal options and escalation clauses
 and require us to pay for utilities, taxes, insurance and
 maintenance expenses.

Future minimum payments, by year and in the aggregate, under
 capital leases, non-cancelable operating leases and related
 subleases with initial or remaining terms of one or more years
 at December 31, 2010, were as follows (in thousands):

Capital 

Operating 

Sublease 

Leases 

Leases 

Income 

2011

597

51,560

1,007

2012

453

38,729

1,011

2013

443

29,079

963

2014

433

22,816

676

2015

18,881

553

Thereafter

30,832

43

Total minimum lease payment

1,926

191,897

4,253

Amounts representing interest

(277

Present value of net minimum lease payments

1,649

Rent expense for operating leases and other rental items,
 including short-term equipment rentals charged to cost of sales
 for our construction contracts, for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was 90.0 million,
 97.4 million and 108.2 million, respectively. Rent
 expense for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and
 2008 was reported net of sublease rental income of
 0.9 million, 0.7 million and 0.6 million,
 respectively.

Contractual
 Guarantees 

We have agreements with our executive officers and certain other
 key management personnel providing for severance benefits for
 such employees upon termination of their employment under
 certain circumstances.

We are contingently liable to sureties in respect of performance
 and payment bonds issued by sureties, usually at the request of
 customers in connection with construction projects, which secure
 our payment and performance obligations under contracts for such
 projects. In addition, at the request of labor unions
 representing certain of our employees, bonds are sometimes
 provided to secure obligations for wages and benefits payable to
 or for such employees. Our bonding requirements typically
 increase as the amount of public sector work increases. As of
 December 31, 2010, based on our
 percentage-of-completion 
 of our projects covered by surety bonds, our aggregate estimated
 exposure, had there been defaults on all our then existing
 contractual obligations, was approximately 1.4 billion.
 The surety bonds are issued by surety companies in return for
 premiums, which vary depending on the size and type of bond. We
 have agreed to indemnify the sureties for amounts, if any, paid
 by them in respect of bonds issued on our behalf.

We are subject to regulation with respect to the handling of
 certain materials used in construction, which are classified as
 hazardous or toxic by federal, state and local agencies. Our
 practice is to avoid participation in projects principally
 involving the remediation or removal of such materials. However,
 when remediation is required as part of our contract
 performance, we believe we comply with all applicable
 regulations governing the discharge of material into the
 environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the
 environment.

At December 31, 2010, we employed over 24,000 people,
 approximately 65 of whom are represented by various unions
 pursuant to more than 400 collective bargaining agreements
 between our individual subsidiaries and local unions. We believe
 that our employee relations are generally good. Only two of
 these collective bargaining agreements are national or regional
 in scope.

65

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 16 

COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

Restructuring expenses, primarily relating to employee severance
 obligations and leased facilities, were 4.3 million,
 6.0 million and 1.8 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. The 2010 restructuring expenses were primarily
 attributable to our Canadian operations and our United States
 electrical construction and facilities services segment. The
 2009 restructuring expenses were primarily related to our
 Canadian and UK operations, while the 2008 restructuring
 expenses were primarily related to our UK operations. As of
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the balance of our
 severance obligations was 1.0 million, 1.7 million
 and 0.5 million, respectively. The severance obligations
 outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 were paid
 during 2010 and 2009, respectively. The severance obligations
 outstanding as of December 31, 2010 will be paid in 2011.

Legal
 Matters 

On March 14, 2003, John Mowlem Construction plc
 Mowlem presented a claim in arbitration against
 our United Kingdom subsidiary, EMCOR Group (UK) plc (formerly
 named EMCOR Drake Scull Group plc)
 D S ), in connection with a subcontract
 D S entered into with Mowlem with respect to a project for
 the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence at Abbey Wood in
 Bristol, U.K. Mowlem seeks damages arising out of alleged
 defects in the D S design and construction of the
 electrical and mechanical engineering services for the project.
 Mowlem s claim is for 38.5 million British pounds
 sterling (approximately 60.0 million), which includes
 costs allegedly incurred by Mowlem in connection with
 rectification of the alleged defects, overhead, legal fees,
 delay and disruption costs related to such defects, and interest
 on such amounts. The claim also includes amounts in respect of
 liabilities that Mowlem accepted in connection with a settlement
 agreement it entered into with the Ministry of Defence and which
 it claims are attributable to D S. D S believes it has
 good and meritorious defenses to the Mowlem claim. D S has
 denied liability and has asserted a counterclaim for
 approximately 11.6 million British pounds sterling
 (approximately 18.1 million) for certain design, labor and
 delay and disruption costs incurred by D S in connection
 with its subcontract with Mowlem for work performed through 1996.

We are involved in other proceedings in which damages and claims
 have been asserted against us. We believe that we have a number
 of valid defenses to such proceedings and claims and intend to
 vigorously defend ourselves. We do not believe that any such
 matters will have a materially adverse effect on our financial
 position, results of operations or liquidity.

NOTE 17 

ADDITIONAL
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

The following presents information about cash paid for interest,
 income taxes and other non-cash financing activities for the
 years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in thousands):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest

9,240

6,174

9,993

Income taxes

77,264

97,505

120,384

Non-cash financing activities:

Assets acquired under capital lease obligations

1,478

528

Capital lease obligations terminated

674

Contingent purchase price accrued

1,428

2,197

3,297

NOTE 18 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION 

We have the following reportable segments which provide services
 associated with the design, integration, installation,
 start-up, 
 operation and maintenance of various systems: (a) United
 States electrical construction and facilities services
 (involving systems for electrical power transmission and
 distribution; premises electrical and lighting systems;
 low-voltage systems, such as fire alarm, security and process
 control; voice and data communication; roadway and transit
 lighting; and fiber optic lines); (b) United States
 mechanical construction and facilities services (involving
 systems for heating, ventilation, air conditioning,
 refrigeration and clean-

66

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 18 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION (Continued) 

room process ventilation; fire protection; plumbing, process and
 high-purity piping; water and wastewater treatment and central
 plant heating and cooling); (c) United States facilities
 services; (d) Canada construction; (e) United Kingdom
 construction and facilities services; and (f) Other
 international construction and facilities services. The segment
 United States facilities services principally
 consists of those operations which provide a portfolio of
 services needed to support the operation and maintenance of
 customers facilities (industrial maintenance and services;
 outage services to utilities and industrial plants; commercial
 and government site-based operations and maintenance; military
 base operations support services; mobile maintenance and
 services; facilities management; installation and support for
 building systems; program development, management and
 maintenance for energy systems, technical consulting and
 diagnostic services; infrastructure and building projects for
 federal, state and local governmental agencies and bodies; small
 modification and retrofit projects; and retrofit projects to
 comply with clean air laws), which services are not generally
 related to customers construction programs, as well as
 industrial services operations, which primarily provide
 aftermarket maintenance and repair services, replacement parts
 and fabrication services for highly engineered shell and tube
 heat exchangers for the refineries and petrochemical industry.
 The Canada construction segment performs electrical construction
 and mechanical construction. The United Kingdom and Other
 international construction and facilities services segments
 perform electrical construction, mechanical construction and
 facilities services. Our Other international construction
 and facilities services segment consisted of our equity
 interest in a Middle East venture, which interest we sold in
 June 2010. The following tables present information about
 industry segments and geographic areas for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in millions):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Revenues from unrelated entities:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

1,158.9

1,273.7

1,700.5

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

1,708.4

1,959.9

2,387.8

United States facilities services

1,522.3

1,493.6

1,606.4

Total United States operations

4,389.6

4,727.2

5,694.7

Canada construction

269.3

320.2

424.5

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

462.4

500.5

666.0

Other international construction and facilities services

Total worldwide operations

5,121.3

5,547.9

6,785.2

Total revenues:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

1,167.8

1,281.9

1,707.0

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

1,715.3

1,975.2

2,405.8

United States facilities services

1,544.7

1,511.6

1,613.9

Less intersegment revenues

(38.2

(41.5

(32.0

Total United States operations

4,389.6

4,727.2

5,694.7

Canada construction

269.3

320.2

424.5

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

462.4

500.5

666.0

Other international construction and facilities services

Total worldwide operations

5,121.3

5,547.9

6,785.2

67

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 18 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION (Continued) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Operating (loss) income:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

70.4

114.5

114.4

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

131.3

129.7

126.5

United States facilities services

60.0

73.7

104.8

Total United States operations

261.7

317.9

345.7

Canada construction

0.3

15.4

10.9

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

15.7

12.0

14.4

Other international construction and facilities services

(0.1

(0.1

(0.7

Corporate administration

(55.9

(63.3

(65.9

Restructuring expenses

(4.3

(6.0

(1.8

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

(246.1

(13.5

Total worldwide operations

(28.7

262.4

302.6

Other corporate items:

Interest expense

(12.2

(7.9

(11.8

Interest income

2.7

4.7

9.9

Gain on sale of equity investment

7.9

(Loss) income before income taxes

(30.3

259.3

300.7

Capital expenditures:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

3.5

4.0

6.6

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

2.5

3.3

9.2

United States facilities services

11.9

13.0

18.4

Total United States operations

17.9

20.3

34.2

Canada construction

0.2

1.5

0.8

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

1.0

1.6

0.7

Other international construction and facilities services

Corporate administration

0.3

0.7

1.8

Total worldwide operations

19.4

24.1

37.5

Depreciation and amortization of Property, plant and equipment:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

4.4

4.5

4.0

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

4.5

6.5

6.3

United States facilities services

14.1

13.0

10.9

Total United States operations

23.0

24.0

21.2

Canada construction

0.6

0.8

1.2

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

1.1

0.9

1.8

Other international construction and facilities services

Corporate administration

0.8

1.1

1.0

Total worldwide operations

25.5

26.8

25.2

68

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 18 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION (Continued) 

2010 

2009 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

25.7

31.6

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

20.5

23.1

United States facilities services

21.7

17.1

Total United States operations

67.9

71.8

Canada construction

12.0

12.7

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

8.4

5.5

Other international construction and facilities services

Total worldwide operations

88.3

90.0

Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
 uncompleted contracts:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

161.5

163.9

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

195.7

242.4

United States facilities services

32.7

20.8

Total United States operations

389.9

427.1

Canada construction

16.2

21.6

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

50.6

77.5

Other international construction and facilities services

Total worldwide operations

456.7

526.2

Long-lived assets:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

16.5

18.1

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

213.6

217.1

United States facilities services

501.1

705.8

Total United States operations

731.2

941.0

Canada construction

3.5

3.8

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

4.3

3.4

Other international construction and facilities services

Corporate administration

1.5

2.0

Total worldwide operations

740.5

950.2

Goodwill:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

3.8

3.8

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

175.2

175.2

United States facilities services

227.8

414.6

Total United States operations

406.8

593.6

Canada construction

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

Other international construction and facilities services

Corporate administration

Total worldwide operations

406.8

593.6

Total assets:

United States electrical construction and facilities services

295.1

294.4

United States mechanical construction and facilities services

577.3

615.5

United States facilities services

866.0

1,020.7

Total United States operations

1,738.4

1,930.6

Canada construction

103.0

114.7

United Kingdom construction and facilities services

201.6

224.8

Other international construction and facilities services

Corporate administration

712.5

711.8

Total worldwide operations

2,755.5

2,981.9

69

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 19 

SELECTED
 UNAUDITED QUARTERLY INFORMATION 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Quarterly and
 year-to-date 
 computations of per share amounts are made independently;
 therefore, the sum of per share amounts for the quarters may not
 equal per share amounts for the year.

March 31 

June 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

2010 Quarterly Results 

Revenues

1,212,212

1,275,649

1,277,277

1,356,147

Gross profit

165,116

176,399

172,928

205,101

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

19,929

226,152

Net income (loss) attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. 

21,817

27,141

(175,625

39,976

Basic EPS

0.33

0.41

(2.64

0.60

Diluted EPS

0.32

0.40

(2.64

0.59

March 31 

June 30 

Sept. 30 

Dec. 31 

2009 Quarterly Results 

Revenues

1,394,636

1,422,670

1,371,985

1,358,651

Gross profit

193,159

214,884

205,245

211,612

Impairment loss on goodwill and identifiable intangible assets

13,526

Net income attributable to EMCOR Group, Inc. 

36,768

44,819

39,986

39,183

Basic EPS

0.56

0.68

0.61

0.59

Diluted EPS

0.55

0.67

0.59

0.58

NOTE 20 

SUBSEQUENT
 EVENTS 

In January 2011, we acquired a company for an immaterial amount.
 This company primarily provides mechanical, HVAC and specialty
 refrigeration systems to many industries in the United States
 and will be included in our United States mechanical
 construction and facilities services reporting segment. The
 purchase price of this acquisition is subject to finalization
 based on certain contingencies provided for in the purchase
 agreement.

70

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of EMCOR Group, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 EMCOR Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as
 of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, cash flows, and equity and
 comprehensive (loss) income for each of the three years in the
 period ended December 31, 2010. Our audits also included
 the financial statement schedule listed at Item 15(a)(2).
 These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility
 of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to
 express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule
 based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
 financial position of the Company at December 31, 2010 and
 2009, and the consolidated results of their operations and their
 cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2010, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the
 related financial statement schedule, when considered in
 relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
 presents fairly in all material respects the information set
 forth therein.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
 report dated February 25, 2011 expressed an unqualified
 opinion thereon.

Stamford, Connecticut

/s/ Ernst
 Young LLP 

February 25, 2011

71

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of EMCOR Group, Inc.:

We have audited EMCOR Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
 Company internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 (the COSO criteria). The Company s management is
 responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
 financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
 of internal control over financial reporting included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over
 Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
 on the Company s internal control over financial reporting
 based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
 considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
 audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of December 31, 2010, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, cash flows, and equity and
 comprehensive (loss) income for each of the three years in the
 period ended December 31, 2010 of the Company and our
 report dated February 25, 2011 expressed an unqualified
 opinion thereon.

Stamford, Connecticut

/s/ Ernst
 Young LLP 

February 25, 2011

72

ITEM 9.
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A.
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Based on an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as required by
 Rules 13a-15(b) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), our President and Chief
 Executive Officer, Anthony J. Guzzi, and our Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer, Mark A. Pompa, have
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in
 Rule 13a-15(e) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective as of
 the end of the period covered by this report.

Management s
 Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f) 
 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Our internal
 control over financial reporting is a process designed with the
 participation of our principal executive officer and principal
 financial officer or persons performing similar functions to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of our financial
 statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies
 and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of
 records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets,
 (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
 recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
 management and Board of Directors and (c) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, our disclosure controls and
 procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. A control
 system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can only
 provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
 of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
 limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
 can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
 instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also,
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
 are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
 because of changes in conditions or that the degree of
 compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

As of December 31, 2010, our management conducted an
 evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting based on the framework established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation,
 management has determined that EMCOR s internal control
 over financial reporting is effective as of December 31,
 2010.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2010 has been audited by
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public
 accounting firm, as stated in its report appearing in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 which such report expressed an unqualified opinion on the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2010.

Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In addition, our management with the participation of our
 principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
 persons performing similar functions has determined that no
 change in our internal control over financial reporting (as that
 term is defined in
 Rules 13(a)-15(f) 
 and 15(d)-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934) occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2010 that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
 over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.
 OTHER INFORMATION 

As previously disclosed in our
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2010, a
 subsidiary of the Company occasionally performs maintenance work
 at mines covered by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of
 1977 MSHA ). On August 9, 2010, the subsidiary
 received three citations claiming the occurrence of violations
 of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly
 and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal
 or other mine safety or health hazard under MSHA. All of such
 citations were related to an accident at a customer s mine
 that resulted in the death of one employee of such subsidiary
 during normal maintenance activities conducted by the subsidiary
 at the customer s mine. All of the alleged violations were
 timely abated. No civil penalties have yet been proposed for
 assessment by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health
 Administration.

73

PART III 

ITEM 10.
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this Item 10 with respect to
 directors is incorporated herein by reference to the Section of
 our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2011 Annual Meeting of
 Stockholders entitled Election of Directors , which
 Proxy Statement is to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this
 Form 10-K 
 relates (the Proxy Statement ). The information
 required by this Item 10 concerning compliance with
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
 incorporated herein by reference to the section of the Proxy
 Statement entitled Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
 Reporting Compliance . The information required by this
 Item 10 concerning the Audit Committee of our Board of
 Directors and Audit Committee financial experts is incorporated
 by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
 Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors 
 and Corporate Governance . Information regarding our
 executive officers is contained in Part I of this
 Form 10-K 
 following Item 4 under the heading Executive Officers
 of the Registrant . We have adopted a Code of Ethics that
 applies to our Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Financial
 Officers, a copy of which is filed as an Exhibit hereto.

ITEM 11.
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated
 herein by reference to the sections of the Proxy Statement
 entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis ,
 Executive Compensation and Related Information ,
 Potential Post Employment Payments , Director
 Compensation , Compensation Committee Interlocks and
 Insider Participation and Compensation Committee
 Report .

ITEM 12.
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item 12 (other than the
 information required by Section 201 (d) of
 Regulation S-K, 
 which is set forth in Part II, Item 5 of this
 Form 10-K) 
 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of the Proxy
 Statement entitled Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Security Ownership of
 Management .

ITEM 13.
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
 INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated
 herein by reference to the sections of the Proxy Statement
 entitled Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
 Participation and Corporate Governance .

ITEM 14.
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Except as set forth below, the information required by this
 Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the section
 of the Proxy Statement entitled Ratification of
 Appointment of Independent Auditors .

74

PART IV 

ITEM 15.
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)

The following consolidated financial statements of EMCOR Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries are included in Part II, Item 8:

Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2010 and 2009

Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008

Consolidated Statements of Equity and Comprehensive (Loss) Income Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

(a)(2)

The following financial statement schedule is included in this Form 10-K report: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

All other schedules are omitted because they are not required, are inapplicable, or the information is otherwise shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

(a)(3) and (b)

For the list of exhibits, see the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page hereof, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.

75

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

EMCOR GROUP, INC. 

(Registrant)

Date: February 25, 2011 

By: /s/ Anthony
 J. Guzzi 
 
 Anthony
 J. Guzzi 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on
 February 25, 2011.

/s/ Anthony
 J. Guzzi 

Anthony
 J. Guzzi 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Mark
 A. Pompa 

Mark
 A. Pompa 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ Frank
 T. MacInnis 

Frank
 T. MacInnis 

Chairman of the Board of Directors

/s/ Stephen
 W. Bershad 

Stephen
 W. Bershad 

Director

/s/ David
 A. B. Brown 

David
 A. B. Brown 

Director

/s/ Larry
 J. Bump 

Larry
 J. Bump 

Director

/s/ Albert
 Fried, Jr. 

Albert
 Fried, Jr. 

Director

/s/ Richard
 F. Hamm, Jr. 

Richard
 F. Hamm, Jr. 

Director

/s/ Jerry
 E. Ryan 

Jerry
 E. Ryan 

Director

/s/ Michael
 T. Yonker 

Michael
 T. Yonker 

Director

76

Schedule

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION
 AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 (In
 thousands) 

Balance at 

(Recovery of), 

Additions 

Beginning 

Costs and 

Charged To 

Balance at 

Description 

of Year 

Expenses 

Other (1) 

Deductions (2) 

End of Year 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Year Ended December 31, 2010

36,188

(5,126
 (3) 

18

(13,793

17,287

Year Ended December 31, 2009

34,832

7,178

307

(6,129

36,188

Year Ended December 31, 2008

26,995

11,671

(79

(3,755

34,832

(1)

Amount principally relates to
 business acquisitions and divestitures, and the effect of
 exchange rate changes.

(2)

Deductions primarily represent
 uncollectible balances of accounts receivable written off, net
 of recoveries.

(3)

Primarily relates to recovery of
 amounts previously determined to be uncollectible.

77

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated By Reference to or 

No. 

Description 

Page Number 

2(a-1)

Purchase Agreement dated as of February 11, 2002 by and
 among Comfort Systems USA, Inc. and EMCOR-CSI Holding Co. 

Exhibit 2.1 to EMCOR Group, Inc. s EMCOR Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2002

2(a-2)

Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 20, 2007
 between FR X Ohmstede Holdings LLC and EMCOR Group, Inc. 

Exhibit 2.1 to EMCOR s Report on Form 8-K (Date of Report
 August 20, 2007)

3(a-1)

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of EMCOR filed
 December 15, 1994

Exhibit 3(a-5) to EMCOR s Registration Statement on Form 10
 as originally filed March 17, 1995 Form 10 

3(a-2)

Amendment dated November 28, 1995 to the Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of EMCOR

Exhibit 3(a-2) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 1995 1995 Form 10-K 

3(a-3)

Amendment dated February 12, 1998 to the Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of EMCOR

Exhibit 3(a-3) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 1997 1997 Form 10-K 

3(a-4)

Amendment dated January 27, 2006 to the Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of EMCOR

Exhibit 3(a-4) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2005 2005 Form 10-K 

3(a-5)

Amendment dated September 18, 2007 to the Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of EMCOR

Exhibit A to EMCOR s Proxy Statement dated August 17, 2007
 for Special Meeting of Stockholders held September 18, 2007

3(b)

Amended and Restated By-Laws

Exhibit 3(b) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 1998 1998 Form 10-K 

4(a)

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
 February 4, 2010 by and among EMCOR Group, Inc. and certain
 of its subsidiaries and Bank of Montreal, individually and as
 Agent and the Lenders which are or become parties thereto (the
 Credit Agreement 

Exhibit 4.1(a) to EMCOR s Report on Form 8-K (Date of
 Report February 4, 2010) February 2010 Form 8-K 

4(b)

Third Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of
 February 4, 2010 among EMCOR, certain of its U.S.
 subsidiaries, and Bank of Montreal, as Agent

Exhibit 4.1(b) to the February 2010 Form 8-K

4(c)

Third Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement dated as of
 February 4, 2010 among EMCOR, certain of its U.S.
 subsidiaries, and Bank of Montreal, as Agent

Exhibit 4.1(c) to the February 2010 Form 8-K

4(d)

Second Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement dated as of
 February 4, 2010 by certain of EMCOR s U.S.
 subsidiaries in favor of Bank of Montreal, as Agent

Exhibit 4.1(d) to the February 2010 Form 8-K

10(a)

Form of Severance Agreement Severance Agreement between EMCOR and each of Sheldon I. Cammaker, R. Kevin Matz and
 Mark A. Pompa

Exhibit 10.1 to the April 2005 Form 8-K

10(b)

Form of Amendment to Severance Agreement between EMCOR and each
 of Sheldon I. Cammaker, R. Kevin Matz and Mark A. Pompa

Exhibit 10(c) of EMCOR s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended March 31, 2007 March 2007 Form
 10-Q 

78

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated By Reference to or 

No. 

Description 

Page Number 

10(c)

Letter Agreement dated October 12, 2004 between Anthony
 Guzzi and EMCOR (the Guzzi Letter Agreement 

Exhibit 10.1 to EMCOR s Report on Form
 8-K (Date of
 Report October 12, 2004)

10(d)

Form of Confidentiality Agreement between Anthony Guzzi and EMCOR

Exhibit C to the Guzzi Letter Agreement

10(e)

Form of Indemnification Agreement between EMCOR and each of its
 officers and directors

Exhibit F to the Guzzi Letter Agreement

10(f-1)

Severance Agreement Guzzi Severance Agreement dated October 25, 2004 between Anthony Guzzi and EMCOR

Exhibit D to the Guzzi Letter Agreement

10(f-2)

Amendment to Guzzi Severance Agreement

Exhibit 10(g-2) to the March 2007
 Form 10-Q 

10(g-1)

1994 Management Stock Option Plan 1994 Option Plan 

Exhibit 10(o) to Form 10

10(g-2)

Amendment to Section 12 of the 1994 Option Plan

Exhibit (g-2) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2000 2000 Form 10-K 

10(g-3)

Amendment to Section 13 of the 1994 Option Plan

Exhibit (g-3) to 2000 Form 10-K

10(h-1)

1995 Non-Employee Directors Non-Qualified Stock Option
 Plan 1995 Option Plan 

Exhibit 10(p) to Form 10

10(h-2)

Amendment to Section 10 of the 1995 Option Plan

Exhibit (h-2) to 2000 Form 10-K

10(i-1)

1997 Non-Employee Directors Non-Qualified Stock Option
 Plan 1997 Option Plan 

Exhibit 10(k) to 1998 Form 10-K

10(i-2)

Amendment to Section 9 of the 1997 Option Plan

Exhibit 10(i-2) to 2000 Form 10-K

10(j-1)

Continuity Agreement dated as of June 22, 1998 between
 Sheldon I. Cammaker and EMCOR Cammaker Continuity
 Agreement 

Exhibit 10(c) to the June 1998 Form 10-Q

10(j-2)

Amendment dated as of May 4, 1999 to Cammaker Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(i) to the June 1999 Form 10-Q

10(j-3)

Amendment dated as of March 1, 2007 to Cammaker Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(m-3) to the March 2007
 Form 10-Q 

10(k-1)

Continuity Agreement dated as of June 22, 1998 between R.
 Kevin Matz and EMCOR Matz Continuity Agreement 

Exhibit 10(f) to the June 1998 Form 10-Q

10(k-2)

Amendment dated as of May 4, 1999 to Matz Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(m) to the June 1999 Form 10-Q

10(k-3)

Amendment dated as of January 1, 2002 to Matz Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(o-3) to EMCOR s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended March 31, 2002 March 2002 Form
 10-Q 

10(k-4)

Amendment dated as of March 1, 2007 to Matz Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(n-4) to the March 2007
 Form 10-Q 

10(l-1)

Continuity Agreement dated as of June 22, 1998 between Mark
 A. Pompa and EMCOR Pompa Continuity Agreement 

Exhibit 10(g) to the June 1998
 Form 10-Q 

10(l-2)

Amendment dated as of May 4, 1999 to Pompa Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(n) to the June 1999
 Form 10-Q 

10(l-3)

Amendment dated as of January 1, 2002 to Pompa Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(p-3) to the March 2002
 Form 10-Q 

79

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated By Reference to or 

No. 

Description 

Page Number 

10(l-4)

Amendment dated as of March 1, 2007 to Pompa Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(o-4) to the March 2007
 Form 10-Q 

10(m-1)

Change of Control Agreement dated as of October 25, 2004
 between Anthony Guzzi Guzzi and EMCOR Guzzi
 Continuity Agreement 

Exhibit E to the Guzzi Letter Agreement

10(m-2)

Amendment dated as of March 1, 2007 to Guzzi Continuity
 Agreement

Exhibit 10(p-2) to the March 2007
 Form 10-Q 

10(n-1)

Amendment dated as of March 29, 2010 to Severance Agreement
 with Sheldon I. Cammaker, Anthony J. Guzzi, R. Kevin Matz and
 Mark A. Pompa

Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K 
 (Date of Report March 29, 2010) March 2010
 Form 8-K 

10(n-2)

Amendment to Continuity Agreements and Severance Agreements with
 Sheldon I. Cammaker, Anthony J. Guzzi, R. Kevin Matz and Mark A.
 Pompa

Exhibit 10(q) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2008 2008 Form 10-K 

10(o)

Letter Agreement dated May 25, 2010 between EMCOR and Frank
 T. MacInnis

Exhibit 10.1 to EMCOR s Report on
 Form 8-K 
 (Date of Report May 25, 2010)

10(p-1)

Incentive Plan for Senior Executive Officers of EMCOR Group,
 Inc. Incentive Plan for Senior Executives 

Exhibit 10.3 to
 Form 8-K 
 (Date of Report March 4, 2005)

10(p-2)

First Amendment to Incentive Plan for Senior Executives

Exhibit 10(t) to 2005 Form 10-K

10(p-3)

Amendment made February 27, 2008 to Incentive Plan for
 Senior Executive Officers

Exhibit 10(r-3) to 2008 Form 10-K

10(p-4)

Amendment made December 22, 2008 to Incentive Plan for
 Senior Executive Officers

Exhibit 10(r-4) to 2008 Form 10-K

10(p-5)

Amendment made December 15, 2009 to Incentive Plan for
 Senior Executive Officers

Exhibit 10(r-5) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2009 2009 Form 10-K 

10(p-6)

Suspension of Incentive Plan for Senior Executive Officers

Exhibit 10(r-5) to 2008 Form 10-K

10(q-1)

EMCOR Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP 

Exhibit 10 to
 Form 8-K 
 (Date of Report December 15, 2005)

10(q-2)

First Amendment to LTIP and updated Schedule A to LTIP

Exhibit 10(s-2) to 2008 Form 10-K

10(q-3)

Second Amendment to LTIP

Exhibit 10.2 to March 2010
 Form 8-K 

10(q-4)

Form of Certificate Representing Stock Units issued under LTIP

Exhibit 10(t-2) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2007 2007 Form 10-K 

10(r-1)

2003 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan

Exhibit A to EMCOR s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
 held June 12, 2003 2003 Proxy Statement 

10(r-2)

First Amendment to 2003 Non-Employee Directors Plan

Exhibit 10(u-2) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2006 2006 Form 10-K 

10(s-1)

2003 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Exhibit B to EMCOR s 2003 Proxy Statement

10(s-2)

Amendments to 2003 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Exhibit 10(t-2) to EMCOR s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2003 2003 Form 10-K 

80

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated By Reference to or 

No. 

Description 

Page Number 

10(s-3)

Second Amendment to 2003 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Exhibit 10(v-3) to 2006 Form 10-K

10(t)

Form of Stock Option Agreement evidencing grant of stock options
 under the 2003 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K 
 (Date of Report January 3, 2005)

10(u)

Key Executive Incentive Bonus Plan

Exhibit B to EMCOR s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
 held June 18, 2008 2008 Proxy Statement 

10(v)

2005 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Exhibit B to EMCOR s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
 held June 16, 2005 2005 Proxy Statement 

10(w)

First Amendment to 2005 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Exhibit 10(z) to 2006 Form 10-K

10(x-1)

2005 Stock Plan for Directors

Exhibit C to 2005 Proxy Statement

10(x-2)

First Amendment to 2005 Stock Plan for Directors

Exhibit 10(a)(a-2) to 2006 Form 10-K

10(x-3)

Consents on December 15, 2009 to Transfer Stock Options by
 Non-Employee Directors

Exhibit 10(z) to 2009 Form 10-K

10(y)

Option Agreement between EMCOR and Frank T. MacInnis dated
 May 5, 1999

Exhibit 4.4 to 2004 Form S-8 (Date of Report February 18, 2004)
 2004
 Form S-8 

10(z)

Form of EMCOR Option Agreement for Messrs. Frank T.
 MacInnis, Sheldon I. Cammaker, R. Kevin Matz and Mark A. Pompa
 (collectively the Executive Officers for options
 granted January 4, 1999, January 3, 2000 and
 January 2, 2001

Exhibit 4.5 to 2004
 Form S-8 

10(a)(a)

Form of EMCOR Option Agreement for Executive Officers granted
 December 1, 2001

Exhibit 4.6 to 2004
 Form S-8 

10(b)(b)

Form of EMCOR Option Agreement for Executive Officers granted
 January 2, 2002, January 2, 2003 and January 2,
 2004

Exhibit 4.7 to 2004
 Form S-8 

10(c)(c)

Form of EMCOR Option Agreement for Directors granted
 June 19, 2002, October 25, 2002 and February 27,
 2003

Exhibit 4.8 to 2004
 Form S-8 

10(d)(d)

Option Agreement dated October 25, 2004 between Guzzi and
 EMCOR

Exhibit A to Guzzi Letter

10(e)(e-1)

2007 Incentive Plan

Exhibit B to EMCOR s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
 held June 20, 2007

10(e)(e-2)

Option Agreement dated December 13, 2007 under 2007
 Incentive Plan between Jerry E. Ryan and EMCOR

Exhibit 10(h)(h-2) to 2007 Form 10-K

10(e)(e-3)

Option Agreement dated December 15, 2008 under 2007
 Incentive Plan between David Laidley and EMCOR

Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K 
 (Date of Report December 15, 2008)

10(e)(e-4)

Form of Option Agreement under 2007 Incentive Plan between EMCOR
 and each non-employee director electing to receive options as
 part of annual retainer

Exhibit 10(h)(h-3) to 2007 Form 10-K

10(f)(f-1)

2010 Incentive Plan

Exhibit B to EMCOR s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
 held on June 11, 2010

81

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated By Reference to or 

No. 

Description 

Page Number 

10(f)(f-2)

Form Option Agreement under 2010 Incentive Plan between
 EMCOR and each non-employee director with respect to grant of
 options upon re-election at June 11, 2010 Annual Meeting of
 Stockholders

Exhibit 10(i)(i-2) to EMCOR s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarter ended June 30, 2010

10(g)(g)

Form of letter agreement between EMCOR and each Executive
 Officer with respect to acceleration of options granted
 January 2, 2003 and January 2, 2004

Exhibit 10(b)(b) to 2004 Form 10-K

10(h)(h)

EMCOR Group, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Exhibit C to EMCOR s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
 held June 18, 2008

10(i)(i-1)

Certificate dated March 24, 2008 evidencing Phantom Stock
 Unit Award to Frank T. MacInnis

Exhibit 10(j)(j-1) to EMCOR s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 March 2008
 Form 10-Q 

10(i)(i-2)

Certificate dated March 24, 2008 evidencing Phantom Stock
 Unit Award to Anthony J. Guzzi

Exhibit 10(j)(j-2) to the March 2008
 Form 10-Q 

10(j)(j)

Certificate dated March 24, 2008 evidencing Stock Unit
 Award to Frank T. MacInnis

Exhibit 10(k)(k) to the March 2008
 Form 10-Q 

10(k)(k)

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated January 4,
 2010 between EMCOR and each of Albert Fried, Jr., Richard F.
 Hamm, Jr., David H. Laidley, Jerry E. Ryan and Michael T. Yonker

Exhibit 10(l)(l) to 2009 Form 10-K

10(l)(l)

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated January 3,
 2011 between EMCOR and each of Richard F. Hamm, Jr., David H.
 Laidley, Jerry E. Ryan and Michael T. Yonker

Page 

11

Computation of Basic EPS and Diluted EPS for the years ended
 December 2010 and 2009 

Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

14

Code of Ethics of EMCOR for Chief Executive Officer and Senior
 Financial Officers

Exhibit 14 to 2003 Form 10-K

21

List of Significant Subsidiaries 

Page 

23.1

Consent of Ernst Young LLP 

Page 

31.1

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 by Anthony J. Guzzi, the President and Chief
 Executive Officer 

Page 

31.2

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 by Mark A. Pompa, the Executive Vice President and
 Chief Financial Officer 

Page 

32.1

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 by the President and Chief Executive Officer 

Page 

32.2

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 by the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer 

Page 

82

EMCOR
 Group, Inc. 
 and Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated By Reference to or 

No. 

Description 

Page Number 

101

The following materials from EMCOR Group, Inc. s Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2010, formatted in XBRL
 (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity
 and Comprehensive (Loss) Income and (v) the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. 

Page 

Filed Herewith 

Furnished Herewith 

Submitted Electronically Herewith 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of
 Regulation S-K, 
 upon request of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
 Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish a copy of any unfiled
 instrument which defines the rights of holders of long-term debt
 of the Registrant s subsidiaries.

83

<EX-10.L.L>
 2
 y88228exv10wlwl.htm
 EX-10.L.L

exv10wlwl 

EXHIBIT 10(l)(l) 

EMCOR GROUP, INC. 
2010 INCENTIVE PLAN

Restricted Stock Award Agreement 

January 3, 2011

EMCOR Group, Inc. 
301 Merritt Seven 
Norwalk, CT 06851-1060

Gentlemen:

The undersigned (i) acknowledges that he has received an award (the Award of stock from
EMCOR Group, Inc. (the Company under the 2010 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to the terms
set forth below and (ii) agrees with the Company as follows:

1. 
 
 Effective Date . This Agreement shall take effect as of January 3,
2011, which is the date of grant of the Award (the Grant Date ). 

2. 
 
 Shares Subject to Award . The Award consists of 1,640 shares (the
 Shares of common stock of the Company Stock ). The undersigned s rights to the
Shares are subject to the restrictions described in this Agreement. 

3. 
 
 Meaning of Certain Terms . The term vest as used herein with respect
to any Share means the lapsing of the restrictions described herein with respect to
such Share. 

4. 
 
 Nontransferability of Shares . The Shares acquired by the undersigned
pursuant to this Agreement shall not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or
otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as provided below. 

5. 
 
 Forfeiture Risk . Except as provided in the following sentence, if the
undersigned ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason, including death, any
then outstanding and unvested Shares acquired by the undersigned hereunder shall be
automatically and immediately forfeited. In the event the undersigned shall cease to
be a director upon or following a Change in Control (as that term is defined in the
Plan), any then outstanding and unvested shares acquired hereunder shall thereupon vest
and shall not be forfeited. The undersigned hereby (i) appoints the Company as the
attorney-in-fact of the undersigned to take such actions as may be necessary or
appropriate to effectuate a transfer of the record ownership of any such shares that
are unvested and forfeited hereunder, (ii) agrees to deliver to the Company a stock
power, endorsed in blank, with respect to such Shares, and (iii) agrees to sign such
other powers and take such other actions as the Company may reasonably request to
accomplish the transfer or forfeiture of any unvested Shares that are forfeited
hereunder. 

6. 
 
 Retention of Certificates . Any certificates representing unvested
Shares shall be held by the Company. 

7. 
 
 Vesting of Shares . Except as provided in Paragraph 6 hereof, the
 shares acquired hereunder shall vest in accordance with the provisions of this
Paragraph 7, as follows: 820 Shares shall be vested as of the Grant Date and an additional 820 Shares on the
first anniversary of the Grant Date. 

8. 
 
 Dividends, etc. . The undersigned shall be entitled to (i) receive any
and all dividends or other distributions paid with respect to those Shares of which he
is the record owner on the record date for such dividend or other distribution, and
(ii) vote any Shares of which he is the record owner on the record date for such vote;
provided, however, that any property (other than cash) distributed with respect to a
share of Stock (the associated share acquired hereunder, including without
limitation a distribution of Stock by reason of a stock dividend, stock split or
otherwise, or a distribution of other securities with respect to an associated share,
shall be subject to the restrictions of this Agreement in the same manner and for so
long as the associated share remains subject to such restrictions, and shall be
promptly forfeited if and when the associated share is so forfeited; and further
provided, that the Company may require that any cash distribution with respect to the
Shares other than a normal cash dividend be placed in escrow or otherwise made subject
to such restrictions as the Company deems appropriate to carry out the intent of this
Agreement. References in this Agreement to the Shares shall refer, mutatis mutandis,
to any such restricted amounts. 

9. 
 
 Sale of Vested Shares . The undersigned understands that he will be
free to sell any Share once it has vested. 

Very truly yours, 

Dated: January 3, 2011

The foregoing Restricted Stock 
Award Agreement is hereby accepted:

EMCOR GROUP, INC.

By 
 /s/ ANTHONY J. GUZZI

Anthony J. Guzzi 

2 

</EX-10.L.L>

<EX-11>
 3
 y88228exv11.htm
 EX-11

exv11 

EXHIBIT
 11 

SEE NOTE 4 TO THE ACCOMPANYING CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR INFORMATION RELATING TO THE CALCULATION OF BASIC EPS AND
 DILUTED EPS.

84

</EX-11>

<EX-21>
 4
 y88228exv21.htm
 EX-21

exv21 

EXHIBIT 21 

LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES

Dyn Specialty Contracting, Inc.

MES Holdings Corporation

EMCOR Construction Services, Inc.

EMCOR International, Inc.

EMCOR Mechanical/Electrical Services (East), Inc.

EMCOR (UK) Limited

EMCOR Group (UK) plc

EMCOR Facilities Services, Inc.

EMCOR-CSI Holding Co.

FR X Ohmstede Acquisitions Co.

85

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 y88228exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1

exv23w1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration
 statements of EMCOR Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
 Company of our reports dated February 25,
 2011, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and
 schedule of the Company, and the effectiveness of internal
 control over financial reporting of the Company, included in the
 Annual Report
 (Form 10-K) 
 for the year ended December 31, 2010:

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-168503) 
 pertaining to the 2010 Incentive Plan

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-152764) 
 pertaining to the EMCOR Group, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-147015) 
 pertaining to the 2007 Incentive Plan

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-128840) 
 pertaining to the 2005 Stock Plan for Directors and the 2005
 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-120078) 
 pertaining to the Stock Option Agreement Dated as of
 October 25, 2004 and the Restricted Share Unit Agreement
 Dated as of October 25, 2004

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-112940) 
 pertaining to the Stock Option Agreements dated as of
 January 4, 1999, May 5, 1999, January 3, 2000,
 January 2, 2001, December 14, 2001, January 2,
 2002, June 19, 2002, October 25, 2002, January 2,
 2003, February 27, 2003, and January 2, 2004, the 2003
 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan and the 2003
 Management Stock Incentive Plan

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-86600) 
 pertaining to the EMCOR Group, Inc. Stock Option Agreements
 dated as of January 4, 1999, February 23, 1999,
 January 3, 2000, March 3, 2000, January 2, 2001,
 and December 17, 2001

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-75449) 
 pertaining to the 1997 Non-Employee Directors 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan of EMCOR Group, Inc. and the
 1997 Stock Plan for Directors of EMCOR Group, Inc.

Registration Statement
 (Form S-8 
 No. 333-02819) 
 pertaining to the 1994 Management Stock Option Plan of EMCOR
 Group, Inc. and 1995 Non-Employee Directors Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Plan

Stamford,
 Connecticut
 
 /s/
 Ernst 
 Young 
 LLP 

February 25, 2011

86

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 y88228exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

exv31w1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Anthony J. Guzzi, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 of EMCOR Group, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
 financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f)) 
 for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
 known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
 caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 25, 2011

/s/ Anthony
 J.
 Guzzi 

Anthony J. Guzzi 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

87

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 y88228exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

exv31w2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Mark A. Pompa, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 of EMCOR Group, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
 financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f)) 
 for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
 known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
 caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 25, 2011

/s/ Mark
 A.
 Pompa 

Mark A. Pompa 

Executive Vice President 

and Chief Financial Officer 

88

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 y88228exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

exv32w1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of EMCOR Group, Inc. (the
 Company on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2010 as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Anthony J. Guzzi, President and
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

Date: February 25, 2011

/s/ Anthony
 J.
 Guzzi 

Anthony J. Guzzi 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

89

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 y88228exv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2

exv32w2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of EMCOR Group, Inc. (the
 Company on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2010 as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Mark A. Pompa, Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

Date: February 25, 2011

/s/ Mark
 A.
 Pompa 

Mark A. Pompa 

Executive Vice President 

and Chief Financial Officer 

90

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 eme-20101231.xml
 EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 eme-20101231.xsd
 EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 eme-20101231_cal.xml
 EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 eme-20101231_lab.xml
 EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 eme-20101231_pre.xml
 EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 eme-20101231_def.xml
 EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

