<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20110216_10-K_edgar_data_885721_0000950123-11-014711.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12922943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345982</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2184798</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1114321</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2746212</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5802680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950123-11-014711.hdr.sgml : 20110216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20110216162053
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-11-014711
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20101231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20110216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20110216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXPRESS SCRIPTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000885721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DRUG STORES AND PROPRIETARY STORES [5912]
		IRS NUMBER:				431420563
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20199
		FILM NUMBER:		11617843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE EXPRESS WAY
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3149960900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE EXPRESS WAY
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FdydeuMu5uxK6ZPaMjI3t/9b3k7uxqGOc6UJAEng3oWmdrksY/XP7jqh0LD9KX3r
 IX6IfILQrY1dtHmSTpogGQ==

 0000950123-11-014711.txt : 20110216

10-K
 1
 c59898e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010, 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 

Commission File Number: 0-20199 

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization)

43-1420563 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

One Express Way, St. Louis, MO 
(Address of principal executive offices)

63121 
(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (314) 996-0900

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Class

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock 0.01 par value, including related 
Preferred Share Purchase Rights

Nasdaq Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
of S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of Registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30,
2010, was 25,431,154,000 based on 540,858,000 such shares held on such date by non-affiliates and
the average sale price for the Common Stock on such date of 47.02 as reported on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market. Solely for purposes of this computation, the Registrant has assumed that all
directors and executive officers of the Registrant are affiliates of the Registrant. The
Registrant has no non-voting common equity.

Common stock outstanding as of January 31, 2011:

528,284,000 Shares 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III incorporates by reference portions of the definitive
proxy statement for the Registrant s 2011 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2010.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 Item 1 Business 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Item 2 Properties 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 PART II 
 Item 5 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 PART III 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 SIGNATURES 
 EX-12.1 
 EX-21.1 
 EX-23.1 
 EX-31.1 
 EX-31.2 
 EX-32.1 
 EX-32.2 
 EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT 
 EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

Table of Contents 

Information included in or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and our press releases or
other public statements, contain or may contain forward looking statements. Please refer to a
discussion of our forward looking statements and associated risks in Item 1 Business Forward
Looking Statements and Associated Risks and Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

PART I 
THE COMPANY 

Item 1 Business 

Industry Overview 

Prescription drugs play a significant role in healthcare today and constitute the first line
of treatment for many medical conditions. As the average age of the American population increases
and pharmaceutical research enhances the potential for even more effective drugs, demand can be
expected to increase. For millions of people, prescription drugs equate to the hope of improved
health and quality of life. At the same time, prescription drug costs are becoming one of the most
persistent challenges to healthcare financing. Even as pharmaceutical development opens new paths
to better healthcare, we confront the possibility that high costs may limit access to these
therapies.

Employer total medical costs continue to outpace the rate of overall inflation. National
health expenditures as a percentage of Gross Domestic Product are expected to increase from an
estimated 17.5 in 2010 to 19.6 in 2019 according to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS estimates. In response to cost pressures being exerted on health benefit providers such as
managed care organizations, health insurers, employers and unions, we work to develop innovative
strategies designed to keep medications affordable.

Pharmacy benefit management PBM companies combine retail pharmacy claims processing,
formulary management and home delivery pharmacy services to create an integrated product offering
to manage the prescription drug benefit for payors. Some PBMs also offer specialty services to
provide treatments for diseases that rely upon high-cost injectable, infused, oral or inhaled drugs
which deliver a more effective solution than many retail pharmacies. PBMs have also broadened
their service offerings to include compliance programs, outcomes research, drug therapy management
programs, sophisticated data analysis and other distribution services.

Company Overview 

We are one of the largest PBMs in North America, offering a full range of services to our
clients, which include HMOs, health insurers, third-party administrators, employers,
union-sponsored benefit plans, workers compensation plans and government health programs. We help
health benefit providers address access and affordability concerns resulting from rising drug costs
while helping to improve healthcare outcomes. We manage the cost of the drug benefit by performing
the following functions:

evaluating drugs for price, value and efficacy in order to assist clients in selecting
a cost-effective formulary 

leveraging purchasing volume to deliver discounts to health benefit providers 

promoting the use of generics and low-cost brands 

offering cost-effective home delivery pharmacy and specialty services which result in
drug cost savings for plan sponsors and co-payment savings for members 

We work with clients, manufacturers, pharmacists and physicians to increase efficiency in the
drug distribution chain, to manage costs in the pharmacy benefit and to improve members health
outcomes and satisfaction. In an effort to deliver a superior clinical offering which targets the
reduction of waste and the improvement of health outcomes, we apply a unique behavior-centric
approach to changing consumer behavior which we call Consumerology .

Plan sponsors who are more aggressive in taking advantage of our effective tools to manage
drug spend have seen actual reduction in their prescription drug trend while preserving healthcare
outcomes. Greater use of generic drugs and lower-cost brand drugs has resulted in significant
reductions in spending for commercially insured consumers and their employers.

We have organized our operations into two business segments based on products and services
offered: PBM and Emerging Markets EM ).

1 

Table of Contents 

Our PBM segment primarily consists of the following services:

retail network pharmacy management and retail drug card programs 

home delivery services 

specialty benefit services 

patient care contact centers 

benefit plan design and consultation 

drug formulary management, compliance and therapy management programs 

information reporting and analysis programs 

rebate programs 

electronic claims processing and drug utilization review 

consumer health and drug information 

bio-pharma services including reimbursement and customized logistics solutions 

medication therapy and safety through pharmacogenomics 

assistance programs for low-income patients 

The EM segment primarily consists of the following services: 

distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical supplies to providers and clinics 

distribution of fertility pharmaceuticals requiring special handling or packaging 

healthcare account administration and implementation of consumer-directed healthcare
solutions 

Our revenues are generated primarily from the delivery of prescription drugs through our
contracted network of retail pharmacies, home delivery and specialty pharmacy services and EM
services. Revenues from the delivery of prescription drugs to our members represented 99.4 of
revenues in 2010, 98.9 in 2009, and 98.8 in 2008. Revenues from services, such as the fees
associated with the administration of retail pharmacy networks contracted by certain clients,
medication counseling services, and certain specialty distribution services, comprised the
remainder of our revenues.

Prescription drugs are dispensed to members of the health plans we serve primarily through
networks of retail pharmacies that are under non-exclusive contracts with us and through the three
home delivery fulfillment pharmacies, eight specialty drug pharmacies and two fertility pharmacies
we operated as of December 31, 2010. More than 60,000 retail pharmacies, which represent over 95 
of all United States retail pharmacies, participate in one or more of our networks. The top ten
retail pharmacy chains represent approximately 50 of the total number of stores in our largest
network.

We were incorporated in Missouri in September 1986, and were reincorporated in Delaware in
March 1992. Our principal executive offices are located at One Express Way, Saint Louis, Missouri,
63121. Our telephone number is (314) 996-0900 and our web site is www.express-scripts.com.
Information included on our web site is not part of this annual report.

Products and Services 

Pharmacy Benefit Management Services 

Overview . Our PBM services involve the management of outpatient prescription drug utilization
to foster high quality, cost-effective pharmaceutical care. We consult with our clients to assist
them in selecting plan design features that balance clients requirements for cost control with
member choice and convenience. For example, some clients receive a smaller discount on pricing in
the retail pharmacy network or home delivery pharmacy in exchange for receiving all or a larger
share of the pharmaceutical manufacturer rebates. Other clients receive a greater discount on
pricing in the retail pharmacy network or home delivery pharmacy in exchange for a smaller share of
the pharmaceutical manufacturer rebates. During 2010, 97.0 of our revenue was derived by our PBM
operations, compared to 94.9 and 93.8 during 2009 and 2008, respectively.

Retail Network Pharmacy Administration. We contract with retail pharmacies to provide
prescription drugs to members of the pharmacy benefit plans we manage. In the United States, we
negotiate with pharmacies to discount the price at which they will provide drugs to members and
manage national and regional networks that are responsive to client preferences related to cost
containment, convenience of access for members and network performance. We also manage networks of
pharmacies that are customized for or under direct contract with specific clients. In addition, we
have contracted Medicare Part D provider networks to comply with CMS access requirements for the
Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program.

2 

Table of Contents 

All retail pharmacies in our pharmacy networks communicate with us online and in real-time to
process prescription drug claims. When a member of a plan presents his or her identification card
at a network pharmacy, the
network pharmacist sends certain specified member and prescription information in an
industry-standard format through our systems, which process the claim and send a response back to
the pharmacy. The electronic processing of the claim includes, among other things, the following:

confirming the member s eligibility for benefits under the applicable health benefit
plan and any conditions or limitations on coverage 

performing a concurrent drug utilization review and alerting the pharmacist to possible
drug interactions and reactions or other indications of inappropriate prescription drug
usage 

updating the member s prescription drug claim record 

if the claim is accepted, confirming to the pharmacy that it will receive payment for
the drug dispensed according to its provider agreement with us 

informing the pharmacy of the co-payment amount to be collected from the member based
upon the client s plan design and the remaining payable amount due to the pharmacy 

Home Delivery Services. As of December 31, 2010, we dispensed prescription drugs from our
three home delivery fulfillment pharmacies. In addition to the order processing that occurs at
these home delivery pharmacies, we also operate eight non-dispensing order processing facilities
and six patient contact centers. Our pharmacies provide patients with convenient access to
maintenance medications and enable us to manage our clients drug costs through operating
efficiencies and economies of scale. Through our home delivery pharmacies, we are directly
involved with the prescriber and patient and, as a result, research shows we are generally able to
achieve a higher level of generic substitutions, therapeutic interventions, and better adherence
than can be achieved through the retail pharmacy networks. Our direct relationship with patients
also enables us to leverage the principles of Consumerology , our proprietary
application of consumer marketing sciences and behavioral psychology, to optimize health outcomes.
As a result of these interactions, we believe we are able to improve patients healthcare
decision-making and satisfaction with their prescription drug benefit.

Specialty Benefit Services. We operate specialty pharmacies in seven states. These locations
provide patient care and direct specialty home delivery to our patients. We offer a broad range of
healthcare products and services for individuals with chronic health conditions and provide
comprehensive patient management services. These include services for physicians, health plan
sponsors and pharmaceutical manufacturers to support the delivery of care.

We provide specialty distribution services, consisting of the distribution of, and creation of
a database of information for, products requiring special handling or packaging, products targeted
to a specific physician or patient population and products distributed to low-income patients. Our
services include eligibility, fulfillment, inventory, insurance verification/authorization and
payment.

Patient Care Contact Centers. Although we contract with health plans and employers, the
ultimate recipients of many of our services are the members and employees of these health plans and
employers. We believe client satisfaction is dependent upon patient satisfaction. Domestic
patients can call us toll-free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to obtain information about their
prescription drug plan from our trained patient care advocates and pharmacists.

Benefit Plan Design and Consultation. We offer consultation and financial modeling to assist
our clients in selecting benefit plan designs that meet their needs for member satisfaction and
cost control. The most common benefit design options we offer to our clients are:

financial incentives and reimbursement limitations on the drugs covered by the plan,
including drug formularies, tiered co-payments, deductibles or annual benefit maximums 

generic drug utilization incentives 

incentives or requirements to use only certain network pharmacies or to order certain
maintenance drugs (e.g., therapies for diabetes, high blood pressure, etc.) only through
our home delivery pharmacies 

reimbursement limitations on the amount of a drug that can be obtained in a specific
period 

utilization management programs such as step therapy and prior authorization, which
focus the use of medications according to clinically developed algorithms 

evidence-based, behavior-centric Consumerology programs that drive adoption
of generics, better therapy adherence and greater use of home delivery 

The client s choice of benefit design is entered into our electronic claims processing system,
which applies the plan design parameters as claims are submitted and enables our clients and us to
monitor the financial performance of the plan.

3 

Table of Contents 

Drug Formulary Management, Compliance and Therapy Management Programs. Formularies are lists
of drugs to which benefit design is applied under the applicable plan. We have many years of
formulary development expertise and maintain an extensive clinical pharmacy department.

Our foremost consideration in the formulary development process is the clinical
appropriateness of the particular drugs. In developing formularies, we first perform a rigorous
assessment of the available evidence regarding each drug s safety and clinical effectiveness. No
new drug is added to the formulary until it is approved by our National Pharmacy Therapeutics P T Committee a panel composed of 19 independent physicians and pharmacists in active
clinical practice, representing a variety of specialties and practice settings, typically with
major academic affiliations. We fully comply with the P T Committee s clinical recommendations.
In making its clinical recommendation, the P T Committee has no information regarding the discount
or rebate arrangement we might negotiate with the manufacturer. This is designed to ensure the
clinical recommendation is not affected by our financial arrangements. After the clinical
recommendation is made, the drugs are evaluated on an economic basis to determine optimal
cost-effectiveness.

We administer a number of different formularies for our clients. The use of formulary drugs
is encouraged through various benefit design features. For example, historically, many clients
selected a plan design that included an open formulary in which all drugs were covered by the plan.
Today, a majority of our clients select formularies that are designed to be used with various
financial or other incentives, such as three-tier co-payments, which drive the selection of
formulary drugs over their non-formulary alternatives. Some clients select closed formularies, in
which benefits are available only for drugs listed on the formulary. In 2010, about 80 of all
claims fell into three-tier or closed categories compared to 79 for 2009 and 77 for 2008. Use of
formulary drugs can be encouraged in the following ways:

through plan design features, such as tiered co-payments, which require the member to
pay a higher amount for a non-formulary drug 

by applying the principles of Consumerology , our proprietary approach that
combines principles of behavioral economics and consumer psychology with marketing
strategies to effect positive behavior change 

by educating members and physicians with respect to benefit design implications 

by promoting the use of lower cost generic alternatives 

by implementing utilization management programs such as step therapy and prior
authorization, which focus the use of medications according to clinically developed
algorithms 

We also provide formulary compliance services to our clients. For example, if a doctor has
prescribed a drug that is not on a client s formulary, we notify the pharmacist through our claims
processing system. The pharmacist may then contact the doctor to attempt to obtain the doctor s
consent to change the prescription to the appropriate formulary product. The doctor has the final
decision-making authority in prescribing the medication.

We also offer innovative clinically based intervention programs to assist and manage patient
quality of life, client drug trend, and physician communication/education. These programs
encompass comprehensive point of service and retrospective drug utilization review, physician
profiling, academic detailing, prior authorization, disease care management, and clinical guideline
dissemination to physicians.

Since implementing Consumerology in 2008, we have further developed and refined
the methods we use to improve how members use their pharmacy benefit, stay compliant with their
medications and save money for themselves and their plan sponsors. Through
Consumerology we believe we are enabling better health and value by driving positive
clinical behavior. We use behavioral economics to develop new approaches that drive adoption of
generics, better therapy adherence and greater use of home delivery. Through our
Consumerology Advisory Board, we continue to gain insight into how patients make
decisions about healthcare. The interventions that have resulted from our test-and-learn process
have yielded improvements for our clients and their members.

Information Reporting and Analysis Programs. Through the use of sophisticated information and
reporting systems we are better able to manage the prescription drug benefit. We analyze
prescription drug data to identify cost trends and budget for expected drug costs, assess the
financial impact of plan design changes and assist clients in identifying costly utilization
patterns through an online prescription drug decision support tool.

We offer education programs to members in managing clinical outcomes and the total healthcare
costs associated with certain conditions such as asthma, diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
These programs are based on the premise that better-informed patient and physician behavior can
positively influence medical outcomes and reduce overall medical costs. We identify patients who
may benefit from these programs through claims data analysis or self-enrollment. Using the

4 

Table of Contents 

advanced consumer marketing sciences and behavioral psychology of Consumerology , we are
able to encourage patients to engage in more health-promoting behaviors that can have sustainable,
life-changing benefits.

We offer a tiered approach to member education and wellness, ranging from information provided
through our Internet site, to educational mailings, to our intensive one-on-one registered nurse or
pharmacist counseling. The programs include providing patient profiles directly to their
physicians, as well as measurements of the clinical, personal and economic outcomes of the
programs.

Rebate Programs. We develop, manage and administer programs that allow pharmaceutical
manufacturers to provide rebates and administrative fees based on utilization of their products by
members of our clients benefit plans. The rebate portion that the client receives varies in
accordance with each client contract.

Our rebates are determined based on the characteristics of the formulary design and pharmacy
benefit structure selected by the client. The amount of rebates generated by these types of
programs is a function of the particular product dispensed and the level of utilization that
occurs. Manufacturers participating in our rebate programs pay us administrative fees in
connection with the services and systems we provide through the rebate program.

Electronic Claims Processing and Drug Utilization Review. Our electronic claims processing
system enables us to implement sophisticated intervention programs to assist in managing
prescription drug utilization. The system can alert the pharmacist to generic substitution and
therapeutic intervention opportunities, as well as formulary compliance issues, and can also
administer prior authorization and step-therapy protocol programs at the time a claim is submitted
for processing. Our claims processing system also creates a database of drug utilization
information that can be accessed at the time the prescription is dispensed, on a retrospective
basis to analyze utilization trends and prescribing patterns for more intensive management of the
drug benefit, and on a prospective basis to help support pharmacists in drug therapy management
decisions.

Consumer Health and Drug Information. We maintain a public website, www.DrugDigest.org,
dedicated to helping consumers make informed decisions about using medications. Much of the
information on DrugDigest.org is written by pharmacists primarily doctors of pharmacy who are
also affiliated with academic institutions. We continually work to expand the interactive tools
available on DrugDigest.org that provide consumers an opportunity to take an even more active role
in maintaining their own health. The information on DrugDigest.org includes:

a drug interaction checker 

a drug side effect comparison tool 

tools to check for less expensive generic and alternative drugs 

audible drug name pronunciations 

comparisons of different drugs used to treat the same health condition 

information on health conditions and treatments 

instructional videos showing administration of specific drug dosage forms 

monographs on drugs and dietary supplements 

photographs of pills and capsules 

interactive care pathways and health risk assessments 

Many features of DrugDigest.org are also available in the limited-access member website at
www.express-scripts.com. The member website gives our clients members access to personalized
current and, in many cases, previous drug histories. Members can use the interactive tools from
DrugDigest.org to check for drug interactions and find possible side effects for all of the drugs
they take.

To facilitate communications between members and physicians, health condition information from
DrugDigest.org has been compiled into For Your Physician Visit which is available on the member
website. Using this tool, members complete and print appropriate checklists on conditions such as
diabetes and depression. Discussing the completed checklists gives both the member and the
physician a better understanding of the member s true health status. Information on
DrugDigest.org and www.express-scripts.com does not constitute part of this document.

Bio-Pharma Services . Each year, more specialty drugs become available and the number of
patients using these drugs rises. For new biopharmaceuticals being launched, we can provide
biotech manufacturers product distribution management services. Our trend management programs
allow us to drive out wasteful spend in the specialty pharmacy benefit. We design strategies
tailored to each product s needs with a focus on identifying opportunities to educate the
marketplace regarding drug effectiveness, proper utilization and payor acceptance.

5 

Table of Contents 

Patient Assistance Programs . We provide fulfillment of prescriptions to low-income
patients through pharmaceutical manufacturer-sponsored patient assistance programs. We offer
centralized eligibility, enrollment and fulfillment services tailored to meet the needs of each
client, product, practitioner and patient.

Emerging Markets Services 

Overview . Through our EM segment, we operate integrated brands that service the patient
through multiple paths: Payors, Providers, and Pharma. CuraScript Specialty Distribution provides
specialty distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical supplies direct to providers and clinics and
operates a Group Purchasing Organization for many of our clients. FreedomFP distributes fertility
pharmaceuticals requiring special handling or packaging. ConnectYourCare CYC provides
healthcare account administration and implementation of consumer-directed healthcare solutions.
During 2010, 3.0 of our revenue was derived from EM services, compared to 5.1 and 6.2 during
2009 and 2008, respectively.

Payor Services. We provide a comprehensive case management approach to manage care by fully
integrating pre-certification, case management and discharge planning services for patients. We
assist with eligibility review, prior authorization coordination, re-pricing, utilization
management, monitoring and reporting.

Provider Services. Through our CuraScript Specialty Distribution business unit we provide
distribution services primarily to office and clinic-based physicians treating chronic disease
patients who regularly order high dollar-value pharmaceuticals. We are able to provide competitive
pricing on pharmaceuticals and medical supplies.

Segment Information 

We report segments on the basis of services offered and have determined we have two reportable
segments: PBM and EM. Our domestic and Canadian PBM operating segments have similar
characteristics and as such have been aggregated into a single PBM reporting segment. Our EM
segment primarily includes the Specialty Distribution operations of CuraScript, and our FreedomFP
and CYC lines of business. Information regarding our segments appears in Note 13 Segment
information of the notes to our consolidated financial statements and is incorporated by reference
herein.

Suppliers 

We maintain an inventory of brand name and generic pharmaceuticals in our home delivery
pharmacies and biopharmaceutical products in our specialty pharmacies and distribution centers to
meet the needs of our patients, whether they are being treated for rare or chronic diseases. If a
drug is not in our inventory, we can generally obtain it from a supplier within one business day.
We purchase pharmaceuticals either directly from manufacturers or through authorized wholesalers.
Generic pharmaceuticals are generally purchased directly from manufacturers.

Clients 

We are a provider of PBM services to several market segments. Our clients include HMOs,
health insurers, third-party administrators, employers, union-sponsored benefit plans, workers 
compensation plans and government health programs. We provide specialty services to customers who
also include HMOs, health insurers, third-party administrators, employers, union-sponsored benefit
plans, government health programs, office-based oncologists, renal dialysis clinics, ambulatory
surgery centers, primary care physicians, retina specialists, and others.

In November 2009, we implemented a new contract with the United States Department of Defense DoD ). While we have provided services to the DoD since 2003, this new contract combines the
pharmacy network services, home delivery and specialty pharmacy under one program. The DoD s
TRICARE Pharmacy Program is the military healthcare program serving active-duty service members,
National Guard and Reserve members, and retirees, as well as their dependents. Under the new
contract, we provide online claims adjudication, home delivery services, specialty pharmacy
clinical services, claims processing and contact center support, and other services critical to
managing pharmacy trend.

In December 2009, we completed the purchase of 100 of the shares and equity interests of
certain subsidiaries of WellPoint, Inc. WellPoint that provide pharmacy benefit management
services NextRx or the NextRx PBM Business ). We also entered into a 10-year contract under
which we provide pharmacy benefits management services to members of the affiliated health plans of
WellPoint (the PBM agreement ). Upon close of the acquisition, we began integrating NextRx s PBM
clients into our existing systems and operations, which we substantially completed during 2010.

Our top five clients collectively represented 55.2 , 23.7 , and 18.2 of revenues during 2010,
2009 and 2008 respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2010, our two largest clients,
WellPoint and the DoD, represented 29.2 

6 

Table of Contents 

and 19.7 of revenues, respectively. None of our other clients accounted for 10 or more of
our consolidated revenues during the year ended December 31, 2010. None of our clients accounted
for 10 or more of our consolidated revenues in fiscal years 2009 or 2008.

Medicare Prescription Drug Coverage 

The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the MMA created
the federal Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program under Part D of the Social Security Act.
Eligible Medicare beneficiaries are able to obtain prescription drug coverage under Part D by
enrolling in a prescription drug plan PDP or a Medicare Advantage plan that offers
prescription drug coverage (an MA-PD ). In addition, the MMA created an opportunity for employers
offering eligible prescription drug coverage for their Medicare-eligible members to receive a
subsidy payment by enrolling in the Retiree Drug Subsidy RDS program. In order to claim the
subsidy, the beneficiaries claimed by the employer cannot be enrolled in a PDP or MA-PD.

Our services support clients who have elected to become a PDP or an MA-PD. In addition, we
support the needs of employers who enroll in the RDS program. We provide PBM services to these
clients as well as Part D functions that include managing member out-of-pocket costs, creation of
Explanation of Benefits of the prescription data event, medication therapy management services and
various reporting required by CMS.

We are approved by CMS to function as a Part D PDP plan sponsor, offering prescription drug
coverage to Employer Group Waiver Plans, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Express Scripts
Insurance Company ESIC ). ESIC is licensed by the Arizona Department of Insurance as a
Disability Insurer which meets the CMS requirements of a risk-bearing entity regulated under state
insurance laws or similar statutes.

Acquisitions and Joint Ventures 

On December 1, 2009, we completed the purchase of 100 of the shares and equity interests of
the NextRx PBM Business in exchange for total consideration of 4.675 billion paid in cash. The
working capital adjustment was finalized during the second quarter of 2010 and reduced the purchase
price by 8.3 million, resulting in a final purchase price of 4.667 billion. Prior to its
integration into our existing PBM business, the NextRx PBM Business was a national provider of PBM
services. We believe the acquisition will enhance our ability to achieve cost savings, innovations,
and operational efficiencies which will benefit our customers and stockholders. The purchase price
was primarily funded through a 2.5 billion underwritten public offering of senior notes completed
on June 9, 2009 resulting in net proceeds of 2,478.3 million, and a public offering of 52.9
million shares of common stock (adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split effective June 8,
2010) completed June 10, 2009 resulting in net proceeds of 1,569.1 million. Our PBM operating
results include those of the NextRx PBM Business beginning on December 1, 2009, the date of
acquisition (see Note 3 Changes in business).

On July 22, 2008, we completed the acquisition of the Pharmacy Services Division of MSC -
Medical Services Company MSC ), a privately held PBM, for a purchase price of 251.0 million,
which includes a purchase price adjustment for working capital and transaction costs. Prior to its
integration into our existing PBM business, MSC was a leader in providing PBM services to clients
providing workers compensation benefits. The purchase price was funded through internally
generated cash and temporary borrowings under our revolving credit facility. This acquisition is
reported as part of our PBM segment and did not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements (see Note 3 Changes in business).

We are one of the founders of RxHub, an electronic exchange enabling physicians who use
electronic prescribing technology to link to pharmacies, PBM companies, and health plans. On July
1, 2008, the merger of RxHub and SureScripts was announced. The new organization enables
physicians to securely access health information when caring for their patients through a fast and
efficient health exchange. We have retained one-sixth ownership in the merged company. Due to the
decreased ownership percentage, the investment is being recorded using the cost method, under which
dividends are the basis of recognition of earnings from an investment. This change did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial statements (see Note 5 Joint venture).

We regularly review potential acquisitions and affiliation opportunities. We believe
available cash resources, bank financing or the issuance of additional common stock or other
securities could be used to finance future acquisitions or affiliations. There can be no assurance
we will make new acquisitions or establish new affiliations in 2011 or thereafter. (see Liquidity
and Capital Resources Acquisitions and Related Transactions ).

7 

Table of Contents 

Company Operations 

General . As of December 31, 2010, our PBM segment operated three dispensing home delivery
pharmacies, eight non-dispensing order processing centers, six patient contact centers, eight
specialty drug pharmacies, and two fertility pharmacies. Electronic pharmacy claims processing for
our U.S. operations takes place at facilities owned by an outsourced vendor. At our Canadian
facilities, we have sales and marketing, client services, pharmacy help desk, clinical, network
contracting and management, and certain management information systems capabilities.

Sales and Marketing . In the United States, our sales managers and directors market and sell
PBM services, supported by a team of client-service representatives, clinical pharmacy managers,
and benefit analysis consultants. This team works with clients to make prescription drug use safer
and more affordable. In addition, sales personnel dedicated to our EM segment use direct marketing
to generate new customers and solidify existing customer relationships. In Canada, marketing and
sales efforts are conducted by our staff based in Mississauga, Ontario and Montreal, Quebec.

Pharma and Retail Strategy. Our Pharma and Retail Strategy group is responsible for
contracting and administering our pharmacy networks. To participate in our retail pharmacy
networks, pharmacies must meet certain qualifications, including the requirement that all
applicable state credentialing and/or licensing requirements are being maintained. Pharmacies can
contact our pharmacy help desk toll-free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for information and
assistance in filling prescriptions for our clients members. In addition, our Pharma and Retail
Strategy group audits pharmacies in our retail pharmacy networks to determine compliance with the
terms of their contracts.

Clinical Support. Our staff of highly-trained pharmacists and physicians provides clinical
support for our PBM services. These healthcare professionals are responsible for a wide range of
activities including tracking the drug pipeline; identifying emerging medication-related safety
issues and notifying physicians, clients, and patients (if appropriate); providing drug information
services; formulary management; development of utilization management, safety (concurrent and
retrospective drug utilization review) and other clinical interventions; and/or contacting
physicians, pharmacists, or patients.

Our staff works closely with the P T Committee during development of our formulary and
selected utilization management programs. The P T Committee s goal is to ensure our decisions are
evidence-based, clinically sound, and meet the current standard of medical practice. The P T
Committee s guidance is designed to ensure decisions are clinically appropriate and not superseded
by financial considerations.

We have a research team whose mission is to conduct timely, rigorous and objective research
that supports evidence-based pharmacy benefit management. Using pharmacy and medical claims data
together with member surveys, the research department conducts studies to evaluate clinical,
economic and member impact of pharmacy benefits. The release of our 2009 Annual Drug Trend report
in April 2010 marked our thirteenth consecutive year of tracking prescription drug trends. Based
on a large sample of our membership, the 2009 Annual Drug Trend report examines trends in
pharmaceutical utilization and cost as well as the factors that underlie those trends, including
behaviors that result in wasteful spending in the pharmacy benefit. The Annual Drug Trend report
and results of our other studies are shared at our annual Outcomes Conference and are available on
our website. We also present at other client forums, speak at professional meetings and publish in
health-related journals.

Information Technology. Our Information Technology department supports our pharmacy claims
processing systems, our specialty pharmacy systems and other management information systems
essential to our operations. Uninterrupted point-of-sale electronic retail pharmacy claims
processing is a significant operational requirement for us. Claims for our PBM segment are
presently processed in the United States through systems that are maintained, managed and operated
domestically by internal resources and an outsourced vendor. Canadian claims are processed through
systems maintained and operated by IBM and managed by us. We believe we have substantial capacity
for growth in our United States and Canadian claims processing facilities.

Specialty pharmacy operations are supported by multiple pharmacy systems that are maintained,
managed and operated internally. We have integrated the business to a common set of shared
services and infrastructure, data processing centers, and disaster recovery.

We leverage outsourced vendor services to provide certain disaster recovery services for
systems located at our data centers. For systems not covered by a third party vendor arrangement,
such as our specialty pharmacy data centers, our corporate disaster recovery organization manages
internal recovery services.

8 

Table of Contents 

Competition 

There are a number of other PBMs in the United States against which we compete. Some of these
are independent PBMs, such as Catalyst RX, Medco, and MedImpact. Others are owned by managed care
organizations such as Aetna Inc., CIGNA Corporation, UnitedHealthcare, and Prime Therapeutics.
Some are owned by retail pharmacies, such as Caremark (owned by CVS), Rite Aid Health Solutions and
Walgreens Health Initiatives. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. may continue to engage in certain activities
competitive with PBMs. We also compete against specialized providers, such as Argus and SXC Health
Solutions. Some of these competitors may have greater financial, marketing and technological
resources. In addition, other companies may enter into the business and become increasingly
competitive as there are no meaningful barriers to entry. We believe the primary competitive
factors in the industry include the ability to contract with retail pharmacies to ensure our retail
pharmacy networks meet the needs of our clients and their members, the ability to negotiate
discounts on prescription drugs with drug manufacturers, the ability to utilize the information we
obtain about drug utilization patterns and consumer behavior to reduce costs for our clients and
members, and the level of service we provide.

Government Regulation and Compliance 

Many aspects of our businesses are regulated by federal and state laws and regulations. Since
sanctions may be imposed for violations of these laws, compliance is a significant operational
requirement and we maintain a comprehensive compliance program. We believe we are operating our
business in substantial compliance with all existing legal requirements material to the operation
of our businesses. There are, however, significant uncertainties involving the application of many
of these legal requirements to our business. In addition, there are numerous proposed healthcare
laws and regulations at the federal and state levels, many of which could adversely affect our
business or financial position. We are unable to predict what additional federal or state
legislation, regulations, or enforcement initiatives may be enacted or taken in the future relating
to our business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect any such legislation,
regulations, or actions might have on us. We cannot provide any assurance that federal or state
governments will not impose additional restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that
could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated
financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations.

Pharmacy Benefit Management Regulation Generally. Certain federal and state laws and
regulations affect or may affect aspects of our PBM business. Among the laws and regulations that
may impact our business are the following:

Federal Healthcare Reform. In March 2010, the federal government enacted the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act
of 2010 Health Reform Laws ). The Health Reform Laws include numerous changes to many aspects of
the United States healthcare system, including, but not limited to, additional enforcement
mechanisms and rules related to healthcare fraud and abuse enforcement activities, health plan
coverage mandates, additional rules and obligations for health insurance providers, certain PBM
transparency requirements related to the new healthcare insurance exchanges, and expanded
healthcare coverage for more Americans. While uncertainties still exist regarding implementation
of many components of the Health Reform Laws and numerous anticipated regulations are yet to be
issued, the Health Reform Laws may impact our business in various ways. These impacts may include,
but are not limited to, an increase in utilization of the pharmacy benefit as more individuals
purchase insurance, additional compliance obligations stemming from increased state and federal
government involvement in the healthcare marketplace, and adjusting to marketplace changes
implemented by health plan sponsors and health insurance providers in response to the Health Reform
Laws.

Medicare Part D . We participate in various ways in the federal Part D program created under
MMA, and its implementing regulations and sub-regulatory program guidance (the Part D Rules issued by the CMS. Through our licensed insurance subsidiary, ESIC, we operate as a Part D PDP
sponsor offering PDP coverage and services to our clients and Part D beneficiaries. We also,
through our core PBM business, provide Part D-related products and services to other PDP sponsors,
MA-PDs and other employers and clients offering Part D benefits to Part D eligible beneficiaries.

Medicare Part B and Medicaid. We participate in the Medicare Part B program, which covers
certain costs for services provided by Medicare participating physicians and suppliers and durable
medical equipment. We also participate in many state Medicaid programs directly or indirectly
through our clients that are Medicaid managed care contractors or otherwise interact with state
Medicaid programs.

Anti-Kickback Laws . Subject to certain exceptions and safe harbors, the federal
anti-kickback statute generally prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully paying or
offering any payment or other remuneration to induce a person to purchase, lease, order, or arrange
for (or recommend purchasing, leasing, or ordering) items (including prescription drugs) or
services reimbursable in whole or in part under Medicare, Medicaid or another federal healthcare
program. Several states also have similar laws, some of which apply similar anti-kickback
prohibitions to items or services

9 

Table of Contents 

reimbursable by non-governmental payors. Sanctions for violating
these federal and state anti-kickback laws may include criminal and civil fines and exclusion from
participation in the federal and state healthcare programs.

The federal anti-kickback statute has been interpreted broadly by courts, the Office of
Inspector General OIG within the Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), and
administrative bodies. Because of the federal statute s broad scope, federal regulations establish
certain safe harbors from liability. A practice that does not fall within a safe harbor is not
necessarily unlawful, but may be subject to scrutiny and challenge. Anti-kickback laws have been
cited as a partial basis, along with state consumer protection laws discussed below, for
investigations and multi-state settlements relating to financial incentives provided by drug
manufacturers to retail pharmacies in connection with product conversion programs.

There are other anti-kickback laws that may be applicable, such as the Public Contracts
Antikickback Act, the ERISA Health Plan Antikickback Statute, and various other state anti-kickback
restrictions.

Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law . The federal civil monetary penalty statute provides for
civil monetary penalties against any person who gives something of value to a Medicare or Medicaid
program beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s
selection of a particular provider for Medicare or Medicaid items or services. Under this law, our
wholly-owned home delivery and specialty pharmacies are restricted from offering certain items of
value to influence a Medicare or Medicaid patient s use of our home delivery or specialty services.
The Health Reform Laws also include several new civil monetary provisions, such as penalties for
the failure to report and return a known overpayment and failure to grant timely access to the OIG
under certain circumstances.

Prompt Pay Laws. Under Medicare Part D and certain state laws, PBMs are required to pay
retail pharmacy providers within established time periods that may be shorter than existing
contracted terms, and/or via electronic transfer instead of by check. Changes that require faster
payment may have a negative impact on our cash flow from operations. It is anticipated that
additional states will consider prompt pay legislation and we cannot predict whether a state or
states will adopt such legislation or what effect it will have.

False Claims Act and Related Criminal Provisions. The federal False Claims Act (the False
Claims Act imposes civil penalties for knowingly making or causing to be made false claims or
false records or statements with respect to governmental programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid,
in order to obtain reimbursement. Private individuals may bring qui tam or whistle blower suits
against providers under the False Claims Act, which authorizes the payment of a portion of any
recovery to the individual bringing suit. Some federal district courts have interpreted the False
Claims Act as applying to claims for reimbursement that violate the anti-kickback statute under
certain circumstances. The False Claims Act generally provides for the imposition of civil
penalties and for treble damages, resulting in the possibility of substantial financial penalties.
Criminal statutes that are similar to the False Claims Act provide that if a corporation is
convicted of presenting a claim or making a statement that it knows to be false, fictitious or
fraudulent to any federal agency it may be fined. Some states also have enacted laws similar to
the False Claims Act which may include criminal penalties, substantial fines, and treble damages.

Government Procurement Regulations. As discussed above, we have a contract with the DoD,
which subjects us to all of the applicable Federal Acquisition Regulations FAR and Department
of Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) which govern federal government contracts. Further, there are
other federal and state laws applicable to our DoD arrangement and other clients that may be
subject to government procurement regulations.

Antitrust. The antitrust laws generally prohibit competitors from fixing prices, dividing
markets, and boycotting competitors, regardless of the size or market power of the companies
involved. Further, antitrust laws generally prohibit other conduct that is found to restrain
competition unreasonably, such as certain attempts to tie or bundle services together and certain
exclusive dealing arrangements.

ERISA Regulation . The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA regulates
certain aspects of employee pension and health benefit plans, including self-funded corporate
health plans with respect to which we have agreements to provide PBM services. We believe that the
conduct of our business is not generally subject to the fiduciary obligations of ERISA, and our
agreements with our clients provide that we are not the fiduciary of the applicable plan. However,
there can be no assurance that the U.S. Department of Labor (the DOL ), which is the agency that
enforces ERISA, would not assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by ERISA apply to certain
aspects of our operations or that courts in private ERISA litigation would not so rule.

10 

Table of Contents 

In addition to its fiduciary provisions, ERISA imposes civil and criminal liability on service
providers to health plans and certain other persons if certain forms of illegal remuneration are
made or received. These provisions of ERISA are similar, but not identical, to the healthcare
anti-kickback statutes discussed above, although ERISA lacks the statutory and regulatory safe
harbor exceptions incorporated into the healthcare statutes. Like the healthcare anti-kickback
laws, the corresponding provisions of ERISA are broadly written and their application to particular
cases is often uncertain. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings for discussion of current proceedings
involving us relating to these laws or regulations.

Employee benefit plans subject to ERISA are subject to certain rules, published by the DOL,
relating to annual Form 5500 reporting obligations. The rules include reporting requirements for
direct and indirect compensation received by plan service providers such as PBMs. However, on
February 4, 2010, the DOL issued two frequently asked questions FAQs that specifically address
whether certain direct and indirect compensation received by PBMs is reportable on Form 5500. In
the FAQs, the DOL states that discount and rebate revenue paid to PBMs by drug manufacturers
generally need not be reported on a plan s Form 5500 as indirect compensation, pending further
guidance while the DOL considers these issues.

On December 7, 2010, the DOL held a public hearing regarding the disclosure obligations of
service providers to welfare plans under section 408(b)(2) of ERISA. At this time, we are unable
to predict whether regulations will be issued, the form of such regulations, or their possible
impact on our business practices.

State Fiduciary Legislation. Statutes have been introduced in several states that purport to
declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients. We believe that the fiduciary
obligations that such statutes would impose would be similar, but not identical, to the scope of
fiduciary obligations under ERISA. To date only two jurisdictions Maine and the District of
Columbia have enacted such a statute. Our trade association, Pharmaceutical Care Management
Association PCMA ), filed suits in federal courts in Maine and the District of Columbia alleging,
among other things, that the statutes are preempted by ERISA with respect to welfare plans that are
subject to ERISA. In the Maine case the United States District Court upheld the statute and that
decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. In the District
of Columbia case, the court granted in part PCMA s motion for summary judgment finding that the
District of Columbia law was preempted by ERISA and that decision was affirmed by the United States
Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, thereby creating a conflict between the circuits.
Widespread enactment of such statutes could have a material adverse effect upon our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Consumer Protection Laws. Most states have consumer protection laws that previously have
been the basis for investigations and multi-state settlements relating to financial incentives
provided by drug manufacturers to retail pharmacies in connection with drug switching programs.
Such statutes have also been cited as the basis for claims against PBMs either in civil litigation
or pursuant to investigations by state Attorneys General. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings for
discussion of current proceedings relating to these laws or regulations.

Network Access Legislation. A majority of states now have some form of legislation affecting
our ability to limit access to a pharmacy provider network or removal of a network provider. Such
legislation may require us or our clients to admit any retail pharmacy willing to meet the plan s
price and other terms for network participation any willing provider legislation); or may
provide that a provider may not be removed from a network except in compliance with certain
procedures due process legislation). We have not been materially affected by these statutes.

Legislation Affecting Plan Design. Some states have enacted legislation that prohibits
managed care plan sponsors from implementing certain restrictive benefit plan design features, and
many states have introduced legislation to regulate various aspects of managed care plans,
including provisions relating to the pharmacy benefit. For example, some states, under so-called
 freedom of choice legislation, provide that members of the plan may not be required to use
network providers, but must instead be provided with benefits even if they choose to use
non-network providers. Other states have enacted legislation purporting to prohibit health plans
from offering members financial incentives for use of home delivery pharmacies. Legislation has
been introduced in some states to prohibit or restrict therapeutic intervention, or to require
coverage of all FDA approved drugs. Other states mandate coverage of certain benefits or
conditions, and require health plan coverage of specific drugs if deemed medically necessary by the
prescribing physician. Such legislation does not generally apply to us directly, but it may apply
to certain of our clients, such as HMOs and health insurers. If such legislation were to become
widely adopted and broad in scope, it could have the effect of limiting the economic benefits
achievable through pharmacy benefit management.

11 

Table of Contents 

Legislation and Regulation Affecting Drug Prices. Some states have adopted so-called most
favored nation legislation providing that a pharmacy participating in the state Medicaid program
must give the state the best price that the pharmacy makes available to any third party plan. Such
legislation may adversely affect our ability to negotiate discounts in the future from network
pharmacies.

In addition, federal and state agencies and enforcement officials from time to time
investigate pharmaceutical industry pricing practices such as how average wholesale price AWP is calculated and how pharmaceutical manufacturers report their best price on a drug under the
federal Medicaid rebate program. AWP is a standard pricing benchmark (published by a third party
such as First DataBank or Medi-Span) used throughout the industry, including by us,
as a basis for calculating drug prices under contracts with health plans and pharmacies.
First DataBank and Medi-Span were defendants in a class action suit in federal court in Boston
alleging a conspiracy in the setting of AWP. The parties entered into a settlement agreement which
received final approval by the court, and a roll-back of AWP prices for many drugs went into effect
on September 26, 2009. First DataBank also separately announced that it plans to discontinue
publishing AWP information in the future. Changes to or discontinuation of the AWP standard could
alter the calculation of drug prices for federal programs and other contracts that use the
standard. We are unable to predict whether any such changes will actually occur, and if so, if such
changes would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations,
consolidated financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations.

Further, the federal Medicaid rebate program requires participating drug manufacturers to
provide rebates on all drugs reimbursed through state Medicaid programs, including through Medicaid
managed care organizations. Manufacturers of brand name products must provide a rebate equivalent
to the greater of (a) 23.1 of the average manufacturer price AMP paid by retail community
pharmacies or by wholesalers for products distributed to retail community pharmacies, or (b) the
difference between AMP and the best price available to essentially any customer other than the
Medicaid program and certain other government programs, with certain exceptions. We negotiate
rebates with drug manufacturers and, in certain circumstances, sell services to drug manufacturers.
Investigations have been commenced by certain governmental entities which call into question
whether a drug s best price was properly calculated and reported with respect to rebates paid by
the manufacturers to the Medicaid programs. We are not responsible for such calculations, reports
or payments. There can be no assurance, however, that our ability to negotiate rebates with, or
sell services to, drug manufacturers will not be materially adversely affected by such
investigations or regulations in the future.

Regulation of Financial Risk Plans. Fee-for-service prescription drug plans generally are
not subject to financial regulation by the states. However, if a PBM offers to provide
prescription drug coverage on a capitated basis or otherwise accepts material financial risk in
providing the benefit, laws in various states may regulate the PBM. Such laws may require that the
party at risk establish reserves or otherwise demonstrate financial responsibility. Laws that may
apply in such cases, including as applicable to our Medicare Part D subsidiary, ESIC, include
insurance laws, HMO laws or limited prepaid health service plan laws.

Pharmacy Regulation . Our home delivery and specialty pharmacies are licensed to do business
as a pharmacy in the state in which they are located. Most of the states into which we deliver
pharmaceuticals have laws that require out-of-state home delivery pharmacies to register with, or
be licensed by, the board of pharmacy or similar regulatory body in the state. These states
generally permit the pharmacy to follow the laws of the state in which the home delivery service is
located, although some states require that we also comply with certain laws in that state. We
believe we have registered each of our pharmacies in every state in which such registration is
required and that we comply in all material respects with all required laws and regulations. In
addition, our pharmacists and nurses are licensed in those states where we believe their activity
requires it. Our various pharmacy facilities also maintain certain Medicare and state Medicaid
provider numbers as pharmacies providing services under these programs. Participation in these
programs requires our pharmacies to comply with the applicable Medicare and Medicaid provider rules
and regulations, and exposes the pharmacies to various changes the federal and state governments
may impose regarding reimbursement amounts to be paid to participating providers under these
programs. In addition, several of our pharmacy facilities are participating providers under
Medicare Part D, and as a condition to becoming a participating provider under Medicare Part D, the
pharmacies are required to adhere to certain requirements applicable to the Part D Medicare
program.

Other statutes and regulations affect our home delivery operations, including the federal and
state anti-kickback laws and the federal civil monetary penalty law described above. Federal and
state statutes and regulations govern the labeling, packaging, advertising and adulteration of
prescription drugs and the dispensing of controlled substances. The Federal Trade Commission
requires mail order sellers of goods generally to engage in truthful advertising, to stock a
reasonable supply of the product to be sold, to fill mail orders within thirty days, and to provide
clients with refunds when appropriate. The United States Postal Service has statutory authority to
restrict the delivery of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that could have an
adverse effect on our home delivery operations.

12 

Table of Contents 

Other Licensure Laws. Many states have licensure or registration laws governing certain
types of managed care organizations, including preferred provider organizations, third party
administrators, and companies that provide utilization review services. The scope of these laws
differs from state to state, and the application of such laws to the activities of PBMs often is
unclear. We have registered under such laws in those states in which we have concluded that such
registration is required. Because of increased regulatory requirements on some of our managed care
clients affecting prior authorization of drugs before coverage is approved, we have obtained
utilization review licenses in selected states through our subsidiary, ESI Utilization Management
Company. Moreover, we have received full accreditation for URAC Pharmacy Benefit Management
version 2.0 Standards, which includes quality standards for drug utilization management. In
addition, accreditation agencies requirements for managed care organizations such as the National
Committee on
Quality Assurance, and Medicare Part D regulations for PDP and MA-PDPs may affect the services
we provide to such organizations.

Legislation regulating PBM activities in a comprehensive manner has been and continues to be
considered in a number of states. In the past, certain organizations, such as the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC ), an organization of state insurance regulators,
have considered proposals to regulate PBMs and/or certain PBM activities, such as formulary
development and utilization management. While the actions of the NAIC would not have the force of
law, they may influence states to adopt model legislation that such organizations promulgate.
Certain states have adopted PBM registration and/or disclosure laws and we have registered under
such laws and are complying with applicable disclosure requirements. In addition to registration
laws, some states have adopted legislation mandating disclosure of various aspects of our financial
practices, including those concerning pharmaceutical company revenue, as well as prescribing
processes for prescription switching programs, and client and provider audit terms. Other states
are considering similar legislation, and as more states consider these bills it will be difficult
to manage the distinct requirements of each.

HIPAA and Other Privacy Legislation. Most of our activities involve the receipt or use of
confidential medical information concerning individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and
anonymized data for research and analysis purposes and in some cases provide access to such data to
pharmaceutical manufacturers and third party data aggregators. Various federal and state laws,
including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), regulate and
restrict the use, disclosure and security of confidential medical information and new legislation
is proposed from time to time in various states.

The HHS privacy and security regulations included as part of HIPAA impose restrictions on the
use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information by certain entities. The
security regulations relate to the security of protected health information when it is maintained
or transmitted electronically. Other HIPAA requirements relate to electronic transaction standards
and code sets for processing of pharmacy claims. We are required to comply with certain aspects of
the privacy, security and transaction standard regulations under HIPAA. As part of the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act signed into law on February 17, 2009, Congress adopted the Health
Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ). HITECH significantly
broadens many of the existing federal and security requirements under HIPAA, and introduces more
vigorous enforcement provisions and penalties for HIPAA violations. Like many other companies
subject to HIPAA, the new HITECH standards may have significant operational and legal consequences
for our business.

We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with HIPAA and other state
privacy laws, to the extent they apply to us. To date, no patient privacy laws have been adopted
that materially impact our ability to provide services, but there can be no assurance that federal
or state governments will not enact legislation, impose restrictions or adopt interpretations of
existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

In October of 2008, we received a letter from an unknown person or persons trying to extort
money from the company by threatening to expose millions of member records allegedly stolen from
our system. The letter included personal information of 75 members, including, in some instances,
protected health information. Thereafter we became aware of a small number of our clients who also
received threatening letters which included personal information allegedly stolen from our system.
In late August of 2009, the perpetrator communicated with a law firm about the stolen records. In
this communication, the criminal provided personal data for approximately 800,000 members. We
believe they were stolen as part of the same incident. We continue to work with the Federal Bureau
of Investigation in its investigation of the threats. We have followed state data breach
notification laws in notifying affected members and states attorneys general. Further, we
established a reward of 1 million for the person or persons who provide information resulting in
the arrest and conviction of those responsible for these criminal acts. While we have complied
with all State and Federal reporting requirements, there can be no assurance that the unauthorized
access of personal information or protected health information will not result in inquiries or
action being taken by Federal or State officials, or additional private litigation.

13 

Table of Contents 

EM Services. Many of the laws and regulations cited above with respect to our PBM activities
also apply with respect to our various EM services. Of particular relevance are the federal and
state anti-kickback laws, state pharmacy regulations and HIPAA, which are described above. In
addition, as a condition to conducting our wholesale business, we must maintain various permits and
licenses with the appropriate state and federal agencies, and we are subject to various wholesale
distributor laws that regulate the conduct of wholesale distributors, including, but not limited
to, maintaining pedigree papers in certain instances.

Service Marks and Trademarks 

We, and our subsidiaries, have registered certain service marks including EXPRESS
SCRIPTS , CURASCRIPT , CONNECTYOURCARE and
 CONSUMEROLOGY with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Our
rights to these marks will continue so long as we comply with the usage, renewal filings, and other
legal requirements relating to the usage and renewal of service marks.

Insurance 

Our PBM operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical products by our home delivery
pharmacies, our EM operations, including the distribution of specialty drugs, and the services
rendered in connection with our disease management operations, may subject us to litigation and
liability for damages. Commercial insurance coverage is difficult to obtain and cost prohibitive,
particularly for certain types of claims. As such, we may maintain significant self-insured
retentions when deemed most appropriate and cost effective. We have established certain
self-insurance accruals to cover potential claims. There can be no assurance we will be able to
maintain our general, professional, or managed care errors and omissions liability insurance
coverage in the future or that such insurance coverage, together with our self-insurance accruals,
will be adequate to cover potential future claims. A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance
coverage could have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated results of operations,
consolidated financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations.

Employees 

As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, we employed approximately 13,170 and 14,270 employees,
respectively, which includes approximately 220 and 250 employees in Canada, respectively.
Approximately 870 of the United States employees are members of collective bargaining units.
Specifically, we employ members of the Service Employees International Union at our Bensalem,
Pennsylvania facility; members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees
at our Harrisburg, Pennsylvania facility; and members of the United Food and Commercial Workers
Union at our Albuquerque, New Mexico facility.

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Our executive officers and their ages as of February 1, 2011 are as follows:

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

George Paz

55 

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive
Officer 

Jeffrey Hall

44 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer 

Keith Ebling

42 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary 

Edward Ignaczak

45 

Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

Patrick McNamee

51 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating
Officer 

Agnes Rey-Giraud

46 

President, International Operations 

Kelley Elliott

38 

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and
Controller 

Mr. Paz was elected a director of the Company in January 2004 and has served as Chairman
of the Board since May 2006. Mr. Paz was first elected President in October 2003 and also assumed
the role Chief Executive Officer on April 1, 2005. Mr. Paz joined us and was elected Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer in January 1998 and continued to serve as our Chief Financial
Officer following his election to the office of President until his successor joined us in April
2004.

14 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Hall was named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in April 2008. Prior to
joining us, Mr. Hall worked for KLA-Tencor, a leading supplier of process control and yield
management solutions. Mr. Hall joined KLA-Tencor in January 2000, serving in various positions
including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Mr. Ebling was named Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in December 2008.
Prior to being named Executive Vice President, Mr. Ebling served as Vice President of Business
Development from October 2007 to December 2008. Mr. Ebling served as Vice President and General
Counsel of our CuraScript subsidiary from January 2005 to October 2007.

Mr. Ignaczak was named Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing in May 2008. He was
previously named Executive Vice President, Sales and Account Management in November 2007. He was
elected Senior Vice President Sales and Account Management in December 2002.

Mr. McNamee was named Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer in January 2010.
Prior to this, he served as Executive Vice President, Operations Technology beginning in November
2007. He was elected Senior Vice President, Operations Technology, with responsibility for
Client Patient Services and Information Technology in May 2007. Mr. McNamee joined us and was
elected Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer in February 2005.

Ms. Rey-Giraud was named President, International Operations in November 2008. She previously
was named Executive Vice President, Trade Relations Developing Markets in November 2007. She was
elected Senior Vice President Strategy and Business Development in January 2006. Ms. Rey-Giraud
served as Senior Vice President of Product Management between December 2003 and January 2006.

Ms. Elliott was elected Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller in December
2005. Ms. Elliott previously served in our Internal Audit Department between February 2002 and
December 2005, most recently as Vice President.

Available Information 

We make available through our website (www.express-scripts.com) access to our annual report on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those
reports (when applicable), and other filings with the SEC. Such access is free of charge and is
available as soon as reasonably practicable after such information is filed with the SEC. In
addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) containing reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information regarding issuers filing electronically with the SEC
(which includes us). Information included on our website is not part of this annual report.

Forward Looking Statements and Associated Risks 

Information we have included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and information which may be contained in our other filings with the SEC and our press
releases or other public statements, contain or may contain forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements include, among others, statements of our plans, objectives, expectations
(financial or otherwise) or intentions. 

Our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements. We do not
undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. Any number of factors could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those contemplated by any forward looking statements, including, but not limited to the
factors listed below: 

our ability to remain profitable in a very competitive marketplace is dependent upon
our ability to attract and retain clients while maintaining our margins, to
differentiate our products and services from others in the marketplace, and to develop
and cross sell new products and services to our existing clients. 

our failure to anticipate and appropriately adapt to changes in the rapidly changing
health care industry. 

changes in applicable laws or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement,
or the enactment of new laws or regulations, which apply to our business practices
(past, present or future) or require us to spend significant resources in order to
comply. 

changes to the health care industry designed to manage health care costs or alter
health care financing practices. 

changes relating to our participation in Medicare Part D, the loss of Medicare Part
D eligible members, or our failure to otherwise execute on our strategies related to
Medicare Part D. 

15 

Table of Contents 

a failure in the security or stability of our technology infrastructure, or the
infrastructure of one or more of our key vendors, or a significant failure or
disruption in service within our operations or the operations of such vendors. 

our failure to effectively execute on strategic transactions, or to integrate or
achieve anticipated benefits from any acquired businesses. 

the termination, or an unfavorable modification, of our relationship with one or
more key pharmacy providers, or significant changes within the pharmacy provider
marketplace. 

the termination, or an unfavorable modification, of our relationship with one or
more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or the significant reduction in payments made or
discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers. 

changes in industry pricing benchmarks. 

results in pending and future litigation or other proceedings which would subject us
to significant monetary damages or penalties and/or require us to change our business
practices, or the costs incurred in connection with such proceedings. 

our failure to execute on, or other issues arising under, certain key client
contracts. 

the impact of our debt service obligations on the availability of funds for other
business purposes, and the terms and our required compliance with covenants relating to
our indebtedness. 

our failure to attract and retain talented employees, or to manage succession and
retention for our Chief Executive Officer or other key executives. 

other risks described from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 

These and other relevant factors, including those risk factors in Item 1A Risk Factors in
this Annual Report and any other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report,
and information which may be contained in our other filings with the SEC, should be carefully
considered when reviewing any forward-looking statement. We note these factors for investors as
permitted under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors should understand
that it is impossible to predict or identify all such factors or risks. As such, you should not
consider either foregoing lists, or the risks identified in our SEC filings, to be a complete
discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

Item 1A Risk Factors 

General Risk Factors 

We operate in a very competitive industry, and competition could compress our margins and impair
our ability to attract and retain clients. Our failure to differentiate our products and services
in the marketplace could magnify the impact of the competitive environment. 

Our ability to remain competitive is dependent upon our ability to attract new clients and
retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional services to our clients. We operate in a
highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant market pressures
brought about by customer demands, legislative and regulatory activity and other market factors.
Historically in the PBM industry, competition in the marketplace has also caused many PBMs,
including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and share a larger portion
of the formulary fees and related revenues received from pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients.
This combination of lower pricing and increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for
enhanced service offerings and higher service levels, puts pressure on operating margins, which
have historically been offset by a variety of positive trends including lower drug purchasing
costs, increased generic usage, drug price inflation and increased rebates. Our failure or
inability to maintain these positive trends, or identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing
pressures, could impact our ability to attract or retain clients, or negatively impact our margins.

In addition, our clients are well informed and organized and can easily move between us and
our competitors. These factors together with the impact of the competitive marketplace may make
it difficult for us to retain existing clients, sell to new clients and cross-sell additional
services to clients, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results.

In a highly competitive marketplace such as the PBM industry, a competitor s service offering
and reputation within the industry can have a substantial impact on its ability to attract and
retain clients. This requires us to differentiate our business offerings by innovating and
delivering products and services that demonstrate value to our clients, particularly in response to
market changes from public policy. Further, the reputational impact of a service-related event, or
our failure to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our clients,
may affect our ability to retain or grow profitable clients which could have a material adverse
affect on our financial results.

16 

Table of Contents 

The managed care industry has undergone substantial consolidation in recent years, and we
believe this trend is likely to continue. If one or more of our managed care clients is acquired,
and the acquiring entity is not a client, then we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the
impacted business. If such acquisitions, individually or in the aggregate, are material, they
could have a material adverse affect on our business, the results of our operations and financial
position.

The delivery of healthcare-related products and services is an evolving and rapidly changing
industry. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could have a
negative impact on our ability to compete and adversely affect our business operations and
financial results. 

While we believe we are well positioned in our industry, we have designed our business model
to compete within the current industry structure. Any significant shift in the structure of the
PBM industry could affect the environment in which we compete. A large intra- or inter-industry
merger or a new business model entrant could alter the industry dynamics and adversely affect our
business and financial results as our client contracts are generally three years and our
pharmaceutical manufacturer and retail contracts are generally non-exclusive and terminable on
relatively short notice by either party. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to
changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our
business operations and financial results.

We operate in a complex and evolving regulatory environment. Changes in applicable laws or
regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, or the enactment of new laws or regulations,
could require us to make changes to how we operate our business or result in the imposition of
penalties. Further, we may be required to spend significant resources in order to comply with new
or existing laws and regulations. 

Numerous state and federal laws and regulations affect our business and operations. The
categories include, among others, the following:

health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain types of payments
and referrals as well as false claims made in connection with health benefit programs 

ERISA and related regulations, which regulate many aspects of health care plan arrangements 

state legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on PBMs 

consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations 

network pharmacy access laws, including any willing provider and due process 
legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy network contracts 

wholesale distributor laws 

legislation imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients can
design their drug benefit plans 

various licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator licensure laws 

drug pricing legislation, including most favored nation pricing 

pharmacy laws and regulations 

privacy and security laws and regulations, including those under HIPAA and HITECH 

the Medicare prescription drug coverage rules 

other Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement regulations 

the Prescription Drug Marketing Act 

the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the Health Reform Laws 

federal laws related to our Department of Defense arrangement 

federal antitrust laws related to our pharmacy, pharmaceutical manufacturer, and client
relationships 

These and other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under Item 1 Business 
Government Regulation and Compliance above.

We believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all existing
legal requirements material to us. There are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the
application of many of these legal requirements to our business, and state and federal law
enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies from time to time have initiated investigations or
litigation involving certain aspects of our business or our competitors businesses. Accordingly,
we cannot provide any assurance that one or more of these agencies will not interpret or apply
these laws in a manner adverse to our business, or, if there is an enforcement action brought
against us, that our interpretation would prevail. In addition, there are numerous proposed health
care laws and regulations at the federal and state levels, many of which could materially affect
our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our financial results. We are unable to
predict what additional federal or state legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in
the future relating to our business or the health care industry in general, or what effect any such
legislation or regulations might have on us. Due to these

17 

Table of Contents 

uncertainties, we may be required to spend significant resources in connection with such
investigations or litigation or to comply with new or existing laws and regulations.

Various governmental agencies have conducted investigations into certain PBM business
practices. Many of these investigations have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil penalties,
including the payment of money and corporate integrity agreements. We cannot predict what effect,
if any, these investigations may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry generally (see Part I
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings ).

The State of Maine and the District of Columbia each have enacted statutes that purport to
declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients (see Part I Item 1 Business 
Government Regulations and Compliance State Fiduciary Legislation ). Other states are
considering but have not yet enacted similar fiduciary statutes, and we cannot predict what effect,
if any, these and similar statutes, if enacted, may have on our business and financial results.

Most of our activities involve the receipt or use of protected health information concerning
individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized data for research and analysis and
other permitted business purposes and in some cases provide access to data to pharmaceutical
manufacturers and third party data aggregators in accordance with applicable law. Various federal
and state laws, including HIPAA, regulate and restrict the use, disclosure and security of
protected health information and new legislation is proposed from time to time in various states.
To date, no such laws have been adopted that adversely impact our ability to provide services, but
there can be no assurance that federal or state governments will not enact legislation, impose
restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial results.

Policies designed to manage health care costs or alter health care financing practices may
adversely impact our business and our financial results. 

Certain proposals are made from time to time in the United States to manage health care costs,
including prescription drug costs. These have included proposals such as single-payer government
funded health care, changes in reimbursement rates, restrictions on access or therapeutic
substitution, limits on more efficient delivery channels, taxes on goods and services, price
controls on prescription drugs, and other significant health care reform proposals. We are unable
to predict whether any such proposals will be enacted, or the specific terms thereof. Certain of
these proposals, however, if enacted, may adversely impact our business and our financial results.

Further, the Health Reform Laws contain many provisions that directly or indirectly apply to
us, our clients, pharmaceutical manufacturers, health care providers and others with whom we do
business, including:

PBM disclosure requirements in the context of Medicare Part D and the anticipated health
benefit exchanges 

creation of government-regulated health benefits exchanges and new requirements for health
plans offered by insurance companies, employers and other plan sponsors 

medical loss ratio requirements, which require insurers to spend a specified percentage of
premium revenues on incurred claims or health care quality improvements 

various health insurance taxes 

changes to the calculation of average manufacturer price AMP of drugs and an increase
in the rebate amounts drug manufacturers must pay to states for drugs reimbursed by state
Medicaid programs, including through Medicaid managed care organizations 

imposition of new fees on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers of brand-name
prescription drugs 

expansion of the 340B drug discount program, which limits the costs of certain outpatient
drugs to qualified health centers and hospitals 

closing of the so-called donut hole under Medicare Part D by lowering beneficiary
coinsurance amounts 

elimination of the tax deduction for employers who receive Medicare Part D retiree drug
subsidy payments 

mandated changes to client plan designs 

In March 2010, the federal government enacted the Health Reform Laws, which will be gradually
phased in through 2020 (see Item 1 Business Government Regulation and Compliance Federal
Healthcare Reform).

Regulatory or business changes relating to our participation in Medicare Part D, the loss of
Medicare Part D eligible members, or our failure to otherwise execute on our strategies related to
Medicare Part D, may adversely impact our business and our financial results. 

Our subsidiary ESIC offers a PDP in connection with the Medicare Part D program for purposes
of making employer/union-only group waiver plans available for eligible clients. We also provide
other products and services in

18 

Table of Contents 

support of our clients Medicare Part D plans or federal Retiree
Drug Subsidy. We have made, and may be required to make
further, substantial investments in the personnel and technology necessary to administer our
Medicare Part D strategy. There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory risks of
participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we can give no assurance that these risks will
not materially adversely impact our business and our financial results in future periods.

We are subject to various contractual and regulatory compliance requirements associated with
participating in Medicare Part D. As an insurer organized and licensed under the laws of the State
of Arizona, ESIC is subject to state laws regulating the business of insurance in all jurisdictions
in which ESIC offers its PDP. As a PDP sponsor, ESIC is required to comply with federal Medicare
Part D laws and regulations applicable to PDP sponsors. Additionally, the receipt of federal funds
made available through the Part D program by us, our affiliates, or clients is subject to
compliance with the Part D regulations and established laws and regulations governing the federal
government s payment for health care goods and services, including the Anti-Kickback Laws and the
False Claims Act. Similar to our requirements with other clients, our policies and practices
associated with operating our PDP are subject to audit. If material contractual or regulatory
non-compliance was to be identified, monetary penalties and/or applicable sanctions, including
suspension of enrollment and marketing or debarment from participation in Medicare programs, could
be imposed.

In addition, due to the availability of Medicare Part D, some of our employer clients may
decide to stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to retirees, instead allowing the retirees to
choose their own Part D plans, which could cause a reduction in utilization for our services.
Extensive competition among Medicare Part D plans could also result in the loss of Medicare members
by our managed care customers, which would also result in a decline in our membership base. Like
many aspects of our business, the administration of the Medicare Part D program is complex. Any
failure to execute the provisions of the Medicare Part D program may have an adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As discussed above, in March 2010,
comprehensive health care reform was enacted into federal law through the passage of the Health
Reform Laws. Additionally, as described above, the Health Reform Laws contain various changes to
the Part D program and could have a financial impact on our PDP and our clients demand for our
other Part D products and services.

Our ability to conduct operations depends on the security and stability of our technology
infrastructure as well as the effectiveness of, and our ability to execute, business continuity
plans across our operations. A failure in the security of our technology infrastructure or a
significant disruption in service within our operations could materially adversely affect our
business, the results of our operations and financial position. 

We maintain, and are dependent on, a technology infrastructure platform that is essential for
many aspects of our business operations. It is imperative to securely store and transmit
confidential data, including personal health information, while maintaining the integrity of our
confidential information. We have designed our technology infrastructure platform to protect
against failures in security and service disruption. However, any failure to protect against a
security breach or a disruption in service could materially adversely impact our business
operations and our financial results. Our technology infrastructure platform requires an ongoing
commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance in order to keep pace with continuing
changes as well as evolving industry and regulatory standards. In addition, we may from time to
time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from
independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable to such third parties failure
to perform adequately. In the event we or our vendors experience malfunctions in business
processes, breaches of information systems, failure to maintain effective and up-to-date
information systems or unauthorized and non-compliant actions by any individual, this could disrupt
our business operations or impact patient safety, result in customer and member disputes, damage
our reputation, expose us to risk of loss, litigation or regulatory violations, increase
administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences.

We operate dispensing pharmacies, call centers, data centers and corporate facilities that
depend on the security and stability of technology infrastructure. Any service disruption at any
of these facilities due to failure or disruption of technology, malfunction of business process,
disaster or catastrophic event could, temporarily or indefinitely, significantly reduce, or
partially or totally eliminate our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide
products and services to our clients and members. Any such service disruption at these facilities
could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results.

19 

Table of Contents 

We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other
companies or businesses, and will likely engage in similar transactions in the future. Our failure
to effectively execute on such transactions or to integrate any acquired businesses could adversely
impact our operating results, and any such transactions will likely cause us to incur significant
transaction costs and require significant resources and management attention . 

We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other
companies and businesses. These transactions typically involve the integration of core business
operations and technology infrastructure platforms that require significant management attention
and resources. A failure or delay in the integration process could have a material adverse affect
on our financial results. In addition, such transactions may yield higher operating costs,
customer attrition or business disruption than may have been anticipated. Further, even if we are
able to integrate the business operations successfully, there can be no assurance that such
transactions will result in the realization of the expected benefits of synergies, cost savings,
innovation and operational efficiencies, or that any realized benefits will be achieved within a
reasonable period of time.

Strategic transactions, including the pursuit of such transactions, require us to incur
significant costs. These costs are typically non-recurring expenses related to the assessment, due
diligence, negotiation and execution of the transaction. We may incur additional costs to retain
key employees as well as transaction fees and costs related to executing integration plans.
Although we would generally expect the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of
businesses to offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net
benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.

If we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, or our relationship is
modified in an unfavorable manner or if significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider
marketplace, our business could be impaired. 

More than 60,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 95 of all United States retail
pharmacies, participate in one or more of our networks. However, the top ten retail pharmacy
chains represent approximately 50 of the total number of stores in our largest network, and these
pharmacy chains represent even higher concentrations in certain areas of the United States. Our
contracts with retail pharmacies, which are non-exclusive, are generally terminable on relatively
short notice by either party. If one or more of the top pharmacy chains elects to terminate its
relationship with us, or attempts to renegotiate the terms of the relationship in a manner that is
unfavorable to us, our members access to retail pharmacies and our business could be materially
adversely affected. The continued growth of PBMs owned by the top pharmacy chains, or the
acquisition of significant PBM operations by such chains, could increase the likelihood of our
relationships with such pharmacy chains being adversely affected.

If we lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made
or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results
could be adversely affected. 

We maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers that may
provide us with, among other things:

discounts for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery pharmacies; 

rebates based upon distributions of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through
pharmacies in our retail networks; 

administrative fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and maintenance
of formularies which include the particular manufacturer s products; and 

access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals. 

If several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered by the
pharmaceutical manufacturers, our business and financial results could be materially adversely
affected. In addition, formulary fee programs have been the subject of debate in federal and state
legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. Changes in existing laws or
regulations or in interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or
regulations relating to any of these programs may materially adversely affect our business.

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial performance. 

Contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy
networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use average wholesale price or
 AWP , which is published by third parties, as a benchmark to establish pricing for prescription
drugs. Recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether certain third parties will continue
to publish AWP, which may result in the inability of payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in
the prescription drug industry to continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated. In
the event that AWP is no

20 

Table of Contents 

longer published or if we adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the
industry, we can give no assurance that the short or long-term impact of such changes to industry
pricing benchmarks will not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results in
future periods.

Legislation and other regulations affecting drug prices are discussed in more detail under
 Item 1 Business Government Regulation and Compliance Legislation and Regulation Affecting
Drug Prices above.

Pending and future litigation or other proceedings could subject us to significant monetary damages
or penalties and/or require us to change our business practices, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results or condition. 

We are subject to risks relating to litigation, regulatory proceedings, and other similar
actions in connection with our business operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical
products by our home delivery pharmacies, services rendered in connection with our disease
management offering, and our pharmaceutical services operations. A list of the significant
proceedings pending against us is included under Item 3 Legal Proceedings, including certain
proceedings that purport to be class action lawsuits. These proceedings seek unspecified monetary
damages and/or injunctive relief. While we believe these proceedings are without merit and intend
to contest them vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any such proceeding.
If one or more of these proceedings has an unfavorable outcome, we cannot provide any assurance
that it would not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including
our ability to attract and retain clients as a result of the negative reputational impact of such
an outcome. Further, while certain costs are covered by insurance, we are incurring uninsured
costs that are material to our financial performance in the defense of such proceedings.

Commercial liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies in
our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or retention requirements
dictated by insurance carriers. We have established certain self-insurance accruals to cover
anticipated losses within our retained liability for previously reported claims and the cost to
defend these claims. There can be no assurance that general, professional, managed care errors and
omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be reasonably available in the future or
such insurance coverage, together with our self-insurance accruals, will be adequate to cover
future claims. A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results.

A substantial portion of our revenue is concentrated in certain significant client contracts. Our
failure to execute on, or other issues arising under, the contracts could adversely affect our
financial results. Further, conditions or trends impacting certain of our key clients could result
in a negative impact on our financial performance. 

As described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 1 above, we have long
term contracts with WellPoint, Inc. WellPoint and the United States Department of Defense DoD ). Although none of our clients individually represented more than 10 of our revenues in
2009, our top 5 clients, including WellPoint and DoD, collectively represented 55.2 of our revenue
during 2010. If one or more of our large clients terminate or do not renew contracts for any
reason, our financial results could be materially adversely affected and we could experience a
negative reaction in the investment community resulting in stock price declines or other adverse
effects.

Under our current agreement we are providing pharmacy benefit services to WellPoint through
December 31, 2019. Our agreement with the DoD consists of an initial one-year contract and five
one-year renewal options, with the final option expiring on October 31, 2014.

In addition, if certain of our key clients are negatively impacted by business conditions or
other trends, or if such clients otherwise fail to successfully maintain or grow their business,
our business and financial results could be adversely impacted.

Our debt service obligations reduce the funds available for other business purposes, and the terms
and covenants relating to our indebtedness could adversely impact our financial performance and
liquidity .

As described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 7 below, we have 2.5
billion of senior notes senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2010 and a 750.0 million
revolving credit facility revolving credit facility ), none of which was outstanding at December
31, 2010. Our debt service obligations for the senior notes and the revolving credit facility
reduce the funds available for other business purposes. The senior notes require us to pay
interest semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 at a fixed rate of interest. The revolving
credit facility requires us to pay interest periodically at a variable rate of interest. Increases
in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness would increase

21 

Table of Contents 

our interest expense and could
materially adversely affect our financial results. As of December 31, 2010, we had no outstanding
indebtedness impacted by variable interest rates.

We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, such as the insufficiency of
cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations and the inability to refinance existing
indebtedness. In addition, the senior notes and revolving credit agreement contain covenants which
limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, and engage in
mergers, consolidations, or disposals. The covenants under the revolving credit facility also
include a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. If we fail to satisfy these
covenants, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and/or the senior notes
indentures, and may be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources or not be able
to draw down against our revolving credit facility. Under such circumstances, other sources of
capital may not be available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms. See Note 8 
Financing to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing
succession and retention for our Chief Executive Officer and other key executives is critical to
our success, and our failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our future performance. 

We believe that our ability to retain an experienced workforce and our ability to hire
additional qualified employees is essential to meet current and future goals and objectives. There
is no guarantee that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that competition among
potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. An inability to retain existing
employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business
operations and our financial results.

We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our Chief
Executive Officer, senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans in
place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that
the services of these executives will continue to be available to us.

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

There are no material unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC Staff 180
days or more before the end of our fiscal year relating to our periodic or current reports under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

22 

Table of Contents 

Item 2 Properties 

We operate our United States and Canadian PBM and EM segments out of leased and owned
facilities throughout the United States and Canada. The Company s main facilities used in
continuing operations are detailed in the table below.

PBM Facilities 
 
 EM Facilities 

St. Louis, Missouri (HQ, plus two facilities)

Lake Mary, Florida (two facilities) 

Maryland Heights, Missouri (five facilities)

Grove City, Ohio 

Tempe, Arizona (two facilities)

Byfield, Massachusetts 

Bloomington, Minnesota (two facilities)

Louisville, Kentucky 

Bensalem, Pennsylvania (two facilities)

Hunt Valley, Maryland 

Troy, New York 

Albuquerque, New Mexico 

Orlando, Florida (two facilities) 

Montreal, Quebec 

Mississauga, Ontario 

Toronto, Ontario 

Parsippany, New Jersey 

Swatara, Pennsylvania 

St. Marys, Georgia 

Pueblo, Colorado 

Brewster, New York 

Houston, Texas 

Omaha, Nebraska 

Pleasanton, California 

Oldsmar, Florida 

New Castle, Delaware 

Indianapolis, Indiana 

Mason, Ohio 

Ft. Worth, Texas 

Washington, DC 

Our St. Louis, Missouri facility houses our corporate headquarters offices. We believe our
facilities generally have been well maintained and are in good operating condition. As of January
1, 2011, our existing facilities from continuing operations comprise approximately 3.0 million
square feet in the aggregate.

In the fourth quarter of 2010, we announced our intent to cease fulfilling prescriptions from
our home delivery dispensing pharmacy in Bensalem, Pennsylvania, effective in the first quarter of
2011. We currently intend to maintain the location and all necessary permits and licenses to be
able to utilize the facility for business continuity planning purposes. However, our plans for the
facility are subject to change based on changes in the business environment. As a result of the
opening of our new Technology and Innovation Center in St. Louis, Missouri in 2010, we have
sufficient capacity to continue to meet the home delivery needs of our clients and members. We
also maintain a non-dispensing order processing facility in the Bensalem, Pennsylvania area, which
will remain operational.

In December 2010, we announced our intent to build a new office facility in St. Louis,
Missouri to consolidate our St. Louis presence onto our Headquarters campus. The facility is
scheduled to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2011, and we anticipate capital expenditures of
approximately 32.0 million and other costs of approximately 3.5 million related to this facility
in 2011.

23 

Table of Contents 

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 

We and/or our subsidiaries are defendants in a number of lawsuits. We cannot ascertain with
any certainty at this time the monetary damages or injunctive relief that any of the plaintiffs may
recover. We also cannot provide any assurance that the outcome of any of these matters, or some
number of them in the aggregate, will not be materially adverse to our financial condition,
consolidated results of operations, cash flows or business prospects. In addition, the expenses of
defending these cases may have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

These matters are:

Multi-District Litigation On April 29, 2005, the Judicial Panel on
Multi-District Litigation transferred a number of previously disclosed cases to the
Eastern District of Missouri for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings
including the following: Minshew v. Express Scripts (Case No.Civ.4:02-CV-1503,
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri) (filed December 12,
2001); Lynch v. National Prescription Administrators, et al. (Case No. 03 CV 1303,
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York) (filed February 26,
2003); Mixon v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Action No. 4:03CV1519, United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri) (filed October 23, 2003); Cameron
v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Action No. 4:03CV001520; United States District Court
of the Eastern District of Missouri) (filed October 23, 2003); Food Employers Labor
Relations Association and United Food and Commercial Workers Health and Welfare Fund
(Weiss) v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Action No. 4:06CV01612 for the United States
District Court Eastern District of Missouri)(filed November 6,
2006); United Food and
Commercial Workers Unions and Participating Employers Health and Welfare Fund (Lowthers)
(Civil Action No. 4:06CV01541 for the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Missouri) (filed October 20, 2006); United Food and Commercial Workers
Health and Welfare Fund of Northeastern Pennsylvania (Kessler) v. Express Scripts, Inc.
(Civil Action No. 4:06CV01526 for the United States District Court Eastern District of
Missouri) (filed October 17, 2006); Washington Wholesalers Health and Welfare Fund v.
Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Action No. 4:06CV01007 for the United States District
Court Eastern District of Missouri) (filed June 30, 2006); Local 888 Health Fund (Bruny)
v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Case No. 4:06CV01611 for the United States District
Court Eastern District of Missouri) (filed November 6, 2006); Wagner et al. v. Express
Scripts (Case No.04cv01018 (WHP), United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York) (filed December 31, 2003); Scheuerman, et al v. Express
Scripts (Case No.04-CV-0626 (FIS) (RFT), United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York) (filed April 27, 2004); Correction Officers Benevolent
Association of the City of New York, et al. v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Case
No.04-Civ-7098 (WHP), United States District Court for the Southern District of New York)
(filed August 5, 2004); United Food and Commercial Workers Unions and Employers
Midwest Health Benefits Fund, et al v. National Prescription Administrators, Inc., et
al. (Case No.04-CV-7472, United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York) (filed September 21, 2004); Central Laborers Welfare Fund, et al v. Express
Scripts, Inc., et al (Case No.B04-1002240, United States District Court for the
Southern District of Illinois) (filed September 27, 2004); 1978 Retired Construction
Workers Benefit Plan (Nagle) v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Action No. 4:06-CV01156
for the United States District Court Eastern District of Missouri) (filed August 1, 2006);
 Fulton Fish Market Welfare Fund (Circillo) v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Civil Action
No. 4:06-cv-01458 for United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri)
(filed October 3, 2006); Philadelphia Corporation for the Aging v. Benecard Services,
Inc., et al. (Civil Action No. 06CV2331 for the United States District Court Eastern
District of Pennsylvania) (filed June 2, 2006); New England Health Care Employees
Welfare Fund (Brown) v. Express Scripts, Inc. (Case No.4:05-cv-1081, United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri) (filed October 28, 2004); Local
153 Health Fund, et al. v. Express Scripts Inc. and ESI Mail Pharmacy Service, Inc. 
(Case No.B05-1004036, United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri)
(filed May 27, 2005); Fidelity Insurance Company, et al. v. Express Scripts, Inc., et
al. , (Case No. 4:03-CV-1521-HEA, United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Missouri) (filed March 20, 2003), and Brynien, et al. v. Express Scripts, Inc. and
ESI Mail Services, Inc. (Case No. 1:08-cv-323 (GLS/DRH), United States District Court
for the Northern District of New York) (filed February 18, 2008) was transferred in 2008.
The plaintiffs assert that certain of our business practices, including those relating to
our contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers for retrospective discounts on
pharmaceuticals and those related to our retail pharmacy network contracts, constitute
violations of various legal obligations including fiduciary duties under the Federal
Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), common law fiduciary duties, state common
law, state consumer protection statutes, breach of contract, and deceptive trade
practices. The putative classes consist of both ERISA and non-ERISA health benefit plans
as well as beneficiaries. The various complaints seek money damages and injunctive
relief. On July 30, 2008, the plaintiffs motion for class certification of certain of
the ERISA plans for which we were the PBM was denied by the Court in its entirety.
Additionally, the Company s motion for partial summary judgment in the Minshew and
 Brown cases on the issue of our ERISA fiduciary status was granted in part. The
Court found that the Company was not an ERISA fiduciary with respect to MAC 

24 

Table of Contents 

(generic drug) pricing, selecting the source for AWP (Average Wholesale Price) pricing, establishing
formularies and negotiating rebates, or interest earned on rebates before the payment of the contracted
client share. The Court, in partially granting plaintiffs motion for summary judgment,
found that the Company was an ERISA fiduciary only with respect to the calculation of
certain amounts due to clients under a therapeutic substitution program that is no longer in
effect. On December 18, 2009, ESI filed a motion for partial summary judgment on the
remaining ERISA claims and breach of contract claims on the cases brought against ESI on
behalf of ERISA plans. On February 16, 2010, in accordance with the schedule under the case
management order, plaintiffs in the Correction Officers and Lynch matters
filed a motion for summary judgment alleging that National Prescription Administrators (NPA)
was a fiduciary to the plaintiffs and breached its fiduciary duty. Plaintiffs also filed a
class certification motion on behalf of self-funded non-ERISA plans residing in New York,
New Jersey, and Pennsylvania for which NPA was the PBM and which used the NPASelect
Formulary from January 1, 1996 through April 13, 2002. On July 2, 2010, ESI filed a motion
for partial summary judgment as to certain non-ERISA claims being made in various cases. On
December 21, 2010, the Court granted in part and denied in part ESI s motion for partial
summary judgment pertaining to certain ERISA cases and granted plaintiffs leave to file
amended complaints, which were filed on January 21, 2011. On January 10, 2011, Central
Laborers , one of three purported class representatives among the NPA ERISA cases,
voluntarily dismissed all claims against ESI and NPA, with prejudice. On January 18, 2011,
plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration pertaining to the Court s December 21, 2010
Order. On January 28, 2011, NPA filed a cross motion for summary judgment seeking a ruling
that it was not a fiduciary under common law. Fidelity was set for trial on July
11, 2011. 

Jerry Beeman, et al. v. Caremark, et al. (Case No.021327, United States
District Court for the Central District of California). On December 12, 2002, a complaint
was filed against ESI and NextRX LLC f/k/a Anthem Prescription Management LLC and several
other pharmacy benefit management companies. The complaint, filed by several California
pharmacies as a putative class action, alleges rights to sue as a private attorney general
under California law. The complaint alleges that we, and the other defendants, failed to
comply with statutory obligations under California Civil Code Section 2527 to provide our
California clients with the results of a bi-annual survey of retail drug prices. On July
12, 2004, the case was dismissed with prejudice on the grounds that the plaintiffs lacked
standing to bring the action. On June 2, 2006, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit reversed the district court s opinion on standing and remanded the case to the
district court. The district court s denial of defendants motion to dismiss on first
amendment constitutionality grounds is currently on appeal to the Ninth Circuit.
Plaintiffs have filed a motion for class certification, but that motion has not been
briefed pending the outcome of the appeal. The Ninth Circuit scheduled oral argument on
March 8, 2011. 

North Jackson Pharmacy, Inc., et al. v. Express Scripts (Civil Action No.
CV-03-B-2696-NE, United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama) (filed
October 1, 2003). This case purports to be a class action against us on behalf of
independent pharmacies within the United States. The complaint alleges that certain of
our business practices violate the Sherman Antitrust Act, 15 U.S.C 1, et. seq. The suit
seeks unspecified monetary damages (including treble damages) and injunctive relief.
Plaintiffs motion for class certification was granted on March 3, 2006. A motion filed
by the plaintiffs in an antitrust matter against Medco and Merck in the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania before the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation requesting transfer
of this case and others to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for MDL treatment was
granted on August 24, 2006. We filed a motion to decertify the class on January 16, 2007,
and it has been fully briefed and argued. We are awaiting the Court s decision on such
motion. 

Gary Miller Derivatively on behalf of nominal Defendant, Express Scripts, Inc. v.
Stuart Bascomb, et al (Case No.042-08632, Missouri Circuit Court, City of St. Louis)
(filed October 22, 2004). Judith Deserio, Derivatively on behalf of Nominal
Defendant, Express Scripts, Inc. v. Stuart L. Bascomb, et al (filed December 22, 2004)
was consolidated with Miller . Plaintiffs have filed shareholder derivative
lawsuits against certain of our current and former directors and officers. The cases make
various allegations including that the defendants caused us to issue false and misleading
statements, insider selling, breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, gross
mismanagement, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment. Plaintiffs demand
unspecified compensatory damages, equitable relief and attorney s fees.
On February 14, 2011, ESI filed a motion to dismiss that is set for
oral argument on March 9, 2011. 

Irwin v. WellPoint Health Networks, et. al. (Judicial Arbitration and Mediation
Services). On March 25, 2003, Plaintiff filed a complaint in California state court
against WellPoint Health Networks and certain related entities, including one of the
acquired NextRX subsidiaries (collectively WellPoint ), Express Scripts, and other PBMs
alleging his right to sue under California s Unfair Competition Law (UCL). This case
purported to be a class action against the PBM defendants on behalf of self-funded,
non-ERISA health plans; and individuals with no prescription drug benefits that have
purchased drugs at retail rates. On May 6, 2004, WellPoint invoked an arbitration clause
and the case against WellPoint was stayed and sent to arbitration. On February 24, 2006, 

25 

Table of Contents 

Plaintiff served an arbitration demand against WellPoint alleging that numerous WellPoint
business practices violated the UCL and making claims on behalf of California residents
who paid taxes, California residents who were beneficiaries of non-ERISA health plans, and California residents who obtained
prescription benefits from non-ERISA health plans. On October 11, 2006, WellPoint filed its
response to the arbitration demand, but nothing further has occurred since then. Plaintiff
filed a motion to dismiss the original court action against ESI on September 18, 2008, so
ESI is no longer a party to this suit. 

In addition to the foregoing matters, in the ordinary course of our business there have arisen
various legal proceedings, investigations or claims now pending against us or our subsidiaries.
The effect of these actions on future financial results is not subject to reasonable estimation
because considerable uncertainty exists about the outcomes. Where insurance coverage is not
available for such claims, or in our judgment, is not cost-effective, we maintain self-insurance
accruals to reduce our exposure to future legal costs, settlements and judgments related to
uninsured claims. Our self-insured accruals are based upon estimates of the aggregate liability
for the costs of uninsured claims incurred and the retained portion of insured claims using certain
actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and our historical experience. It is not
possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these claims, and we can give no assurance that
any losses in excess of our insurance and any self-insurance accruals will not be material.

26 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities " -->

Item 5 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

Market Information. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol ESRX. The high and low prices, as reported by the Nasdaq, are set forth below
for the periods indicated. These prices have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split
effective June 8, 2010.

Fiscal Year 2010 

Fiscal Year 2009 

Common Stock 
 
 High 

Low 

High 

Low 

First Quarter

51.62 

41.38 

29.82 

21.38 

Second Quarter

54.00 

37.75 

34.71 

22.53 

Third Quarter

49.69 

41.55 

39.91 

31.80 

Fourth Quarter

55.68 

47.23 

44.94 

37.50 

Holders. As of December 31, 2010, there were 319 stockholders of record of our common stock.
We estimate there are approximately 308,826 beneficial owners of our common stock.

Dividends. The Board of Directors has not declared any cash dividends on our common stock
since our initial public offering. The Board of Directors does not currently intend to declare any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The terms of our existing credit facility contain
certain restrictions on our ability to declare or pay cash dividends, as discussed in Item 7 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity
and Capital Resources Bank Credit Facility .

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None.

27 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The following is a summary of our stock repurchasing activity during the three months ended
December 31, 2010 (share data in millions):

Total number of 

shares purchased 

Maximum number of 

as part of a 

shares 

Total number of 

Average 

publicly 

that may yet be 

shares 

price paid 

announced 

purchased under 

Period 
 
 purchased 

per share 

program 

the program 

10/1/2010 10/31/2010

15.1 

11/1/2010 11/30/2010

15.1 

12/1/2010 12/31/2010

15.1 

Fourth quarter 2010 total

We have a stock repurchase program, originally announced on October 25, 1996. Treasury shares
are carried at first in, first out cost. There is no limit on the duration of the program. During
the year ended December 31, 2010, we repurchased 26.9 million treasury shares for 1,276.2 million.
As of December 31, 2010, there are 15.1 million shares remaining under this program. Additional
share repurchases, if any, will be made in such amounts and at such times as we deem appropriate
based upon prevailing market and business conditions and other factors.

28 

Table of Contents 

Item 6 Selected Financial Data 

The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements, including the related notes, and Item 7 Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Results for the years ended December
31, 2009, 2008, 2007 and 2006 have been adjusted for the discontinued operations of PMG.

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 2010 

2009 (1) 

2008 (2) 

2007 (3) 

2006 

Statement of Operations Data (for the Year Ended December 31): 

Revenues (4) 

44,973.2 

24,722.3 

21,941.2 

21,788.9 

21,532.1 

Cost of revenues (4) 

42,015.0 

22,298.3 

19,910.6 

20,039.2 

20,071.8 

Gross profit

2,958.2 

2,424.0 

2,030.6 

1,749.7 

1,460.3 

Selling, general and administrative

887.3 

926.5 

756.3 

693.4 

638.4 

Operating income

2,070.9 

1,497.5 

1,274.3 

1,056.3 

821.9 

Other expense, net

(162.2) 

(189.1) 

(66.9) 

(116.1) 

(83.6) 

Income before income taxes

1,908.7 

1,308.4 

1,207.4 

940.2 

738.3 

Provision for income taxes

704.1 

481.8 

431.5 

342.2 

265.2 

Net income from continuing operations

1,204.6 

826.6 

775.9 

598.0 

473.1 

Net (loss) income from discontinued
operations, net of tax (5) 

(23.4) 

1.0 

0.2 

(30.2) 

1.3 

Net income

1,181.2 

827.6 

776.1 

567.8 

474.4 

Weighted average shares outstanding: (6) 

Basic:

538.5 

527.0 

497.8 

520.8 

559.2 

Diluted:

544.0 

532.2 

503.6 

528.0 

568.0 

Basic earnings (loss) per share: (6) 

Continuing operations

2.24 

1.57 

1.56 

1.15 

0.85 

Discontinued operations (5) 

(0.04) 

(0.06) 

Net earnings

2.19 

1.57 

1.56 

1.09 

0.85 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share: (6) 

Continuing operations

2.21 

1.55 

1.54 

1.13 

0.83 

Discontinued operations (5) 

(0.04) 

(0.06) 

Net earnings

2.17 

1.56 

1.54 

1.08 

0.84 

Balance Sheet Data (as of December 31): 

Cash and cash equivalents

523.7 

1,070.4 

530.7 

434.7 

131.0 

Working capital

(975.9) 

(1,313.3) 

(677.9) 

(507.2) 

(657.3) 

Total assets

10,557.8 

11,931.2 

5,509.2 

5,256.4 

5,108.1 

Debt:

Short-term debt

0.1 

1,340.1 

420.0 

260.1 

180.1 

Long-term debt

2,493.7 

2,492.5 

1,340.3 

1,760.3 

1,270.4 

Stockholders equity

3,606.6 

3,551.8 

1,078.2 

696.4 

1,124.9 

Network pharmacy claims processed (7) 

602.0 

404.3 

379.6 

379.9 

390.3 

Home delivery, specialty pharmacy, and other
prescriptions filled (8) 

54.1 

45.0 

45.1 

45.5 

46.9 

Total claims

656.1 

449.3 

424.7 

425.4 

437.2 

Total adjusted claims (9) 

753.9 

530.6 

506.3 

507.0 

519.6 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 
continuing operations

2,105.1 

1,752.0 

1,091.1 

841.4 

665.7 

Cash flows used in investing activities 
continuing operations

(145.1) 

(4,820.5) 

(318.6) 

(52.6) 

(98.3) 

Cash flows (used in) provided by
financing activities continuing operations

(2,523.0) 

3,587.0 

(680.4) 

(469.7) 

(904.7) 

EBITDA from continuing operations (10) 

2,315.6 

1,604.2 

1,368.4 

1,150.5 

918.5 

(1) 
 
 Includes the acquisition of NextRx effective December 1, 2009. 

(2) 
 
 Includes the acquisition of MSC effective July 22, 2008. 

29 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 
 Includes the acquisition of CYC effective October 10, 2007. 

(4) 
 
 Includes retail pharmacy co-payments of 6,181.4, 3,132.1, 3,153.6, 3,554.5, and 4,012.7
for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. We changed
our accounting policy for member co-payments during the third quarter of 2008 to include
member co-payments to retail pharmacies in revenue and cost of revenue. The table reflects
the change in our accounting policy for all periods presented. 

(5) 
 
 Primarily consists of the results of operations from the discontinued operations of PMG and
Infusion Pharmacy IP ), which were classified as a discontinued operation in the second
quarter of 2010 and the fourth quarter of 2007, respectively. 

(6) 
 
 Earnings per share and weighted average shares outstanding have been restated to reflect the
two-for-one stock splits effective June 8, 2010 and June 22, 2007, respectively. 

(7) 
 
 Excluded from the network claims are manual claims and drug formulary only claims where we
only administer the client s formulary. 

(8) 
 
 These claims include home delivery, specialty and other claims including: (a) drugs
distributed through patient assistance programs (b) drugs we distribute to other PBMs clients
under limited distribution contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers and (c) Emerging Market
claims. 

(9) 
 
 Total adjusted claims reflect home delivery claims multiplied by 3, as home delivery claims
typically cover a time period 3 times longer than retail claims. 

(10) 
 
 EBITDA from continuing operations is earnings before other income (expense), interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, or alternatively calculated as operating income plus
depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is presented because it is a widely accepted indicator
of a company s ability to service indebtedness and is frequently used to evaluate a company s
performance. EBITDA, however, should not be considered as an alternative to net income, as a
measure of operating performance, as an alternative to cash flow, as a measure of liquidity or
as a substitute for any other measure computed in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. In addition, our definition and calculation of
EBITDA may not be comparable to that used by other companies. 

We have provided below a reconciliation of EBITDA from continuing operations to net
income as we believe it is the most directly comparable measure calculated under accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States:

EBITDA from continuing operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions, except per claim data) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Net income from continuing operations

1,204.6 

826.6 

775.9 

598.0 

473.1 

Income taxes

704.1 

481.8 

431.5 

342.2 

265.2 

Depreciation and amortization

244.7 

106.7 

94.1 

94.2 

96.6 

Interest expense, net

162.2 

189.1 

64.6 

96.2 

82.0 

Undistributed loss from joint venture

0.3 

1.3 

1.6 

Non-operating charges, net

2.0 

18.6 

EBITDA from continuing operations

2,315.6 

1,604.2 

1,368.4 

1,150.5 

918.5 

Adjustments to EBITDA from continuing operations 

Integration-related costs

122.6 

7.5 

Benefit related to client contract amendment

(30.0) 

Acquisition-related transaction costs

61.1 

Legal settlement

35.0 

6.0 

Benefit from insurance recovery

(15.0) 

Bad debt charges in specialty distribution line
of business

21.5 

Inventory charges in specialty distribution
line of business

9.1 

Settlement of contractual item with supply
chain vendor

(9.0) 

Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations

2,408.2 

1,692.8 

1,368.4 

1,178.1 

918.5 

Adjusted EBITDA per adjusted claim (1) 

3.19 

3.19 

2.70 

2.32 

1.77 

(1) 
 
 We calculate and use adjusted EBITDA per adjusted claim as an indicator of our ability to
generate cash from our reported operating results. This measurement is used in concert with
net income and cash flows from operations, which measure actual cash generated in the period.
In addition, EBITDA per adjusted claim is a supplemental measurement used by analysts and
investors to help evaluate overall operating performance and our ability to incur and service
debt and make capital expenditures. We have calculated adjusted EBITDA excluding certain
charges recorded each year, as these charges are not considered an indicator of ongoing
company performance. Adjusted EBITDA per adjusted claim is calculated by dividing
adjusted EBITDA by the adjusted claim volume for the period. This measure is used as an
indicator of EBITDA performance on a per-unit basis, providing insight into the
cash-generating potential of each claim. Adjusted EBITDA, and as a result, EBITDA per adjusted
claim, are affected by the changes in claim volumes between retail and mail-order, the
relative representation of brand-name, generic and specialty pharmacy drugs, as well as the
level of efficiency in the business. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

OVERVIEW 

As one of the largest full-service pharmacy benefit management PBM companies in North
America, we provide healthcare management and administration services on behalf of our clients,
which include health maintenance organizations, health insurers, third-party administrators,
employers, union-sponsored benefit plans, workers compensation plans, and government health
programs. We report segments on the basis of services offered and have determined we have two
reportable segments: PBM and Emerging Markets EM ). Our integrated PBM services include network
claims processing, home delivery services, patient care and direct specialty home delivery to
patients, benefit plan design consultation, drug utilization review, formulary management, drug
data analysis services, distribution of injectable drugs to patient homes and physician offices,
bio-pharma services, and fulfillment of prescriptions to low-income patients through
manufacturer-sponsored patient assistance programs.

Through our EM segment, we provide services including distribution of pharmaceuticals and
medical supplies to providers and clinics, fertility services to providers and patients, and
healthcare administration and implementation of consumer-directed healthcare solutions.

Revenue generated by our segments can be classified as either tangible product revenue or
service revenue. We earn tangible product revenue from the sale of prescription drugs by retail
pharmacies in our retail pharmacy networks and from dispensing prescription drugs from our home
delivery and specialty pharmacies. Service revenue includes administrative fees associated with
the administration of retail pharmacy networks contracted by certain clients, medication counseling
services, and certain specialty distribution services. Tangible product revenue generated by our
PBM and EM segments represented 99.4 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared
to 98.9 and 98.8 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

During 2010, we completed the migration of member lives acquired with the NextRx PBM Business
onto our existing systems, and substantially completed other aspects of the integration, including
rationalization of our operational footprint and achievement of anticipated synergies. We expect
to complete the integration in the first quarter of 2011, and anticipate additional synergies as
our efforts to reduce costs, increase generic and mail-order utilization for legacy NextRx clients,
and achieve supply chain efficiencies continue to produce savings for our clients and positive
financial results for us.

During 2010, our integration efforts included an assessment of our operational footprint,
including geographical and capacity considerations. As a result of this assessment, we announced
our intent to cease fulfilling prescriptions from our home delivery dispensing pharmacy in
Bensalem, Pennsylvania, effective in the first quarter of 2011. We currently intend to maintain
the location and all necessary permits and licenses to be able to utilize the facility for business
continuity planning purposes. However, our plans for the facility are subject to change based on
changes in the business environment. As a result of the opening of the Technology and Innovation
Center in 2010, we have sufficient capacity to continue to meet the home delivery needs of our
clients and members. We also maintain a non-dispensing order processing facility in the Bensalem,
Pennsylvania area, which will remain operational. Severance and other costs incurred in connection
with this closure during 2010 are considered integration-related costs.

In the second quarter of 2010, we opened a new state of the art pharmacy fulfillment facility
in St. Louis, Missouri. This new Technology and Innovation Center features cutting-edge pharmacy
automation for the dispensing, packaging and shipment of approximately 110,000 prescriptions per
day. We believe this increase in capacity enhances our ability to serve members and allows for
future growth of home delivery services. In addition to pharmacy capabilities, the Technology and
Innovation Center features a Research and New Solutions laboratory which will enhance our ability
to analyze and monitor data in near real-time.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND TREND FACTORS AFFECTING THE BUSINESS 

Our results in 2010 reflect the successful execution of our business model, which emphasizes
the alignment of our financial interests with those of our clients through greater use of generics
and low-cost brands, home delivery and specialty pharmacy. In 2010, our long-term contracts with
WellPoint, Inc. WellPoint and the Department of Defense DoD drove a significant portion of
our growth. We also benefited from better management of ingredient costs through actions such as
renegotiation of supplier contracts, increased competition among generic manufacturers, higher
generic utilization (71.6 in 2010 compared to 68.3 in 2009) and other actions which helped to
reduce ingredient costs. In addition,

31 

Table of Contents 

through the research performed by us and guided by our
Consumerology Advisory Board, we are providing our clients with additional tools designed to generate higher generic fill rates, further increase the use
of our home delivery and specialty pharmacy services and drive greater adherence.

The positive trends we saw in 2010, including lower drug purchasing costs and increased
generic usage, are expected to continue to offset the negative impact of various marketplace forces
affecting pricing and plan structure, among other factors, and thus continue to generate
improvements in our results of operations in the future. Additionally, as the regulatory
environment evolves, we will continue to make significant investments designed to keep us ahead of
the competition. These projects include preparation for HIPAA changes, Medicare regulations and
the Health Reform Laws.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions which affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates and
assumptions are based upon a combination of historical information and various other assumptions
believed to be reasonable under the particular circumstances. Actual results may differ from our
estimates. Certain of the accounting policies which most impact our consolidated financial
statements and that require our management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments are
described below. This should be read in conjunction with Note 1, Summary of significant accounting
policies and with the other notes to the consolidated financial statements.

GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

ACCOUNTING POLICY 

Goodwill and intangible asset balances arise primarily from the allocation of the purchase
price of businesses acquired based on the fair market value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed on the date of the acquisition. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or when
events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. In addition, we evaluate
whether events or circumstances have occurred that may indicate an impairment in goodwill. We
determine reporting units based on component parts of our business one level below the segment
level. Our reporting units represent businesses for which discrete financial information is
available and reviewed regularly by segment management. The measurement of possible impairment is
based on a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to the carrying value of the
reporting unit s assets. Impairment losses, if any, would be determined based on the fair value of
the individual assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, using discount rates that reflect the
inherent risk of the underlying business. We would record an impairment charge to the extent the
carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill resulting from this
calculation. This valuation process involves assumptions based upon management s best estimates and
judgments that approximate the market conditions experienced for our reporting units at the time
the impairment assessment is made. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, earnings and
cash flow projections, discount rate and peer company comparability. Actual results may differ
from these estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in such estimates. No impairment
existed for any of our reporting units at December 31, 2010 or 2009.

Other intangible assets include, but are not limited to, customer contracts and relationships,
non-compete agreements, deferred financing fees and trade names. Other intangible assets,
excluding customer contracts, customer relationships and trade names, are recorded at cost.
Customer contracts and relationships are valued at fair market value when acquired using the income
method. Customer contracts and relationships related to the 10-year contract with WellPoint under
which we provide pharmacy benefit management services to WellPoint and its designated affiliates
(the PBM agreement are being amortized using a modified pattern of benefit method over an
estimated useful life of 15 years. All other intangible assets, excluding trade names which have
an indefinite life, are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the pattern of
benefit, over periods from 3 to 20 years (see Note 7 Goodwill and other intangibles).

In connection with the discontinued operations of our Phoenix Marketing Group line of business PMG and pursuant to our policies for assessing impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets,
approximately 22.1 million of goodwill was written off in the second quarter of 2010 along with
intangible assets with a net book value of 1.7 million (gross carrying value of 5.7 million net
of accumulated amortization of 4.0 million), consisting of trade names and customer relationships.

FACTORS AFFECTING ESTIMATE 

The fair values of reporting units, asset groups, or acquired businesses are measured based on
market prices, when available. When market prices are not available, we estimate fair value using
the income approach and/or the market

32 

Table of Contents 

approach. The income approach uses cash flow projections
which require inputs and assumptions that reflect current market conditions as well as management judgment. We base our fair values on projected
financial information which we believe to be reasonable. However, actual results may differ from
those projections, and those differences may be material.

The key assumptions included in our income approach include, but are not limited to, earnings
growth rates, discount rates and inflation rates. Assessment of these factors could be impacted by
internal factors and/or external economic conditions. We performed various sensitivity analyses on
the key assumptions which did not indicate any potential impairment.

CONTRACTUAL GUARANTEES 

ACCOUNTING POLICY 

Many of our contracts contain terms whereby we make certain financial and performance
guarantees, including the minimum level of discounts or rebates a client may receive, generic
utilization rates, and various service guarantees. These clients may be entitled to performance
penalties if we fail to meet a financial or service guarantee. Actual performance is compared to
the guarantee for each measure throughout the period, and accruals are recorded if we determine
that our performance against the guarantee indicates a potential liability. These estimates are
adjusted to actual when the guarantee period ends, and we have either met the guaranteed rate or
paid amounts to clients.

FACTORS AFFECTING ESTIMATE 

The factors that could impact our estimates of guarantee expense and guarantees payable are as
follows:

differences between the rates guaranteed by us to clients and rates contracted by
us with pharmacies in our retail networks or with pharmaceutical manufacturers for
drugs dispensed from our mail order pharmacies 

changes in drug utilization patterns, including the mix of brand and generic drugs
as well as utilization of our home delivery pharmacy 

Historically, adjustments to our original estimates have been immaterial.

ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS 

ACCOUNTING POLICY 

We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to estimated uncollectible receivables.
This estimate is based on the current status of each customer s receivable balance.

FACTORS AFFECTING ESTIMATE 

We record allowances for doubtful accounts based on a variety of factors including the length
of time the receivables are past due, the financial health of the customer and historical
experience. Our estimate could be impacted by changes in economic and market conditions as well as
changes to our customers financial condition.

SELF-INSURANCE ACCRUALS 

ACCOUNTING POLICY 

We record self-insurance accruals based upon estimates of the aggregate liability of claim
costs in excess of our insurance coverage which are probable and estimable. Accruals are estimated
using certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and our historical
experience. The majority of these claims are legal claims and our liability estimate is primarily
related to the cost to defend these claims. We do not accrue for settlements, judgments, monetary
fines or penalties until such amounts are probable and estimable. Under authoritative Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB guidance, if the range of possible loss is broad, and no amount
within the range is more likely than any other, the liability accrual is based on the lower end of
the range.

FACTORS AFFECTING ESTIMATE 

Self-insurance accruals are based on management s estimates of the costs to defend legal
claims. We do not have significant experience with certain of these types of cases. As such,
differences between actual costs and management s estimates could be significant. Actuaries do not
have a significant history with the PBM industry. Therefore, changes to assumptions used in the
development of these accruals can affect net income in a given period. In addition, changes in the
legal environment and the number and nature of claims could impact our estimate. The
self-insurance accruals and changes in those estimates have not been material to the financial
statements for the periods presented herein.

33 

Table of Contents 

REBATE ACCOUNTING 

ACCOUNTING POLICY 

We administer a rebate program through which we receive rebates and administrative fees from
pharmaceutical manufacturers. The portion of rebates payable to clients is estimated based on
historical and/or anticipated sharing percentages. These estimates are adjusted to actual when
amounts are paid to clients.

FACTORS AFFECTING ESTIMATE 

The factors that could impact our estimates of rebates, rebates receivable and rebates payable
are as follows:

differences between estimated allocation percentages and actual rebate allocation
percentages 

drug patent expirations 

changes in drug utilization patterns 

Historically, adjustments to our original estimates have been immaterial.

OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

We consider the following information about revenue recognition policies important for an
understanding of our results of operations:

Revenues from dispensing prescriptions from our home delivery and specialty pharmacies
are recorded when prescriptions are shipped. These revenues include the co-payment
received from members of the health plans we serve. At the time of shipment, we have
performed substantially all of our obligations under the customer contracts and do not
experience a significant level of reshipments. 

Revenues from the sale of prescription drugs by retail pharmacies are recognized when
the claim is processed. When we independently have a contractual obligation to pay our
network pharmacy providers for benefits provided to our clients members, we act as a
principal in the arrangement and we include the total prescription price (ingredient cost
plus dispensing fee) we have contracted with these clients as revenue, including member
co-payments to pharmacies. 

When we merely administer a client s network pharmacy contracts to which we are not a
party and under which we do not assume credit risk, we earn an administrative fee for
collecting payments from the client and remitting the corresponding amount to the
pharmacies in the client s network. In these transactions, drug ingredient cost is not
included in our revenues or in our cost of revenues. 

Gross rebates and administrative fees earned for the administration of our rebate
programs, performed in conjunction with claim processing services provided to clients, are
recorded as a reduction of cost of revenue and the portion of the rebate payable to
customers is treated as a reduction of revenue. 

When we earn rebates and administrative fees in conjunction with formulary management
services, but do not process the underlying claims, we record rebates received from
manufacturers, net of the portion payable to customers, in revenue. 

We distribute pharmaceuticals in connection with our management of patient assistance
programs and earn a fee from the manufacturer for administrative and pharmacy services for
the delivery of certain drugs free of charge to doctors for their low income patients. 

We earn a fee for the distribution of consigned pharmaceuticals requiring special
handling or packaging where we have been selected by the pharmaceutical manufacturer as
part of a limited distribution network. 

Discounts and contractual allowances related to our specialty revenues are estimated
based on historical collections over a recent period for the sales that are recorded at
gross amounts. The percentage is applied to the applicable accounts receivable balance
that contains gross amounts for each period. Any differences between the estimates and
actual collections are reflected in operations in the year payment is received.
Differences may result in the amount and timing of revenues for any period if actual
performance varies from estimates. Allowances for returns are estimated based on
historical return trends. The discounts, contractual allowances, allowances for returns
and any differences between estimates and actual amounts do not have a material effect on
our consolidated financial statements. 

EM product revenues include revenues earned through the distribution of pharmaceuticals
and medical supplies to providers and clinics and fertility services to providers and
patients. 

EM service revenues include revenues earned through product support to pharmaceutical
manufacturers and medical device companies, revenues derived from our group purchasing
organization, and healthcare administration and implementation of consumer-directed
healthcare solutions. 

34 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We maintain a PBM segment, consisting of our domestic and Canadian PBM operations, and
specialty pharmacy operations, and an EM segment, which consists of distribution of pharmaceuticals
and medical supplies to providers and clinics, fertility services to providers and patients, and
healthcare administration and implementation of consumer-directed healthcare solutions.

PBM OPERATING INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 (1) 

2008 (2) 

Product revenues

Network revenues (3) 

30,147.8 

15,019.3 

13,039.9 

Home delivery and specialty
revenues (4) 

13,199.2 

8,182.9 

7,280.6 

Service revenues

260.9 

264.7 

250.4 

Total PBM revenues

43,607.9 

23,466.9 

20,570.9 

Cost of PBM revenues (3) 

40,701.1 

21,094.2 

18,595.1 

PBM gross profit

2,906.8 

2,372.7 

1,975.8 

PBM SG A expenses

852.4 

888.8 

708.7 

PBM operating income

2,054.4 

1,483.9 

1,267.1 

Network

602.0 

404.3 

379.6 

Home delivery and specialty (4) 

53.7 

44.6 

44.7 

Total PBM claims

655.7 

448.9 

424.3 

Total adjusted PBM claims (5) 

753.5 

530.3 

505.9 

(1) 
 
 Includes the acquisition of NextRx effective December 1, 2009. 

(2) 
 
 Includes the acquisition of MSC effective July 22, 2008. 

(3) 
 
 Includes retail pharmacy co-payments of 6,181.4, 3,132.1, and 3,153.6 for the years
ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. 

(4) 
 
 Includes home delivery, specialty and other including: (a) drugs distributed through
patient assistance programs and (b) drugs we distribute to other PBMs clients under
limited distribution contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers. 

(5) 
 
 Total adjusted claims reflect home delivery claims multiplied by 3, as home delivery
claims typically cover a time period 3 times longer than retail claims. 

PBM RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010 vs. 2009 

Network revenues increased 15,128.5 million, or 100.7 , in 2010 over 2009. Home delivery and
specialty revenues increased 5,016.3 million, or 61.3 , in 2010 over 2009. Approximately
 19,613.9 million of the total product revenue increase is due to the increase in volume primarily
due to the acquisition of NextRx in December 2009 and the new contract with the DoD in November
2009. The new contract with the DoD results in utilization of the gross basis of accounting, under
which the ingredient cost and member co-payments are included in revenues and cost of revenues.
Additionally included as revenue is 30.0 million recorded in the second quarter of 2010 related to
the amendment of a client contract which relieved us of certain contractual guarantees. These
increases were partially offset by the impact of higher generic penetration. As our generic
penetration rate increased to 72.7 of network claims and 60.2 of home delivery claims in 2010
compared to 69.6 and 57.7 , respectively, in 2009, our revenues correspondingly decreased.

The home delivery generic fill rate is lower than the retail generic fill rate as fewer
generic substitutions are available among maintenance medications (e.g., therapies for chronic
conditions) commonly dispensed from home delivery pharmacies compared to acute medications which
are primarily dispensed by pharmacies in our retail networks.

Cost of PBM revenues increased 19,606.9 million, or 92.9 , in 2010 when compared to the same
period of 2009 due to the NextRx acquisition and the new contract with DoD, as previously
discussed.

PBM gross profit increased 534.1 million, or 22.5 , in 2010 over 2009. Gross profit related
to the acquisition of NextRx as well as better management of ingredient costs and cost savings from
the increase in the aggregate generic fill rate were partially offset by margin pressures arising
from the current competitive environment and costs of 94.5 million incurred in 2010 related to the
integration of NextRx. Gross profit margin decreased to 6.7 in 2010 from 10.1 in 2009.

35 

Table of Contents 

This is primarily due to the new contract with the DoD, which is accounted for on a gross
basis, as well as the acquisition of NextRx. However, we expect margins to improve as we fully
integrate NextRx into our core business and achieve synergies.

Selling, general and administrative expense SG A for the PBM segment decreased 36.4
million, or 4.1 , in 2010 over 2009 primarily as a result of the following factors:

Transaction costs of 61.1 million related to the NextRx acquisition incurred in 2009; 

Expenses of 35.0 million relating to an accrual for the settlement of a legal matter
recorded in the third quarter of 2009; and 

A decrease in bad debt expense of 19.0 million due primarily to improved processes in
our specialty pharmacy line of business in the collection of receivables. As a percent
of accounts receivable, our allowance for doubtful accounts for continuing operations was
3.8 and 3.7 at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

These decreases were partially offset by increases in employee compensation due to
growth mostly as a result of the acquisition of NextRx; 

Integration costs of 28.1 million incurred in 2010 related to the acquisition of
NextRx; 

Increases in depreciation and amortization of 17.8 million related to the customer
contracts acquired with NextRx, capitalized software and equipment purchased for our
Technology and Innovation Center; and 

A benefit of 15.0 million in the second quarter of 2009 related to an insurance
recovery for previously incurred litigation costs. 

PBM operating income increased 570.5 million, or 38.4 , in 2010 over 2009, based on the
various factors described above.

PBM RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 vs. 2008 

Network revenues increased 1,979.4 million, or 15.2 , in 2009 over 2008. Approximately
 1,097.6 million of the increase in revenue was due to the NextRx acquisition in December 2009. In
addition, approximately 864.4 million was due to the new contract with the DoD effective in
November 2009, which changed our method of accounting for revenues under the contract to a gross
basis. The increase was partially offset by changes in mix of generic versus brand claims. As our
generic penetration rate increased to 69.6 of network claims compared to 67.3 in 2008, our
revenues correspondingly decreased.

Of the 902.3 million, or 12.4 , increase in home delivery and specialty revenues in 2009 from
2008, approximately 363.3 million is due to the new contract with the DoD effective in November
2009 and approximately 258.7 million is due to the acquisition of NextRx in December 2009 in
addition to price inflation. The increase was partially offset by the impact of higher generic
penetration for home delivery. Our generic penetration rate increased to 57.7 of total home
delivery claims in 2009 as compared to 56.6 in 2008.

Cost of PBM revenues increased 2,499.1 million, or 13.4 , in 2009 when compared to the same
period of 2008 due to the NextRx acquisition and the new contract with DoD.

PBM gross profit increased 396.9 million, or 20.1 , in 2009 over 2008. This is mainly due to
higher retail claims volume, cost savings from the increase in the aggregate generic fill rate and
better management of ingredient costs partially offset by margin pressures arising from ingredient
cost inflation and the current competitive environment as well as costs of 7.5 million incurred in
2009 related to the integration of NextRx.

SG A for the PBM segment increased 180.1 million, or 25.4 , in 2009 over 2008 primarily as a
result of the following factors:

Investments of 61.9 million to improve technological infrastructure which enhances
product and service capabilities, along with other strategic initiatives; 

Transaction costs of 61.1 million related to the NextRx acquisition; 

Expenses of 35.0 million relating to the settlement of a legal matter in the third
quarter of 2009; and 

Increases in employee compensation of 30.5 million due to growth and incentives tied
to corporate financial results, in addition to the effect of inflation. 

These increases were partially offset by a 15.0 million benefit in the second quarter
of 2009 related to an insurance recovery for previously incurred litigation costs; and 

A charge related to internally developed software in the third quarter of 2008. 

36 

Table of Contents 

PBM operating income increased 216.8 million, or 17.1 , in 2009 over 2008, based on the
various factors described above.

EM OPERATING INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 (1) 

2008 (1) 

Product revenues

1,352.9 

1,243.0 

1,357.2 

Service revenues

12.4 

12.4 

13.1 

Total EM revenues

1,365.3 

1,255.4 

1,370.3 

Cost of EM revenues

1,313.9 

1,204.1 

1,315.5 

EM gross profit

51.4 

51.3 

54.8 

EM SG A expenses

34.9 

37.7 

47.6 

EM operating income

16.5 

13.6 

7.2 

(1) 
 
 Our EM results for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 have been adjusted
for the discontinued operations of PMG. 

EM RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010 vs. 2009 

EM operating income increased 2.9 million, or 21.3 , in 2010 over 2009. This increase is due
to an increase in volume in certain segments of our Specialty Distribution line of business,
partially offset by cost inflation. Additionally, efforts to control cost within our EM segment
resulted in a decrease in SG A.

EM RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 vs. 2008 

EM operating income increased 6.4 million, or 88.9 , in 2009 from 2008. This increase
resulted primarily from a decrease in SG A due to bad debt expense, severance charges, and site
closure costs incurred by the Specialty Distribution line of business in 2008. This increase was
partially offset by decreased volume in our Specialty Distribution line of business.

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET 

Net interest expense decreased 26.9 million, or 14.2 , in 2010 as compared to 2009 primarily
due to fees of 66.3 million we incurred in 2009 related to the termination of the bridge loan for
the financing of the NextRx acquisition, lower weighted average interest rate and lower debt
outstanding on our credit facility, partially offset by interest expense on the Senior Notes (see
 Liquidity and Capital Resources ). Net interest expense increased 124.5 million, or 192.7 , in
2009 as compared to 2008 primarily due to fees related to the termination of the bridge loan
discussed above, 2.1 million of interest expense related to the bridge loan and 86.8 million of
additional interest expense, financing fees and amortization we incurred for the debt issuance
completed in June 2009 to finance the acquisition of NextRx. This increase was offset by lower
interest rates and less debt outstanding on the Term loans.

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Our effective tax rate for continuing operations increased to 36.9 for the year ended
December 31, 2010, as compared to 36.8 and 35.7 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. Our 2010 and 2009 effective rates reflect an increase in certain state income tax
rates due to enacted law changes as well as the impact of our acquisition of NextRx. Our 2008
effective rate includes discrete tax adjustments resulting in a net tax benefit of 7.7 million
attributable to lapses in the applicable statutes of limitations, favorable audit resolutions, and
changes in our unrecognized tax benefits.

NET (LOSS) INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF TAX 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax, decreased 24.4 million from net income
of 1.0 million in 2009 to a net loss of 23.4 million in 2010. This decrease is primarily
attributable to the impairment charge of 28.2 million recorded in the second quarter of 2010 in
addition to the charges recorded upon the sale of PMG in the third quarter of 2010.

37 

Table of Contents 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax, increased 0.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2009 compared to the same period of 2008. This increase is primarily due to the
collection of IP outstanding accounts receivable which were fully reserved as well as a gain on the
disposition of IP assets. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in PMG operating
income due to volume.

NET INCOME AND EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Net income increased 353.6 million, or 42.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2010 over 2009
and increased 51.5 million, or 6.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2009 over 2008.

On May 5, 2010, we announced a two-for-one stock split for stockholders of record on May 21,
2010 effective June 8, 2010. The split was effected in the form of a dividend by issuance of one
additional share of common stock for each share of common stock outstanding. The earnings per share
and the weighted average number of shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share for
each period have been adjusted for the stock split.

Basic and diluted earnings per share increased 39.5 and 39.1 , respectively, for the year
ended December 31, 2010 over 2009. The increase is primarily due to operating results, as well as
the repurchase of 26.9 million treasury shares during 2010. The impact of the treasury share
repurchases is offset by an increase in shares outstanding as a result of the public offering in
June 2009 (see Note 10 Common stock). Basic and diluted earnings per share increased 0.6 and
1.3 , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2009 over 2008 primarily due to improved
operating results partially offset by an increase in shares outstanding as a result of the public
offering in June 2009 (see Note 10 Common stock).

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

OPERATING CASH FLOW AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 

In 2010, net cash provided by continuing operations increased 353.1 million to 2,105.1
million. Changes in operating cash flows from continuing operations in 2010 were impacted by the
following factors:

Net income from continuing operations increased 378.0 million in 2010 over 2009. 

Depreciation and amortization included in net income in 2010 is 138.0 million higher
than 2009 due primarily to amortization of the customer contracts related to the PBM
agreement with WellPoint. 

The deferred tax provision increased 58.9 million in 2010 compared to 2009 reflecting a
net change in taxable temporary differences primarily attributable to tax deductible
goodwill associated with the NextRx acquisition. 

These increases were partially offset by lower cash inflows from working capital.
Changes in working capital decreased 152.9 million from cash inflows of 628.9 million in
the year ended December 31, 2009 to 476.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2010. The
decrease was primarily related to net cash outflows for claims and rebates payable due to
payments to clients and pharmacies for obligations acquired with NextRx, partially offset
by collection of receivables from pharmaceutical manufacturers and clients due to the
acquisition of NextRx. 

Deferred financing fees in 2009 included a charge of 66.3 million related to the
termination of the bridge loan for the financing of the NextRx acquisition. 

In 2010, cash flows from discontinued operations decreased 7.2 million from cash provided of
 19.5 million in 2009 to cash provided of 12.3 million in 2010. This was primarily due to a
decrease in PMG net income and the 2009 collection of receivables as the IP balances wound down.

In 2009, net cash provided by continuing operations increased 660.9 million to 1,752.0
million. Changes in operating cash flows from continuing operations in 2009 were positively
impacted by the following factors:

Changes in working capital from continuing operations resulted in a cash inflow of
 628.9 million in 2009 compared to 96.4 million in 2008. These inflows were primarily
related to the collection of receivables from clients and pharmaceutical manufacturers
prior to December 31, 2009; however, the offsetting payments to pharmacies and clients were
not made until after year end in accordance with the terms of our client, pharmacy and
rebate contracts. Increases in inventory of 20.1 million for purchases at discounted
rates partially offset this cash inflow. 

Included in net income are non-cash charges of 106.7 million related to depreciation
and amortization, representing an increase of 12.6 million over 2009, as well as 66.3
million related to the write-off of deferred financing fees. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Net income from continuing operations increased 50.7 million in 2009 over 2008. 

The deferred tax provision from continuing operations increased 17.7 million 2009 over
2008 reflecting a net change in taxable temporary differences primarily attributable to tax
deductible goodwill. 

In 2009, cash flows from discontinued operations increased 7.6 million from cash provided of
 11.9 million in 2008 to cash provided of 19.5 million in 2009. This was primarily due to the
utilization of a tax benefit in the third quarter of 2009 and an increase in PMG working capital,
offset by a decrease in PMG net income and a decrease in accounts receivable due to the timing of
collections as the IP balances wound down.

As a percent of accounts receivable, our allowance for doubtful accounts for continuing
operations was 3.8 and 3.7 at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively.

In 2010, net cash used in investing activities decreased 4,676.5 million over 2009 primarily
due to the 2009 acquisition of the NextRx PBM Business. Capital expenditures decreased 27.6
million, or 18.7 , in 2010 as compared to 2009, and increased 63.7 million, or 76.0 , in 2009 as
compared to 2008. Construction began on our new high volume pharmacy fulfillment facility in St.
Louis, Missouri in the fourth quarter of 2009, and the facility opened in the second quarter of
2010. Capital expenditures related to this facility were 35.7 million in 2010 and 34.0 million
in 2009. We intend to continue to invest in infrastructure and technology, which we believe will
provide efficiencies in operations, facilitate growth and enhance the service we provide to our
clients. We expect future capital expenditures will be funded primarily from operating cash flow
or, to the extent necessary, with borrowings under our revolving credit facility, discussed below.

In December 2010, we announced our intent to build a new office facility in St. Louis,
Missouri to consolidate our St. Louis presence onto our Headquarters campus. The facility is
scheduled to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2011, and we anticipate capital expenditures of
approximately 32.0 million and other costs of approximately 3.5 million related to this facility
in 2011.

Net cash used in financing activities increased 6,110.0 million from cash provided of
 3,587.0 million in 2009 to cash used of 2,523.0 in 2010. During 2010, we repurchased 26.9
million treasury shares for 1,276.2 million. Additionally, we repaid in full our Term 1 and Term A
loans, resulting in total repayments on long term debt of 1,340.1 million during 2010 as compared
to 420.1 million for 2009. On June 9, 2009, we issued Senior Notes resulting in net proceeds of
 2,478.3 million which includes original issue discount of 8.4 million and financing costs of
 13.3 million. In addition, on June 10, 2009, we completed a public offering of 52.9 million shares
of common stock which resulted in net proceeds of 1,569.1 million after giving effect to the
underwriting discount and issuance costs of 44.4 million. We used the net proceeds to finance a
portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of NextRx. Offsetting these proceeds were
financing fees of 56.3 million for the committed credit facility.

We anticipate that our current cash balances, cash flows from operations and our revolving
credit facility will be sufficient to meet our cash needs and make scheduled payments for our
contractual obligations and current capital commitments. However, if needs arise, we may decide to
secure external capital to provide additional liquidity. New sources of liquidity may include
additional lines of credit, term loans, or issuance of notes or common stock, all of which are
allowable, with certain limitations, under our existing credit agreement.

STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM (reflecting the two-for-one stock split effective June 8, 2010) 

We have a stock repurchase program, originally announced on October 25, 1996. Treasury shares
are carried at first in, first out cost. There is no limit on the duration of the program. During
2010, we repurchased 26.9 million treasury shares for 1,276.2 million. As of December 31, 2010,
there are 15.1 million shares remaining under this program. Additional share repurchases, if any,
will be made in such amounts and at such times as we deem appropriate based upon prevailing market
and business conditions and other factors.

ACQUISITIONS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (reflecting the two-for-one stock split effective June 8, 2010) 

On December 1, 2009, we completed the purchase of 100 of WellPoint s NextRx PBM Business in
exchange for total consideration of 4.675 billion paid in cash. The working capital adjustment
was finalized during the second quarter of 2010 and reduced the purchase price by 8.3 million,
resulting in a final purchase price of 4.667 billion. The NextRx PBM Business is a national
provider of PBM services, and we believe the acquisition
will enhance our ability to achieve cost savings, innovations, and operational efficiencies
which will benefit our customers and stockholders. The purchase price was primarily funded through
the senior note and common stock offerings discussed above. Our PBM operating

39 

Table of Contents 

results include those of the NextRx PBM Business beginning on December 1, 2009,
the date of acquisition (see Note 3 Changes in business).

On July 22, 2008, we completed the acquisition of the Pharmacy Services Division of MSC -
Medical Services Company MSC ), a privately held PBM, for a purchase price of 251.0 million,
which includes a purchase price adjustment for working capital and transaction costs. MSC is a
leader in providing PBM services to clients providing workers compensation benefits. The purchase
price was funded through internally generated cash and temporary borrowings under our revolving
credit facility. This acquisition is reported as part of our PBM segment and did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial statements (see Note 3 Changes in business).

We are one of the founders of RxHub, an electronic exchange enabling physicians who use
electronic prescribing technology to link to pharmacies, PBM companies, and health plans. On July
1, 2008, the merger of RxHub and SureScripts was announced. The new organization enables
physicians to securely access health information when caring for their patients through a fast and
efficient health exchange. We have retained one-sixth ownership in the merged company. Due to the
decreased ownership percentage, the investment is being recorded using the cost method, under which
dividends are the basis of recognition of earnings from an investment. This change did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial statements (see Note 5 Joint venture).

We regularly review potential acquisitions and affiliation opportunities. We believe
available cash resources, bank financing or the issuance of additional common stock or other
securities could be used to finance future acquisitions or affiliations. There can be no assurance
we will make new acquisitions or establish new affiliations in 2011 or thereafter.

SENIOR NOTES 

On June 9, 2009, we issued 2.5 billion of Senior Notes, including 1.0 billion aggregate
principal amount of 5.250 Senior Notes due 2012; 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.250 
Senior Notes due 2014 and 500 million aggregate principal amount of 7.250 Senior Notes due 2019.
The Senior Notes require interest to be paid semi-annually on June 15 and December 15.
We may redeem some or all of each series of Senior Notes prior to maturity at a price equal to the
greater of (1) 100 of the aggregate principal amount of any notes being redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest; or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest on the notes being redeemed, not including unpaid interest accrued to the
redemption date, discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis at the treasury rate plus
50 basis points with respect to any notes being redeemed, plus in each case, unpaid interest on the
notes being redeemed accrued to the redemption date. The Senior Notes are jointly and severally
and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by most of our current and
future 100 owned domestic subsidiaries (see Note 15 Condensed consolidating financial
information).

Financing costs of 13.3 million are being amortized over an average weighted period of 5.2
years and are reflected in other intangible assets, net in the consolidated balance sheet. We used
the net proceeds for the acquisition of WellPoint s NextRx PBM Business (see Note 3 Changes in
business).

BANK CREDIT FACILITY 

On August 13, 2010, we entered into a credit agreement with a commercial bank syndicate
providing for a three-year revolving credit facility of 750.0 million. In connection with entering
into the credit agreement, we terminated in full the revolving facility under our prior credit
agreement, entered into October 14, 2005 and due October 14, 2010. There was no outstanding balance
in our prior revolving credit facility upon termination.

During the third quarter of 2010, we repaid the Term A and Term-1 loans in full. We made total
Term loan payments of 1,340.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. At December 31,
2010, our credit agreement consists of a 750.0 million revolving credit facility (none of which
was outstanding as of December 31, 2010) available for general corporate purposes.

The new credit agreement requires us to pay interest periodically on the London Interbank
Offered Rates LIBOR or base rate options, plus a margin. The margin over LIBOR will range from
1.55 to 1.95 , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Under the credit agreement we are
required to pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the 750.0 million revolving credit
facility. The commitment fee will range from 0.20 to 0.30 
depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Financing costs of 3.9 million related to the
new credit agreement are being amortized over three years and are reflected in other intangible
assets, net in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2010.

40 

Table of Contents 

The credit agreement contains covenants which limit our ability to incur additional
indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, and engage in mergers, consolidations, or
disposals. The covenants also include a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage
ratio. At December 31, 2010, we believe we were in compliance in all material respects with all
covenants associated with our new credit agreement.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 

The
following table sets forth our schedule of current maturities of our long-term debt as of
December 31, 2010, future minimum lease payments due under noncancellable operating leases of our
continuing operations, and purchase commitments (in millions):

Payments Due by Period as of December 31, 2010 

Contractual obligations 
 
 Total 

2011 

2012 2013 

2014 2015 

After 2016 

Long-term debt (1) 

3,105.9 

151.3 

1,223.9 

1,103.8 

626.9 

Future minimum lease
payments (2) 

196.1 

35.9 

56.8 

47.6 

55.8 

Purchase commitments (3) 

180.0 

90.1 

75.8 

14.1 

Total contractual cash obligations

3,482.0 

277.3 

1,356.5 

1,165.5 

682.7 

(1) 
 
 These payments exclude the interest expense on our revolving credit facility,
which requires us to pay interest on LIBOR plus a margin. Our interest payments
fluctuate with changes in LIBOR and in the margin over LIBOR we are required to pay
(see Bank Credit Facility ), as well as the balance outstanding on our revolving
credit facility. Interest payments on our Senior Notes are fixed, and have been
included in these amounts. 

(2) 
 
 In July 2004, we entered into a capital lease with the Camden County Joint
Development Authority in association with the development of our Patient Care Contact
Center in St. Marys, Georgia. At December 31, 2010, our lease obligation is 5.8
million. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, our lease obligation has
been offset against 5.8 million of industrial revenue bonds issued to us by the Camden
County Joint Development Authority. 

(3) 
 
 These amounts consist of required future purchase commitments for materials,
supplies, services and fixed assets in the normal course of business. We do not expect
potential payments under these provisions to materially affect results of operations or
financial condition. This conclusion is based upon reasonably likely outcomes derived
by reference to historical experience and current business plans. 

The gross liability for uncertain tax positions is 56.4 million and 56.1 million as of
December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We do not expect a significant payment related to these
obligations to be made within the next twelve months. We are not able to provide a reasonable
reliable estimate of the timing of future payments relating to the noncurrent obligations. Our net
long-term deferred tax liability is 448.9 million and 361.6 million as of December 31, 2010 and
2009, respectively. Scheduling payments for deferred tax liabilities could be misleading since
future settlements of these amounts are not the sole determining factor of cash taxes to be paid in
future periods.

IMPACT OF INFLATION 

Changes in prices charged by manufacturers and wholesalers for pharmaceuticals affect our
revenues and cost of revenues. Most of our contracts provide that we bill clients based on a
generally recognized price index for pharmaceuticals.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates related to debt outstanding under
our credit facility. Our earnings are subject to change as a result of movements in market
interest rates. At December 31, 2010, we had no obligations,
net of cash, which were subject to variable rates of interest under our credit facility.

41 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Express Scripts, Inc.:

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item
15(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Express Scripts, Inc. and
its subsidiaries at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In
addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item
15(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s
management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule and on the
Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinions.

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the
manner in which it accounts for business combinations in 2009.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
St. Louis, Missouri 
February 16, 2011

42 

Table of Contents 

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 

December 31, 

(in millions, except share data) 
 
 2010 

2009 

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

523.7 

1,070.4 

Restricted cash and investments

16.3 

9.1 

Receivables, net

1,720.9 

2,516.4 

Inventories

382.4 

313.0 

Deferred taxes

86.0 

135.0 

Prepaid expenses

177.6 

90.7 

Other current assets

34.4 

3.5 

Current assets of discontinued operations

5.4 

Total current assets

2,941.3 

4,143.5 

Property and equipment, net

372.7 

347.1 

Goodwill

5,486.2 

5,497.1 

Other intangible assets, net

1,725.0 

1,880.8 

Other assets

32.6 

31.7 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations

31.0 

Total assets

10,557.8 

11,931.2 

Liabilities and stockholders equity

Current liabilities:

Claims and rebates payable

2,666.5 

2,850.7 

Accounts payable

656.7 

706.4 

Accrued expenses

593.9 

549.2 

Current maturities of long-term debt

0.1 

1,340.1 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations

10.4 

Total current liabilities

3,917.2 

5,456.8 

Long-term debt

2,493.7 

2,492.5 

Other liabilities

540.3 

430.1 

Total liabilities

6,951.2 

8,379.4 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 5,000,000 shares authorized, 0.01 par value per share;
and no shares issued and outstanding

Common stock, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized, 0.01 par value;
shares issued: 690,231,000 and 345,279,000, respectively;
shares outstanding: 528,069,000 and 275,007,000, respectively

6.9 

3.5 

Additional paid-in capital

2,354.4 

2,260.0 

Accumulated other comprehensive income

19.8 

14.1 

Retained earnings

5,369.8 

4,188.6 

7,750.9 

6,466.2 

Common stock
in treasury at cost, 162,162,000 and 70,272,000
shares, respectively

(4,144.3) 

(2,914.4) 

Total stockholders equity

3,606.6 

3,551.8 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

10,557.8 

11,931.2 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

43 

Table of Contents 

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

Revenues 1 

44,973.2 

24,722.3 

21,941.2 

Cost of revenues 1 

42,015.0 

22,298.3 

19,910.6 

Gross profit

2,958.2 

2,424.0 

2,030.6 

Selling, general and administrative

887.3 

926.5 

756.3 

Operating income

2,070.9 

1,497.5 

1,274.3 

Other (expense) income:

Non-operating charges, net

(2.0) 

Undistributed loss from joint venture

(0.3) 

Interest income

4.9 

5.3 

13.0 

Interest expense

(167.1) 

(194.4) 

(77.6) 

(162.2) 

(189.1) 

(66.9) 

Income before income taxes

1,908.7 

1,308.4 

1,207.4 

Provision for income taxes

704.1 

481.8 

431.5 

Net income from continuing operations

1,204.6 

826.6 

775.9 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax

(23.4) 

1.0 

0.2 

Net income

1,181.2 

827.6 

776.1 

Weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period:

Basic:

538.5 

527.0 

497.8 

Diluted:

544.0 

532.2 

503.6 

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

2.24 

1.57 

1.56 

Discontinued operations

(0.04) 

Net earnings

2.19 

1.57 

1.56 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

2.21 

1.55 

1.54 

Discontinued operations

(0.04) 

Net earnings

2.17 

1.56 

1.54 

1 
 
 Includes retail pharmacy co-payments of 6,181.4, 3,132.1, and 3,153.6 for the years
ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

44 

Table of Contents 

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Number of Shares 

Amount 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common 

Common 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Treasury 

(in millions) 
 
 Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

Income 

Earnings 

Stock 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2007

318.9 

3.2 

564.5 

20.9 

2,584.9 

(2,477.1) 

696.4 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

776.1 

776.1 

Other comprehensive income, 
Foreign currency translation adjustment

(14.7) 

(14.7) 

Comprehensive income

(14.7) 

776.1 

761.4 

Treasury stock acquired

(494.4) 

(494.4) 

Common stock issued under employee plans, net of
forfeitures and stock redeemed for taxes

0.6 

4.0 

4.6 

Amortization of unearned compensation
under employee plans

40.3 

40.3 

Exercise of stock options

(6.8) 

34.5 

27.7 

Tax benefit relating to employee stock compensation

42.2 

42.2 

Balance at December 31, 2008

318.9 

3.2 

640.8 

6.2 

3,361.0 

(2,933.0) 

1,078.2 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

827.6 

827.6 

Other comprehensive income, 
Foreign currency translation adjustment

7.9 

7.9 

Comprehensive income

7.9 

827.6 

835.5 

Issuance of common stock, net of costs

26.4 

0.3 

1,568.8 

1,569.1 

Common stock issued under employee plans, net of
forfeitures and stock redeemed for taxes

(3.0) 

6.0 

3.0 

Amortization of unearned compensation
under employee plans

44.6 

44.6 

Exercise of stock options

(4.6) 

12.6 

8.0 

Tax benefit relating to employee stock compensation

13.4 

13.4 

Balance at December 31, 2009

345.3 

3.5 

2,260.0 

14.1 

4,188.6 

(2,914.4) 

3,551.8 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

1,181.2 

1,181.2 

Other comprehensive income, 
Foreign currency translation adjustment

5.7 

5.7 

Comprehensive income

5.7 

1,181.2 

1,186.9 

Stock split in form of dividend

345.1 

3.4 

(3.4) 

Treasury stock acquired

(1,276.2) 

(1,276.2) 

Common stock issued under employee plans, net of
forfeitures and stock redeemed for taxes

(0.2) 

(14.5) 

11.9 

(2.6) 

Amortization of unearned compensation
under employee plans

49.7 

49.7 

Exercise of stock options

3.7 

34.4 

38.1 

Tax benefit relating to employee stock compensation

58.9 

58.9 

Balance at December 31, 2010

690.2 

6.9 

2,354.4 

19.8 

5,369.8 

(4,144.3) 

3,606.6 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

Table of Contents 

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

1,181.2 

827.6 

776.1 

Net loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of tax

23.4 

(1.0) 

(0.2) 

Net income from continuing operations

1,204.6 

826.6 

775.9 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

244.7 

106.7 

94.1 

Deferred income taxes

110.4 

51.5 

33.8 

Employee stock-based compensation expense

49.7 

44.6 

40.2 

Bad debt expense

5.2 

24.1 

30.0 

Deferred financing fees

5.1 

66.3 

2.4 

Other, net

9.4 

3.3 

18.3 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of changes resulting from acquisitions:

Receivables

793.0 

(506.0) 

23.7 

Inventories

(70.2) 

(58.1) 

(38.0) 

Other current and noncurrent assets

(90.0) 

(68.6) 

6.1 

Claims and rebates payable

(186.7) 

995.4 

113.0 

Other current and noncurrent liabilities

29.9 

266.2 

(8.4) 

Net cash provided by operating activities continuing operations

2,105.1 

1,752.0 

1,091.1 

Net cash provided by operating activities discontinued operations

12.3 

19.5 

11.9 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities

2,117.4 

1,771.5 

1,103.0 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property and equipment

(119.9) 

(147.5) 

(83.8) 

Purchase of short-term investments

(38.0) 

(1,201.4) 

Cash received from short-term investment

8.6 

6.4 

38.9 

Proceeds from the sale of business

2.5 

27.7 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and investment in joint venture

(4,672.6) 

(251.5) 

Sale of short-term investments

1,198.9 

Short-term investment transferred from cash

(49.3) 

Other

1.7 

(4.3) 

(0.6) 

Net cash used in investing activities continuing operations

(145.1) 

(4,820.5) 

(318.6) 

Net cash used in investing activities discontinued operations

(0.8) 

(1.9) 

(2.0) 

Net cash used in investing activities

(145.9) 

(4,822.4) 

(320.6) 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Repayment of long-term debt

(1,340.1) 

(420.1) 

(260.0) 

Treasury stock acquired

(1,276.2) 

(494.4) 

Tax benefit relating to employee stock-based compensation

58.9 

13.4 

42.1 

Net proceeds from employee stock plans

35.3 

12.5 

31.9 

Deferred financing fees

(3.9) 

(79.5) 

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discounts

2,491.6 

Net proceeds from stock issuance

1,569.1 

Other

3.0 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(2,523.0) 

3,587.0 

(680.4) 

Effect of foreign currency translation adjustment

4.8 

3.6 

(6.0) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

(546.7) 

539.7 

96.0 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

1,070.4 

530.7 

434.7 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

523.7 

1,070.4 

530.7 

Supplemental data:

Cash paid during the year for:

Income tax payments, net of refunds

601.4 

478.3 

342.4 

Interest

162.3 

185.8 

72.9 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

46 

Table of Contents 

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Summary of significant accounting policies 

Organization and operations. We are one of the largest full-service pharmacy benefit
management PBM companies in North America, providing healthcare management and administration
services on behalf of clients that include health maintenance organizations, health insurers,
third-party administrators, employers, union-sponsored benefit plans, workers compensation plans
and government health programs. During the first quarter of 2009, we changed our reportable
segments to PBM and Emerging Markets EM ). Segment disclosures for 2008 have been reclassified
to reflect the new structure where appropriate. Our integrated PBM services include network claims
processing, home delivery services, patient care and direct specialty home delivery to patients,
benefit design consultation, drug utilization review, formulary management, drug data analysis
services, distribution of injectable drugs to patient homes and physician offices, bio-pharma
services, and fulfillment of prescriptions to low-income patients through manufacturer-sponsored
patient assistance programs. Through our EM segment, we provide services including distribution of
pharmaceuticals and medical supplies to providers and clinics, fertility services to providers and
patients, and healthcare administration and implementation of consumer-directed healthcare
solutions.

As noted above, we report segments on the basis of services offered and have determined we
have two reportable segments: PBM and EM. Our domestic and Canadian PBM operating segments have
similar characteristics and as such have been aggregated into a single PBM reporting segment.

Basis of presentation. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those
of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. Investments in affiliated companies, 20 to 50 owned, are accounted for under the
equity method. Certain amounts in prior years have been reclassified to conform to the current
year presentation. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements conforms to generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States, and requires us to make estimates and
assumptions which affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual amounts could differ from those estimates and assumptions.

Discontinued operations . On September 17, 2010, we completed the sale of our Phoenix
Marketing Group PMG line of business. Upon classification as a discontinued operation in the
second quarter of 2010, an impairment charge of 28.2 million was recorded to reflect goodwill and
intangible asset impairment and the subsequent write-down of PMG assets to fair market value. The
loss on the sale as well as other charges related to discontinued operations during the third
quarter of 2010 totaled 8.3 million. These charges are included in net (loss) income from
discontinued operations, net of tax in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2010.

On June 30, 2008, we completed the sale of CuraScript Infusion Pharmacy, Inc. IP ), our
infusion pharmacy line of business, for 27.5 million and recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately
 7.4 million. On April 4, 2008, we completed the sale of Custom Medical Products, Inc. CMP and
recorded a pre-tax loss of approximately 1.3 million. These amounts are included in net (loss)
income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the consolidated statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2008.

The results of operations for PMG, IP and CMP are reported as discontinued operations for all
periods presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, for all
periods presented, assets and liabilities of the discontinued operations are segregated in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet, and cash flows of our discontinued operations are
segregated in our accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows (see Note 4 Discontinued
operations).

Cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and investments
with original maturities of three months or less. We have banking relationships resulting in
certain cash disbursement accounts being maintained by banks not holding our cash concentration
accounts. As a result, cash disbursement accounts carrying negative book balances of 418.8
million and 330.8 million (representing outstanding checks not yet presented for payment) have
been reclassified to claims and rebates payable, accounts payable and accrued expenses at December
31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. This reclassification restores balances to cash and current

47 

Table of Contents 

liabilities for liabilities to our vendors which have not been settled. No overdraft or
unsecured short-term loan exists in relation to these negative balances.

We have restricted cash and investments in the amount of 16.3 million and 9.1 million at
December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. These amounts consist of investments and cash which
include participants health savings accounts, employers pre-funding amounts and Express Scripts
Insurance Company ESIC amounts restricted for state insurance licensure purposes.

Accounts receivable. Based on our revenue recognition policies discussed below, certain
claims at the end of a period are unbilled. Revenue and unbilled receivables for those claims are
estimated each period based on the amount to be paid to network pharmacies and historical gross
margin. Estimates are adjusted to actual at the time of billing. Historically, adjustments to our
original estimates have been immaterial. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, unbilled receivables
for continuing operations were 911.3 million and 1,218.4 million, respectively. Unbilled
receivables are billed to clients typically within 30 days based on the contractual billing
schedule agreed upon with the client.

We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to estimated uncollectible receivables.
This estimate is based on the current status of each customer s receivable balance as well as
current economic and market conditions. Receivables are written off against the allowance only
upon determination such amounts are not recoverable and all collection attempts have failed. As of
December 31, 2010 and 2009, we have an allowance for doubtful accounts for continuing operations of
 64.8 million and 93.4 million, respectively. As a percent of accounts receivable, our allowance
for doubtful accounts for continuing operations was 3.8 and 3.7 at December 31, 2010 and 2009,
respectively.

Inventories. Inventories consist of prescription drugs and medical supplies which are stated
at the lower of first-in first-out cost or market.

Property and equipment. Property and equipment is carried at cost and is depreciated using
the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of seven years for furniture and three to five
years for equipment and purchased computer software. Buildings are amortized on a straight-line
basis over estimated useful lives of ten years to thirty-five years. Leasehold improvements are
amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the lease or the useful life of the
asset, if shorter. Expenditures for repairs, maintenance and renewals are charged to income as
incurred. Expenditures that improve an asset or extend its estimated useful life are capitalized.
When properties are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in income.

Research and development expenditures relating to the development of software for internal
purposes are charged to expense until technological feasibility is established. Thereafter, the
remaining software production costs up to the date placed into production are capitalized and
included as property and equipment. Amortization of the capitalized amounts commences on the date
placed into production, and is computed on a product-by-product basis using the straight-line
method over the remaining estimated economic life of the product but not more than five years.
Reductions, if any, in the carrying value of capitalized software costs to net realizable value are
expensed. With respect to capitalized software costs, we recorded amortization expense of 23.2
million in 2010, 20.4 million in 2009 and 19.7 million in 2008.

Marketable securities. All investments not included as cash and cash equivalents are
accounted for in accordance with applicable accounting guidance for investments in debt and equity
securities. Management determines the appropriate classification of our marketable securities at
the time of purchase and re-evaluates such determination at each balance sheet date. All
marketable securities at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were recorded in other noncurrent assets on our
consolidated balance sheet (see Note 2 Fair value measurements).

Securities bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term are
classified as trading securities. Trading securities are reported at fair value, which is based
upon quoted market prices, with unrealized holding gains and losses included in earnings. We held
trading securities, consisting primarily of mutual funds, totaling 13.5 million and 11.4 million
at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We maintain our trading securities to offset changes
in certain liabilities related to our deferred compensation plan discussed in Note 11 Employee
benefit plans and stock-based compensation plans. Net gain (loss) recognized on the trading
portfolio was 1.5 million, 3.8 million, and (5.2) million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively.

48 

Table of Contents 

Securities not classified as trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale
securities. Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value, which is based upon quoted
market prices, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported through other comprehensive
income, net of applicable taxes. We held no securities classified as available for sale at
December 31, 2010 or 2009.

Impairment of long lived assets. We evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred
which indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long lived assets, including other intangible
assets, may warrant revision or the remaining balance of an asset may not be recoverable. The
measurement of possible impairment is based on a comparison of the fair value of the related assets
to the carrying value using discount rates that reflect the inherent risk of the underlying
business. Impairment losses, if any, would be recorded to the extent the carrying value of the
assets exceeds the implied fair value resulting from this calculation (see Note 4 Discontinued
operations and Note 7 Goodwill and other intangibles).

Goodwill. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or when events or circumstances occur
indicating that goodwill might be impaired. In addition, we evaluate whether events or
circumstances have occurred that may indicate an impairment in goodwill. The measurement of
possible impairment is based on a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to the
carrying value of the reporting unit s assets. We determine reporting units based on component
parts of our business one level below the segment level. Our reporting units represent businesses
for which discrete financial information is available and reviewed regularly by segment management.
Impairment losses, if any, would be determined based on the fair value of the individual assets
and liabilities of the reporting unit, using discount rates that reflect the inherent risk of the
underlying business. We would record an impairment charge to the extent the carrying value of
goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill resulting from this calculation. This valuation
process involves assumptions based upon management s best estimates and judgments that approximate
the market conditions experienced for our reporting units at the time the impairment assessment is
made. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, earnings and cash flow projections,
discount rate and peer company comparability. Actual results may differ from these estimates due to
the inherent uncertainty involved in such estimates. No impairment existed for any of our
reporting units at December 31, 2010 or 2009.

During 2010, we wrote off 22.1 million of goodwill in connection with the classification of
PMG as a discontinued operation.

Other intangible assets. Other intangible assets include, but are not limited to, customer
contracts and relationships, non-compete agreements, deferred financing fees and trade names.
Other intangible assets, excluding customer contracts, customer relationships and trade names, are
recorded at cost. Customer contracts and relationships are valued at fair market value when
acquired using the income method. Customer contracts and relationships related to our 10-year
contract with WellPoint, Inc. WellPoint under which we provide pharmacy benefit management
services to WellPoint and its designated affiliates the PBM agreement are being amortized using
a modified pattern of benefit method over an estimated useful life of 15 years. All other
intangible assets, excluding trade names which have an indefinite life, are amortized on a
straight-line basis, which approximates the pattern of benefit, over periods from 5 to 20 years for
customer-related intangibles and 3 to 10 years for other intangible assets (see Note 7 Goodwill
and other intangibles).

The amount of other intangible assets reported is net of accumulated amortization of 383.6
million and 234.5 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Amortization expense for
our continuing operations for customer-related intangibles and non-compete agreements included in
selling, general and administrative expense was 40.7 million, 34.7 million, and 33.2 million for
the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. In accordance with applicable
accounting guidance, amortization expense for our continuing operations of 114.0 million and 9.5
million (for one month in 2009) for customer contracts related to the PBM agreement has been
included as an offset to revenue for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively.
Amortization expense for our continuing operations for deferred financing fees included in interest
expense was 5.1 million, 4.0 million and 2.4 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

Self-insurance accruals. We maintain insurance coverage for claims that arise in the normal
course of business. Where insurance coverage is not available, or, in our judgment, is not
cost-effective, we maintain self-insurance accruals to reduce our exposure to future legal costs,
settlements and judgments. Self-insured losses are accrued based upon estimates of the aggregate
liability for the costs of uninsured claims incurred using certain actuarial assumptions followed
in the insurance industry and our historical experience (see Note 12 Commitments and
contingencies). It is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these claims, and we
can give no assurances any losses, in excess of our insurance and any self-insurance accruals, will
not be material.

49 

Table of Contents 

Fair value of financial instruments. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents,
restricted cash and investments, accounts receivable, claims and rebates payable, and accounts
payable approximated fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The fair
value, which approximates the carrying value, of our bank credit facility was estimated using
either quoted market prices or the current rates offered to us for debt with similar maturity (see
Note 2 Fair value measurements).

Revenue recognition. Revenues from our PBM segment are earned by dispensing prescriptions from
our home delivery and specialty pharmacies, processing claims for prescriptions filled by retail
pharmacies in our networks, and providing services to drug manufacturers, including administration
of discount programs (see also Rebate accounting below).

Revenues from dispensing prescriptions from our home delivery pharmacies are recorded when
prescriptions are shipped. At the time of shipment, our earnings process is complete: the
obligation of our customer to pay for the drugs is fixed, and, due to the nature of the product,
the member may not return the drugs nor receive a refund.

Revenues from our specialty line of business are from providing medications/pharmaceuticals
for diseases that rely upon high-cost injectable, infused, oral, or inhaled drugs which have
sensitive handling and storage needs and bio-pharmaceutical services including marketing,
reimbursement and customized logistics solutions. Specialty revenues earned by our PBM segment are
recognized at the point of shipment. At the time of shipment, we have performed substantially all
of our obligations under our customer contracts and do not experience a significant level of
reshipments. Appropriate reserves are recorded for discounts and contractual allowances which are
estimated based on historical collections over a recent period. Any differences between our
estimates and actual collections are reflected in operations in the period in which payment is
received. Differences may result in the amount and timing of our revenues for any period if actual
performance varies from our estimates. Allowances for returns are estimated based on historical
return trends.

Revenues from our PBM segment are also derived from the distribution of pharmaceuticals
requiring special handling or packaging where we have been selected by the pharmaceutical
manufacturer as part of a limited distribution network and the distribution of pharmaceuticals
through Patient Assistance Programs where we receive a fee from the pharmaceutical manufacturer for
administrative and pharmacy services for the delivery of certain drugs free of charge to doctors
for their low-income patients. These revenues include administrative fees received from these
programs.

Revenues related to the distribution of prescription drugs by retail pharmacies in our
networks consist of the prescription price (ingredient cost plus dispensing fee) negotiated with
our clients, including the portion to be settled directly by the member (co-payment), plus any
associated administrative fees. These revenues are recognized when the claim is processed. When
we independently have a contractual obligation to pay our network pharmacy providers for benefits
provided to our clients members, we act as a principal in the arrangement and we include the total
prescription price as revenue in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. Although we
generally do not have credit risk with respect to retail co-payments, the primary indicators of
gross treatment are present. When a prescription is presented by a member to a retail pharmacy
within our network, we are solely responsible for confirming member eligibility, performing drug
utilization review, reviewing for drug-to-drug interactions, performing clinical intervention,
which may involve a call to the member s physician, communicating plan provisions to the pharmacy,
directing payment to the pharmacy and billing the client for the amount it is contractually
obligated to pay us for the prescription dispensed, as specified within our client contracts. We
also provide benefit design and formulary consultation services to clients. We have separately
negotiated contractual relationships with our clients and with network pharmacies, and under our
contracts with pharmacies we assume the credit risk of our clients ability to pay for drugs
dispensed by these pharmacies to clients members. Our clients are not obligated to pay the
pharmacies as we are primarily obligated to pay retail pharmacies in our network the contractually
agreed upon amount for the prescription dispensed, as specified within our provider contracts.
These factors indicate we are a principal as defined by applicable accounting guidance and, as
such, we record the total prescription price contracted with clients in revenue.

If we merely administer a client s network pharmacy contracts to which we are not a party and
under which we do not assume credit risk, we record only our administrative fees as revenue. For
these clients, we earn an administrative fee for collecting payments from the client and remitting
the corresponding amount to the pharmacies in the client s network. In these transactions we act as
a conduit for the client. Because we are not the principal in these transactions, drug ingredient
cost is not included in our revenues or in our cost of revenues.

50 

Table of Contents 

In retail pharmacy transactions, amounts paid to pharmacies and amounts charged to clients are
always exclusive of the applicable co-payment. Retail pharmacy co-payments, which we instructed
retail pharmacies to collect from members, of 6.2 billion, 3.1 billion and 3.2 billion for the
years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively, are included in revenues and cost of
revenues. We changed our accounting policy for member co-payments during the third quarter of 2008
to include member co-payments to retail pharmacies in revenue and cost of revenue. Retail pharmacy
co-payments increased in the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared to 2009 due to the
acquisition of NextRx and the new contract with the Department of Defense DoD ), partially offset
by an increase in generic utilization. Retail pharmacy co-payments decreased in the year ended
December 31, 2009 as compared to 2008 due to the expected loss of discount card programs and other
low margin clients, as well as an increase in generic utilization.

Many of our contracts contain terms whereby we make certain financial and performance
guarantees, including the minimum level of discounts or rebates a client may receive, generic
utilization rates, and various service guarantees. These clients may be entitled to performance
penalties if we fail to meet a financial or service guarantee. Actual performance is compared to
the guarantee for each measure throughout the period, and accruals are recorded as an offset to
revenue if we determine that our performance against the guarantee indicates a potential liability.
These estimates are adjusted to actual when the guarantee period ends, and we have either met the
guaranteed rate or paid amounts to clients. Historically, adjustments to our original estimates
have been immaterial.

We bill our clients based upon the billing schedules established in client contracts. At the
end of a period, any unbilled revenues related to the sale of prescription drugs that have been
adjudicated with retail pharmacies are estimated based on the amount we will pay to the pharmacies
and historical gross margin. Those amounts due from our clients are recorded as revenue as they
are contractually due to us for past transactions. Adjustments are made to these estimated
revenues to reflect actual billings at the time clients are billed; historically, these adjustments
have not been material.

In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, amortization of 114.0 million and 9.5
million for customer contracts related to the PBM agreement with WellPoint has been included as an
offset to revenues for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively.

Revenues from our EM segment are earned from the distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical
supplies to providers and clinics and fertility services to providers and patients. These revenues
are recognized at the point of shipment. At the time of shipment, we have performed substantially
all of our obligations under our customer contracts and do not experience a significant level of
reshipments. Appropriate reserves are recorded for discounts and contractual allowances which are
estimated based on historical collections over a recent period. Any differences between our
estimates and actual collections are reflected in operations in the period in which payment is
received. Differences may result in the amount and timing of our revenues for any period if actual
performance varies from our estimates. Allowances for returns are estimated based on historical
return trends.

Rebate accounting. We administer a rebate program through which we receive rebates and
administrative fees from pharmaceutical manufacturers. Rebates and administrative fees earned for
the administration of this program, performed in conjunction with claim processing and home
delivery services provided to clients, are recorded as a reduction of cost of revenue and the
portion of the rebate and administrative fees payable to customers is treated as a reduction of
revenue. The portion of rebates and administrative fees payable to clients is estimated based on
historical and/or anticipated sharing percentages. These estimates are adjusted to actual when
amounts are paid to clients. We record rebates and administrative fees receivable from the
manufacturer and payable to clients when the prescriptions covered under contractual agreements
with the manufacturers are dispensed; these amounts are not dependent upon future pharmaceutical
sales. Rebates and administrative fees billed to manufacturers are determinable when the drug is
dispensed. We pay all or a contractually agreed upon portion of such rebates to our clients.

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues includes product costs, network pharmacy claims payments,
co-payments, and other direct costs associated with dispensing prescriptions, including shipping
and handling (see also Revenue Recognition and Rebate Accounting ). We changed our accounting
policy for member co-payments during the third quarter of 2008 to include member co-payments to
retail pharmacies in revenue and cost of revenue.

Income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary
differences between financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities using
presently enacted tax rates. We account for uncertainty in income taxes as described in Note 9 
Income taxes.

51 

Table of Contents 

Employee stock-based compensation. Grant-date fair values of stock options and
 stock-settled stock appreciation rights SSRs are estimated using a Black-Scholes valuation
model. Compensation expense is reduced based on estimated forfeitures with adjustments recorded at
the time of vesting when actual forfeitures are greater than estimates. Forfeitures are estimated
based on historical experience. We use an accelerated method of recognizing compensation cost for
awards with graded vesting, which essentially treats the grant as three separate awards, with
vesting periods of 12, 24 and 36 months for those grants that vest over three years. The majority
of our stock-based awards have three-year vesting.

See Note 11 Employee benefit plans and stock-based compensation for more information
regarding stock-based compensation plans.

Earnings per share (reflecting the two-for-one stock split effective June 8, 2010). Basic
earnings per share EPS is computed using the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed in the same manner as basic
earnings per share but adds the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
for the period if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued. All shares are calculated
under the treasury stock method.
 
The following is the reconciliation between the number of
weighted average shares used in the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation for all
periods (amounts are in millions):

2010 

2009 

2008 

Weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period Basic EPS (1) 

538.5 

527.0 

497.8 

Dilutive common stock equivalents:

Outstanding
stock options, SSRs, restricted stock units, and executive deferred compensation units (2) 

5.5 

5.2 

5.8 

Weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period Diluted EPS (1) 

544.0 

532.2 

503.6 

(1) 
 
 The increase in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year
ended December 31, 2010 for Basic and Diluted EPS resulted from the 52.9 million shares
issued in the common stock offering on June 10, 2009, partially offset by the repurchase of
26.9 million treasury shares during the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase in the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2009
for Basic and Diluted EPS resulted from the 52.9 million shares issued in the common stock
offering on June 10, 2009. 

(2) 
 
 Excludes awards of 2.8 million, 1.6 million, and 0.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. These were excluded because their effect
was anti-dilutive. 

Foreign currency translation. The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at each balance sheet date for assets and
liabilities and a weighted average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses, gains and
losses. The functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries is the local currency and cumulative
translation adjustments (credit balances of 19.8 million and 14.1 million at December 31, 2010
and 2009, respectively) are recorded within the accumulated other comprehensive income component of
stockholders equity.

Comprehensive income . In addition to net income, our components of comprehensive income (net
of taxes) are foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains and losses on
available-for-sale securities. We recognized foreign currency translation adjustments of 5.7
million, 7.9 million and 14.7) million for the years ending December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. We have displayed comprehensive income within the Statement of Changes in
Stockholders Equity.

New accounting guidance. In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB revised the authoritative guidance for business combinations. The guidance changes the definitions
of a business and a business combination, and will result in more transactions recorded as business
combinations. Certain acquired contingencies will be recorded initially at fair value on the
acquisition date, transaction and restructuring costs generally will be expensed as incurred and in
partial acquisitions, companies generally will record 100 percent of the assets and liabilities at
fair value, including goodwill. In April 2009, the FASB amended guidance which clarifies the
accounting for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination that arise from
contingencies. The guidance is effective as of January 1, 2009. We have accounted for the NextRx
business combination, and will account for all future business combinations, under this guidance
(see Note 3 Changes in business).

52 

Table of Contents 

In April 2008, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which intends to improve the consistency
between the useful life of an intangible asset and the period of expected cash flows used to
measure the fair value of the asset. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2008. These provisions were applied to intangible assets acquired as part of the
NextRx business combination and will be applied to future intangible assets acquired.

In June 2009, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which identifies the sources of
accounting principles and the framework for selecting the principles used in the preparation of
financial statements of nongovernmental entities that are presented in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States. This guidance is effective for
financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.
Adoption of the guidance did not have an impact on our financial position, results of operations,
or cash flows.

2. Fair value measurements 

FASB guidance regarding fair value measurement establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined
as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own
assumptions.

Financial assets accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2010 and
2009 include cash equivalents of 426.3 million and 909.8 million, restricted cash and investments
of 16.3 million and 9.1 million, and trading securities of 13.5 million and 11.4 million
(included in other assets), respectively. These assets are carried at fair value based on quoted
market prices for identical securities (Level 1 inputs). Cash equivalents include investments in
AAA-rated money market mutual funds with maturities of less than 90 days.

FASB guidance allows a company to elect to measure eligible financial assets and financial
liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option
has been elected are reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. Eligible items
include, but are not limited to, accounts and loans receivable, equity method investments, accounts
payable, guarantees, issued debt and firm commitments. Currently, we have not elected to account
for any of our eligible items using the fair value option under this guidance.

In April 2009, the FASB issued (1) guidance on determining fair value when market activity has
decreased, (2) guidance which addresses other-than-temporary impairments for debt securities; and
(3) guidance that discusses fair value disclosures for financial instruments in interim periods.
The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 and the
adoption did not have a material impact on our financial statements.

The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments, accounts
receivable, claims and rebates payable, and accounts payable approximated fair values due to the
short-term maturities of these instruments. The fair value, which approximates the carrying value,
of our bank credit facility was estimated using either quoted market prices or the current rates
offered to us for debt with similar maturity. The carrying values and the fair values of our
Senior Notes are shown in the following table:

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Carrying 

Fair 

Carrying 

Fair 

(in millions) 
 
 Amount 

Value 

Amount 

Value 

5.25 senior
notes due 2012, net of unamortized
discount

999.6 

1,056.0 

999.4 

1,068.6 

6.25 senior notes
due 2014, net of
unamortized
discount

996.9 

1,116.0 

996.1 

1,095.7 

7.25 senior notes
due 2019, net of
unamortized
discount

497.1 

586.3 

496.8 

591.6 

Total

2,493.6 

2,758.3 

2,492.3 

2,755.9 

53 

Table of Contents 

The fair values of our Senior Notes were estimated based on quoted prices in active markets
for identical securities (Level 1 inputs). In determining the fair value of liabilities, we took
into consideration the risk of nonperformance. Nonperformance risk refers to the risk that the
obligation will not be fulfilled and affects the value at which the liability would be transferred
to a market participant. This risk did not have a material impact on the fair value of our
liabilities.

3. Changes in business 

Acquisitions. On December 1, 2009, we completed the purchase of 100 of the shares and equity
interests of the NextRx PBM Business from WellPoint in exchange for total consideration of 4.675
billion paid in cash. The working capital adjustment was finalized during the second quarter of
2010 and reduced the purchase price by 8.3 million, resulting in a final purchase price of 4.667
billion. The NextRx PBM Business is a national provider of PBM services, and we believe the
acquisition will enhance our ability to achieve cost savings, innovations, and operational
efficiencies which will benefit our customers and stockholders. The purchase price was primarily
funded through a 2.5 billion underwritten public offering of senior notes completed on June 9,
2009, resulting in net proceeds of 2,478.3 million, and a public offering of 52.9 million shares
of common stock completed June 10, 2009, resulting in net proceeds of 1,569.1 million. This
acquisition is reported as part of our PBM segment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we
incurred transaction costs of 61.1 million related to the acquisition which are included in
selling, general and administrative expense. In accordance with the accounting guidance for
business combinations which became effective in 2009, the transaction costs were expensed as
incurred. Our PBM operating results include those of the NextRx PBM Business beginning on December
1, 2009, the date of acquisition.

The parties have agreed to make an election under Section 338(h)(10) of the Internal Revenue
Code with respect to the transaction which results in the goodwill and other intangibles generated
being tax deductible over 15 years. We estimate the value of such election to us to be between 800
million and 1.2 billion dependent upon the discount factor and tax rate assumed. This benefit will
be realized over the 15 year period as the goodwill and other intangibles are amortized and
deducted for tax purposes. There was no separate asset related to this tax benefit recorded in our
consolidated financial statements upon close of the acquisition as the tax basis of these assets
was equal to their book basis. Additionally, at the closing of the acquisition, we entered into a
10-year contract with WellPoint, the PBM agreement, under which we provide pharmacy benefits
management services to WellPoint and its designated affiliates which were previously provided by
NextRx. The services provided under the PBM agreement include retail network pharmacy management,
home delivery and specialty pharmacy services, drug formulary management, claims adjudication and
other services consistent with those provided to other PBM clients. These services are provided to
HMOs, health insurers, third-party administrators, employers, union-sponsored benefit plans,
workers compensation plans and government health programs, which is consistent with our current
customer base.

The following unaudited pro forma information presents a summary of our combined results of
operations and those of the NextRx PBM Business for the year ended December 31, 2009 as if the
acquisition and financing transactions had occurred at January 1, 2009, along with certain pro
forma adjustments to give effect to amortization of other intangible assets, interest expense on
acquisition debt and other adjustments. This information is presented with actual results from the
year ended December 31, 2010 for comparative purposes. The following pro forma financial
information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had
the transactions been effected on the assumed date, nor is it necessarily an indication of trends
in future results for a number of reasons, including but not limited to, differences between the
assumptions used to prepare the pro forma information, cost savings from operating efficiencies,
differences resulting from the 10-year contract with WellPoint, potential synergies, and the impact
of incremental costs incurred in integrating the PBM business:

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 2010 

2009 

| | 

Total revenues

44,973.2 

39,143.2 

Net income from continuing operations

1,204.6 

1,062.9 

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations

2.24 

1.94 

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations

2.21 

1.92 

54 

Table of Contents 

The purchase price has been allocated based upon the estimated fair value of net assets
acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition. We completed our final purchase
price allocation during the fourth quarter of 2010. All adjustments were immaterial individually
and in the aggregate. The components of the final purchase price allocation for NextRx are as
follows:

Allocation of Purchase Price (in millions): 

Current assets

943.8 

Property and equipment

42.7 

Acquired intangible assets

1,585.0 

Goodwill

2,668.9 

Liabilities assumed

(573.7) 

Total

4,666.7 

The values of the tangible net assets in the above table are representative of the fair
values of those assets and liabilities. The current assets of 943.8 million are primarily
comprised of pharmaceutical manufacturer rebate receivables, which have historically experienced
better collection rates than other customer trade receivables. As a result, the allowance for
doubtful accounts related to these receivables is lower than our book of business average. The
liabilities assumed of 573.7 million are primarily comprised of rebates payable to clients.

A portion of the excess of purchase price over tangible net assets acquired has been allocated
to intangible assets consisting of customer contracts in the amount of 1,585.0 million. Of this
amount, 65.0 million related to external customers is being amortized using the straight-line
method over an estimated useful life of 10 years. An additional 1,520.0 million related to the
PBM agreement with WellPoint is being amortized using a pattern of benefit method over an estimated
useful life of 15 years, with a greater portion of the expense recorded in the first five years.
The amortization of the value ascribed to the PBM agreement is reflected as a reduction of revenue.
These assets are included in other intangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The
acquired intangible assets were valued using an income approach.

The excess of purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets
acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of 2,668.9 million. The goodwill is the
residual value after identified assets are separately valued and represents the result of expected
buyer-specific synergies derived from our ability to drive growth in generic and mail order
utilization, supply chain savings from both drug manufacturers and the retail network, and the tax
benefits derived from the Section 338(h)(10) election under the Internal Revenue Code. All
goodwill recognized as part of the NextRx acquisition is reported under our PBM segment.

During the second quarter of 2010, we recorded a pre-tax benefit of 30.0 million related to
the amendment of a client contract which relieved us of certain contractual guarantees. This amount
was originally accrued in the NextRx opening balance sheet. In accordance with business combination
accounting guidance, the reversal of the accrual was recorded in revenue, since it relates to
client guarantees, upon amendment of the contract during the second quarter of 2010.

On July 22, 2008, we completed the acquisition of the Pharmacy Services Division of MSC 
Medical Services Company MSC ), a privately held PBM, for a purchase price of 251.0 million.
MSC is a leader in providing PBM services to clients providing workers compensation benefits. The
purchase price was funded through internally generated cash and temporary borrowings under the
revolving credit facility. This acquisition is reported as part of our PBM segment.

4. Discontinued operations 

On September 17, 2010, we completed the sale of our PMG line of business. During the second
quarter of 2010, we concluded that PMG was no longer core to our future operations and committed to
a plan to dispose of the business. As a result, PMG was classified as a discontinued operation
beginning in the second quarter of 2010, and an impairment charge of 28.2 million was recorded to
reflect goodwill and intangible asset impairment and the subsequent write-down of PMG assets to
fair market value. The loss on the sale as well as other charges related to discontinued
operations during the third quarter of 2010 totaled 8.3 million. These charges are included in the
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax line item in the accompanying
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2010.

55 

Table of Contents 

Prior to being classified as a discontinued operation, PMG was included in our Emerging
Markets EM segment. PMG was headquartered in Lincoln Park, New Jersey and provided outsourced
distribution and verification services to pharmaceutical manufacturers.

On June 30, 2008, we completed the sale of IP, our infusion pharmacy line of business, for
 27.5 million and recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately 7.4 million. The gain is included in
the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax line item in the accompanying
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2008. Rights to certain working capital
balances related to IP were not sold and are retained on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2009.
These balances were settled during the year ended December 31, 2010, and were not material.

IP was identified as available for sale during the fourth quarter of 2007 as we considered it
non-core to our future operations. IP was headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky and operated
twelve infusion pharmacies in six states. IP offered a broad range of infused therapies in the
home to patients with acute or chronic conditions. Prior to being classified as a discontinued
operation, IP was included in our former Specialty and Ancillary Services SAAS segment.

On April 4, 2008, we completed the sale of CMP and recorded a pre-tax loss of approximately
 1.3 million which is included in the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
line item in the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2008. CMP,
which assembled customer medical kits containing various types of medical supplies, was included in
our former SAAS segment prior to being classified as a discontinued operation.

The results of operations for PMG, IP and CMP are reported as discontinued operations for all
periods presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in accordance with
applicable accounting guidance. Additionally, for all periods presented, assets and liabilities of
the discontinued operations are segregated in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and
cash flows of our discontinued operations are segregated in our accompanying consolidated statement
of cash flows.

Certain information with respect to discontinued operations for the year ended December 31,
2010, 2009, and 2008 is summarized as follows:

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

Revenues

16.5 

26.6 

81.5 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax

(23.4) 

1.0 

0.2 

Income tax benefit (expense) from discontinued operations

12.9 

(1.8) 

(2.8) 

5. Joint venture 

On July 1, 2008, the merger of RxHub and SureScripts was announced. We are one of the
founders of RxHub, an electronic exchange enabling physicians who use electronic prescribing
technology to link to pharmacies, PBM companies and health plans. The organization enables
physicians to securely access health information through a fast and efficient health exchange when
caring for their patients. We retain one-sixth ownership in the merged company. Due to the
decreased ownership percentage, the investment is recorded under the cost method, under which
dividends are the basis of recognition of earnings from an investment. Prior to the merger, the
investment in RxHub was recorded using the equity method of accounting, which required our
percentage interest in RxHub s results to be recorded in our consolidated statement of operations.
Our percentage of RxHub s loss for 2008 was 0.3 million, and has been recorded in other (expense)
income, net, in the consolidated statement of operations. Our investment in RxHub (approximately
 0.8 million at December 31, 2009) is recorded in other assets in our consolidated balance sheet.
In July 2010, we received a cash distribution of 1.4 million from RxHub. Upon receipt of this
distribution, we reduced the value of the investment to zero. The remaining balance of 0.6
million is recorded in interest income in the consolidated statement of operations.

56 

Table of Contents 

6. Property and equipment 

Property and equipment of our continuing operations, at cost, consists of the following:

December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

Land and buildings

11.2 

11.2 

Furniture

40.6 

41.0 

Equipment

308.8 

293.4 

Computer software

342.5 

295.5 

Leasehold improvements

94.6 

63.6 

Total Property and equipment

797.7 

704.7 

Less accumulated depreciation

(425.0) 

(357.6) 

Property and equipment, net

372.7 

347.1 

Depreciation expense for our continuing operations in 2010, 2009 and 2008 was 91.9 million,
 62.4 million, and 60.9 million, respectively. Internally developed software, net of accumulated
depreciation, for our continuing operations was 72.9 million and 60.2 million at December 31,
2010 and 2009, respectively. We capitalized 34.2 million of internally developed software during
2010.

In July 2004, we entered into a capital lease with the Camden County Joint Development
Authority in association with the development of our Patient Care Contact Center in St. Marys,
Georgia (see Note 12 Commitments and contingencies).

Under certain of our operating leases for facilities in which we operate home delivery and
specialty pharmacies, we are required to remove improvements and equipment upon surrender of the
property to the landlord and convert the facilities back to office space. Our asset retirement
obligation for our continuing operations was 5.5 million at both December 31, 2010 and 2009.

In the fourth quarter of 2010, we announced our intent to cease fulfilling prescriptions from
our home delivery dispensing pharmacy in Bensalem, Pennsylvania, effective in the first quarter of
2011. We currently intend to maintain the location and all necessary permits and licenses to be
able to utilize the facility for business continuity planning purposes. We also maintain a
non-dispensing order processing facility in the Bensalem, Pennsylvania area, which will remain
operational. Based on our assessments of potential use and our intents for this location, we
consider the Bensalem dispensing pharmacy facility to be temporarily idle, and have not modified
the method or useful life used to depreciate the related assets.

57 

Table of Contents 

7. Goodwill and other intangibles 

The following is a summary of our goodwill and other intangible assets (amounts in millions):

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Gross Carrying 

Accumulated 

Net 

Gross Carrying 

Accumulated 

Net 

Amount 

Amortization 

Carrying Amount 

Amount 

Amortization 

Carrying Amount 

Goodwill

PBM

5,461.3 

(107.4) 

5,353.9 

5,472.1 

(107.3) 

5,364.8 

EM

132.3 

132.3 

132.3 

132.3 

5,593.6 

(107.4) 

5,486.2 

5,604.4 

(107.3) 

5,497.1 

Other intangible assets

PBM

Customer contracts

2,018.7 

(346.4) 

1,672.3 

2,018.3 

(197.8) 

1,820.5 

Other (1) 

20.8 

(5.0) 

15.8 

27.9 

(10.9) 

17.0 

2,039.5 

(351.4) 

1,688.1 

2,046.2 

(208.7) 

1,837.5 

EM

Customer relationships

68.4 

(32.2) 

36.2 

68.4 

(25.8) 

42.6 

Other

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

69.1 

(32.2) 

36.9 

69.1 

(25.8) 

43.3 

Total other intangible assets

2,108.6 

(383.6) 

1,725.0 

2,115.3 

(234.5) 

1,880.8 

(1) 
 
 Changes in other intangible assets are a result of the write-off of 11.0 million
of deferred financing fees related to the credit facility terminated during 2010 and the
capitalization of 3.9 million of deferred financing fees related to the new credit
facility (see Note 8 Financing). 

The change in the net carrying value of goodwill by business segment is shown in the
following table:

(in millions) 
 
 PBM 

EM 3 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2008

2,726.7 

132.3 

2,859.0 

Acquisitions 1 

2,686.7 

2,686.7 

Foreign currency translation and other

(48.6) 

(48.6) 

Balance at December 31, 2009

5,364.8 

132.3 

5,497.1 

Adjustment to purchase price
allocation 2 

(17.8) 

(17.8) 

Foreign currency translation and other

6.9 

6.9 

Balance at December 31, 2010

5,353.9 

132.3 

5,486.2 

(1) 
 
 Represents the acquisition of NextRx in December 2009. 

(2) 
 
 Represents adjustments to purchase price, including settlement of working
capital adjustment. 

(3) 
 
 Excludes discontinued operations of PMG. 

The aggregate amount of amortization expense of other intangible assets for our
continuing operations was 159.8 million, 114.6 million and 35.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Amortization expense for the year ended December
31, 2009 includes 66.3 million of fees incurred, recorded in interest expense in the consolidated
statement of operations, related to the termination of the bridge loan for the financing of the
NextRx acquisition. Additionally, in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, amortization
of 114.0 million and 9.5 million for customer contracts related to the PBM agreement has been
included as an offset to revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The
future aggregate amount of amortization expense of other intangible assets for our continuing
operations is expected to be approximately 158.8 million for 2011, 158.1 million for 2012, 156.9
million for 2013, 151.3 million for 2014 and 133.1 million for 2015. The weighted average
amortization period of intangible assets subject to amortization is 15 years in total, and by major
intangible class is 5 to 20 years for customer-related intangibles and 3 to 10 years for other
intangible assets.

In connection with the discontinued operations of PMG (see Note 4 Discontinued operations)
and pursuant to our policies for assessing impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets (see Note 1
 Summary of significant accounting policies), approximately 22.1 million of goodwill was written
off in the second quarter of 2010 along with intangible assets with a net book value of 1.7
million (gross carrying value of 5.7 million net of accumulated amortization of 4.0 million),
consisting of trade names and customer relationships. The impairment
charge is included in the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax line
item in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statement of operations.

58 

Table of Contents 

8. Financing 

Long-term debt consists of:

December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

5.25 senior notes due 2012, net of unamortized
discount

999.6 

999.4 

6.25 senior notes due 2014, net of unamortized
discount

996.9 

996.1 

7.25 senior notes due 2019, net of unamortized
discount

497.1 

496.8 

Term-1 loans due October 14, 2010

800.0 

Term A loans due October 14, 2010

540.0 

Revolving credit facility due August 13, 2013

Other

0.2 

0.3 

Total debt

2,493.8 

3,832.6 

Less current maturities

0.1 

1,340.1 

Long-term debt

2,493.7 

2,492.5 

On August 13, 2010, we entered into a credit agreement with a commercial bank syndicate
providing for a three-year revolving credit facility of 750.0 million. In connection with entering
into the credit agreement, we terminated in full the revolving facility under our prior credit
agreement, entered into October 14, 2005 and due October 14, 2010. There was no outstanding balance
in our prior revolving credit facility upon termination.

During 2010, we repaid the Term A and Term-1 loans in full. We made total Term loan payments
of 1,340.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. At December 31, 2010, our credit
agreement consists of a 750.0 million revolving credit facility (none of which was outstanding as
of December 31, 2010) available for general corporate purposes.

The new credit agreement requires us to pay interest periodically on the London Interbank
Offered Rates LIBOR or base rate options, plus a margin. The margin over LIBOR will range from
1.55 to 1.95 , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Under the credit agreement we are
required to pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the 750.0 million revolving credit
facility. The commitment fee will range from 0.20 to 0.30 depending on our consolidated leverage
ratio. Financing costs of 3.9 million related to the new credit facility are being amortized over
three years and are reflected in other intangible assets, net in the accompanying unaudited
consolidated balance sheet.

The credit agreement contains covenants which limit our ability to incur additional
indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, and engage in mergers, consolidations, or
disposals. The covenants also include a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage
ratio. At December 31, 2010, we believe we were in compliance in all material respects with all
covenants associated with our credit agreement.

On June 9, 2009, we issued 2.5 billion of Senior Notes, including 1.0 billion aggregate
principal amount of 5.250 Senior Notes due 2012; 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.250 
Senior Notes due 2014 and 500 million aggregate principal amount of 7.250 Senior Notes due 2019.
The Senior Notes require interest to be paid semi-annually on June 15 and December 15.
We may redeem some or all of each series of Senior Notes prior to maturity at a price equal to the
greater of (1) 100 of the aggregate principal amount of any notes being redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest; or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest on the notes being redeemed, not including unpaid interest accrued to the
redemption date, discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis at the treasury rate plus
50 basis points with respect to any notes being redeemed, plus in each case, unpaid interest on the
notes being redeemed accrued to the redemption date. The Senior Notes are jointly and severally
and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by most of our current and
future 100 owned domestic subsidiaries.

Financing costs of 13.3 million, for the issuance of the Senior Notes, are being amortized
over an average weighted period of 5.2 years and are reflected in other intangible assets, net in
the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. We used the net proceeds for the acquisition of WellPoint s NextRx PBM
Business (see Note 3 Changes in business).

59 

Table of Contents 

We entered into a commitment letter with a syndicate of commercial banks for an unsecured,
364-day, 2.5 billion term loan credit facility in order to finance the NextRx acquisition. Upon
completion of the public offering of common stock and debt securities, we terminated the credit
facility and incurred 56.3 million in fees and incurred an additional 10.0 million in fees upon
the completion of the acquisition.

The following represents the schedule of current maturities for our long-term debt as of
December 31, 2010 (amounts in millions):

Year Ended December 31, 

2011

0.1 

2012

1,000.1 

2013

0.1 

2014

1,000.0 

2015

Thereafter

500.0 

2,500.3 

9. Income taxes 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes of 1,908.7 million resulted in net tax
expense of 704.1 million for 2010. We consider our Canadian earnings to be indefinitely
reinvested, and accordingly have not recorded a provision for United States federal and state
income taxes thereon. Cumulative undistributed Canadian earnings for which United States taxes
have not been provided are included in consolidated retained earnings in the amount of 43.7
million, 40.6 million and 31.5 million as of December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively.
Upon distribution of such earnings, we would be subject to United States income taxes of
approximately 15.8 million.

The provision (benefit) for income taxes for continuing operations consists of the following:

Year Ended December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

Income from continuing operations
before income taxes:

United States

1,918.2 

1,312.4 

1,215.7 

Foreign

(9.5) 

(4.0) 

(8.3) 

Total

1,908.7 

1,308.4 

1,207.4 

Current provision:

Federal

545.8 

407.7 

379.4 

State

40.3 

25.6 

17.6 

Foreign

0.1 

(1.8) 

0.9 

Total current provision

586.2 

431.5 

397.9 

Deferred provision:

Federal

113.1 

43.0 

38.6 

State

4.5 

3.9 

(2.1) 

Foreign

0.3 

3.4 

(2.9) 

Total deferred provision

117.9 

50.3 

33.6 

Total current and deferred provision

704.1 

481.8 

431.5 

A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate and the effective tax rate follows
(the effect of foreign taxes on the effective tax rate for 2010, 2009, and 2008 is immaterial):

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Statutory federal income tax rate

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

State taxes, net of federal benefit

1.7 

1.7 

0.7 

Other, net

0.2 

0.1 

Effective tax rate

36.9 

36.8 

35.7 

60 

Table of Contents 

Our effective tax rate increased to 36.9 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to
36.8 for the year ended December 31, 2009. Our 2010 and 2009 effective tax rates reflect an
increase in certain state income tax rates due to enacted law changes as well as the impact of our
acquisition of NextRx. Our 2008 effective rate includes discrete tax adjustments resulting in a
net tax benefit of 7.7 million attributable to lapses in the applicable statutes of limitations,
favorable audit resolutions, and changes in our unrecognized tax benefits.

The effective tax rate recognized in discontinued operations was 35.5 , 68.8 , and 95.9 as of
December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. Our 2010 net tax benefit was 12.9 million, with
corresponding tax provisions of 1.8 million in 2009 and 2.8 million in 2008. Our 2009 effective
tax rate reflects the impact of changes in state effective rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities while the 2008 effective tax rate reflects the unfavorable impact of valuation
allowances recorded against state net operating loss carryforwards.

The deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities recorded in our consolidated balance
sheet are as follows:

December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

Deferred tax assets:

Allowance for doubtful accounts

17.7 

25.6 

Net operating loss carryforwards and other tax
attributes

34.8 

24.6 

Deferred compensation

5.6 

3.4 

Restricted stock

38.5 

34.6 

Accrued expenses

73.6 

114.0 

Other

3.4 

2.9 

Gross deferred tax assets

173.6 

205.1 

Less valuation allowance

(23.2) 

(16.1) 

Net deferred tax assets

150.4 

189.0 

Deferred tax liabilities:

Depreciation and property differences

(71.1) 

(42.1) 

Goodwill and customer contract amortization

(438.0) 

(367.9) 

Prepaids

(1.4) 

(1.5) 

Other

(2.8) 

(4.1) 

Gross deferred tax liabilities

(513.3) 

(415.6) 

Net deferred tax liabilities

(362.9) 

(226.6) 

As of December 31, 2010, we have 29.3 million of state net operating loss carryforwards which
expire between 2011 and 2030. A valuation allowance of 19.1 million exists for a portion of these
deferred tax assets. The net current deferred tax asset is 86.0 million and 135.0 million, and
the net long-term deferred tax liability, included in other liabilities, is 448.9 million and
 361.6 million as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively.

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:

(in millions) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

Balance at January 1

56.1 

40.4 

28.4 

Additions for tax positions related to prior years

7.4 

11.1 

7.9 

Reductions for tax positions related to prior years

(5.0) 

(2.2) 

Additions for tax positions related to the current year

12.9 

9.2 

Reductions for tax positions related to the current year

(1.8) 

Reductions attributable to settlements with taxing authorities

(0.2) 

(2.1) 

Reductions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations

(0.3) 

(5.9) 

(3.0) 

Balance at December 31

56.4 

56.1 

40.4 

Included in our unrecognized tax benefits are 15.9 million of uncertain tax positions that
would impact our effective tax rate if recognized.

61 

Table of Contents 

We have recorded 2.4 million, 0.7 million, and 0.9 million of interest and penalties in our
consolidated statement of operations as of December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively,
resulting in 8.1 million and 5.7 million of accrued interest and penalties in our consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Interest was computed on the
difference between the tax position recognized in accordance with accounting guidance and the
amount previously taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns.

Our U.S. federal income tax returns for tax years 2005 and beyond remain subject to
examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). The IRS commenced an examination of our
consolidated 2005 2007 federal income tax returns in the third quarter of 2009 that is
anticipated to be concluded in 2011. We agreed to extend the statute of limitations for our 2005
and 2006 federal income tax returns to September 15, 2011. Our state income tax returns for 2005
and beyond, as well as certain returns prior to 2005, also remain subject to examination by various
state authorities with the latest statute expiring on December 31, 2014.

10. Common stock (reflecting the two-for-one stock split effective June 8, 2010) 

On May 5, 2010, we announced a two-for-one stock split for stockholders of record on May 21,
2010 effective June 8, 2010. The split was effected in the form of a dividend by issuance of one
additional share of common stock for each share of common stock outstanding. The earnings per share
and the weighted average number of shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share for
each period have been adjusted for the stock split.

On June 10, 2009, we completed a public offering of 52.9 million shares of common stock, which
includes 6.9 million shares sold as a result of the underwriters exercise of their overallotment
option in full at closing, at a price of 30.50 per share. The sale resulted in net proceeds of
 1,569.1 million after giving effect to the underwriting discount and issuance costs of 44.4
million. We used the net proceeds for the acquisition of WellPoint s NextRx PBM Business (see Note
3 Changes in business).

We have a stock repurchase program, originally announced on October 25, 1996. In 2008, our
Board of Directors authorized total increases in the program of 30.0 million shares. Treasury
shares are carried at first in, first out cost. There is no limit on the duration of the program.
During the year ended December 31, 2010, we repurchased 26.9 million treasury shares for 1,276.2
million. As of December 31, 2010, there are 15.1 million shares remaining under this program.
Additional share repurchases, if any, will be made in such amounts and at such times as we deem
appropriate based upon prevailing market and business conditions and other factors.

Through December 31, 2010, approximately 41.3 million shares of treasury stock have been
reissued in connection with employee compensation plans. As of December 31, 2010, approximately
22.7 million shares of our common stock have been reserved for employee benefit plans (see Note 11
 Employee benefit plans and stock-based compensation plans).

Preferred Share Purchase Rights . In July 2001 our Board of Directors adopted a stockholder
rights plan which declared a dividend of one right for each outstanding share of our common stock.
The rights plan will expire on July 25, 2011. The rights are currently represented by our common
stock certificates. When the rights become exercisable, they will entitle each holder to purchase
1/1,000th of a share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock for an exercise price of
 300 (subject to adjustment). The rights will become exercisable and will trade separately from
the common stock only upon the tenth day after a public announcement that a person, entity or group Person has acquired 15 or more of our outstanding common stock Acquiring Person or ten
days after the commencement or public announcement of a tender or exchange offer which would result
in any Person becoming an Acquiring Person; provided that any Person who beneficially owned 15 or
more of our common stock as of the date of the rights plan will not become an Acquiring Person so
long as such Person does not become the beneficial owner of additional shares representing 2 or
more of our outstanding shares of common stock. In the event that any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person, the rights will be exercisable for our common stock with a market value (as determined
under the rights plan) equal to twice the exercise price. In the event that, after any Person
becomes an Acquiring Person, we engage in certain mergers, consolidations, or sales of assets
representing 50 or more of our assets or earning power with an Acquiring Person (or Persons acting
on behalf of or in concert with an Acquiring Person), the rights will be exercisable for common
stock of the acquiring or surviving company with a market value (as determined under the rights
plan) equal to twice the exercise price. The rights will not be exercisable by any Acquiring
Person. The rights are redeemable at a price of 0.01 per right prior to any Person becoming an
Acquiring Person.

62 

Table of Contents 

11. Employee benefit plans and stock-based compensation plans (reflecting the two-for-one stock
split effective June 8, 2010) 

Retirement savings plan. We sponsor retirement savings plans under Section 401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code for all of our full-time employees. Employees may elect to enter into a
written salary deferral agreement under which a maximum of 15 to 25 of their salary, subject to
aggregate limits required under the Internal Revenue Code, may be contributed to the plan. We
match 200 of the first 1 and 100 of the next 3 of the employees compensation contributed to
the Plan for substantially all employees. For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008,
we had contribution expense of approximately 26.8 million, 22.0 million and 19.7 million,
respectively.

Employee stock purchase plan. We offer an employee stock purchase plan that qualifies under
Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code and permits all employees, excluding certain management
level employees, to purchase shares of our common stock. Participating employees may contribute up
to 10 of their salary to purchase common stock at the end of each monthly participation period at
a purchase price equal to 95 of the fair market value of our common stock on the last business day
of the participation period. During 2010, 2009 and 2008, approximately 217,000, 260,000 and
236,000 shares of our common stock were issued under the plan, respectively. Our common stock
reserved for future employee purchases under the plan is approximately 2.6 million shares at
December 31, 2010.

Deferred compensation plan. We maintain a non-qualified deferred compensation plan (the
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan that provides benefits payable to eligible key employees at
retirement, termination or death. Benefit payments are funded by a combination of contributions
from participants and us. Participants may elect to defer up to 50 of their base earnings and
100 of specific bonus awards. Participants become fully vested in our contributions on the third
anniversary of the end of the plan year for which the contribution is credited to their account.
For 2010, our contribution was equal to 6 of each qualified participant s total annual
compensation, with 25 being allocated as a hypothetical investment in our common stock and the
remaining being allocated to a variety of investment options. We have chosen to fund our liability
for this plan through investments in trading securities, which primarily consist of mutual funds
(see Note 1). We incurred net compensation expense (benefit) of approximately 1.5 million, (0.6)
million and 1.8 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively. At December 31, 2010,
approximately 5.9 million shares of our common stock have been reserved for future issuance under
the plan. We have 0.3 million of unearned compensation related to unvested shares that are part
of our deferred compensation plan at both December 31, 2010 and 2009.

Stock-based compensation plans. In August 2000, the Board of Directors adopted the
Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan which was subsequently amended in February 2001
and again in December 2001 (as amended, the 2000 LTIP ), which provides for the grant of various
equity awards with various terms to our officers, Board of Directors and key employees selected by
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The 2000 LTIP, as then amended, was approved
by our stockholders in May 2001 and, as amended, in 2006. Under the 2000 LTIP, we have issued
stock options, stock-settled stock appreciation rights SSRs ), restricted stock units, restricted
stock awards and performance share awards. Awards are typically settled using treasury shares. As
of December 31, 2010, approximately 14.2 million shares of our common stock are available for
issuance under this plan. The maximum term of stock options, SSRs, restricted stock and
performance shares granted under the 2000 LTIP is 10 years.

During 2010, we granted to certain officers and employees approximately 277,000 restricted
stock units and performance shares with a weighted average fair market value of 49.59. The
restricted stock units have three-year graded vesting and the performance shares cliff vest at the
end of three years. Prior to vesting, these shares are subject to forfeiture to us without
consideration upon termination of employment under certain circumstances. The original value of
the performance share grants is subject to a multiplier of up to 2.5 based on certain performance
metrics. During 2010, approximately 213,000 additional performance shares were granted to certain
officers for exceeding certain performance metrics. The total number of non-vested restricted
stock and performance share awards was 950,000 and 1,200,000 at December 31, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. Unearned compensation relating to these awards is amortized to non-cash compensation
expense over the estimated vesting periods. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, unearned
compensation related to restricted stock and performance shares was 16.5 million and 16.7
million, respectively. We recorded pre-tax compensation expense related to restricted stock and
performance share grants of 17.5 million, 16.2 million and 16.3 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008,
respectively.

63 

Table of Contents 

During 2010, we granted to certain officers and employees approximately 2,499,000 stock
options with a weighted average Black-Scholes value of 15.97 per share. The SSRs and stock
options have three-year graded vesting. Due to the nature of the awards, we use the same valuation
methods and accounting treatments for SSRs and stock options. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009,
unearned compensation related to SSRs and stock options was 23.9 million and 21.7 million,
respectively. We recorded pre-tax compensation expense related to SSRs and stock options of 32.1
million, 28.6 million and 23.8 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008, respectively.

The provisions of the 2000 LTIP allow employees to use shares to cover tax withholding on
stock awards. Upon vesting of restricted stock and performance shares, employees have taxable
income subject to statutory withholding requirements. The number of shares issued to employees may
be reduced by the number of shares having a market value equal to our minimum statutory withholding
for federal, state and local tax purposes.

As a result of the Board s adoption and stockholder approval of the 2000 LTIP, no additional
awards will be granted under either our 1992 amended and restated stock option plan or under our
1994 amended and restated stock option plan. All remaining grants outstanding under these plans
were exercised during 2010, therefore no grants remain outstanding under these plans as of December
31, 2010.

The weighted average remaining recognition period for SSRs and stock options as well as
restricted stock and performance shares is 1.4 years.

For the year ended December 31, 2010, the windfall tax benefit related to stock options
exercised during the year was 58.9 million, and is classified as a financing cash inflow on the
consolidated statement of cash flows. The tax benefit related to employee stock compensation
recognized during the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 was 18.1 million, 16.6
million, and 14.3 million, respectively.

The fair value of options and SSRs granted is estimated on the date of grant using a
Black-Scholes multiple option-pricing model with the following assumptions:

2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 

Expected life of option

3-5 years 
 
 3-5 years 
 
 3-5 years 

Risk-free interest rate

0.5 -2.4 

1.3 -2.4 

1.6 -3.4 

Expected volatility of stock

36 -41 

35 -39 

30 -37 

Expected dividend yield

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Weighted average volatility of stock

38.4 

37.5 

30.0 

The Black-Scholes model requires subjective assumptions, including future stock price
volatility and expected time to exercise, which greatly affect the calculated values. The expected
term and forfeiture rate of options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercises
and post-vesting employment termination behavior, as well as expected behavior on outstanding
options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rates in effect during the corresponding
period of grant. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price.
These factors could change in the future, which would affect the stock-based compensation expense
in future periods.

A summary of the status of stock options and SSRs as of December 31, 2010, and changes during
the year ended December 31, 2010, is presented below.

2010 

Weighted- 

Average 

Exercise 

(share data in millions) 
 
 Shares 

Price 

Outstanding at beginning of year

16.4 

20.77 

Granted

2.5 

49.55 

Exercised

(5.1) 

15.44 

Forfeited/cancelled

(0.5) 

29.92 

Outstanding at end of period

13.3 

27.83 

Awards exercisable at period end

7.1 

21.75 

64 

Table of Contents 

A summary of the status of restricted stock and performance shares as of December 31, 2010,
and changes during the year ended December 31, 2010, is presented below.

2010 

Weighted- 

Average 

Grant 

(share data in millions) 
 
 Shares 

Date Fair Value 

Outstanding at beginning of year

1.2 

23.66 

Granted

0.3 

49.59 

Other (1) 

0.2 

49.34 

Released

(0.7) 

15.10 

Forfeited/Cancelled

Outstanding at end of period

1.0 

(1) 
 
 Represents additional performance shares issued above the original value for
exceeding certain performance metrics. 

At December 31, 2010, the weighted-average remaining contractual lives of stock options
and SSRs outstanding and stock options and SSRs exercisable were 4.2 years and 3.1 years,
respectively, and the aggregate intrinsic value (the amount by which the market value of the
underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option) of shares outstanding and shares
exercisable was 348.6 million and 229.5 million, respectively. Cash proceeds, fair value of
vested shares, intrinsic value related to total stock options exercised and restricted shares
vested, and weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December
31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 are provided in the following table:

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 2010 

2009 

2008 

Proceeds from stock options exercised

38.2 

9.4 

27.7 

Fair value of vested restricted shares

10.5 

12.4 

4.3 

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

123.7 

48.8 

41.7 

Weighted average fair value of options
granted during the year

15.97 

7.27 

8.94 

12. Commitments and contingencies 

We have entered into noncancellable agreements to lease certain office and distribution
facilities with remaining terms from one to ten years. The majority of our lease agreements
include renewal options which would extend the agreements from one to five years. Rental expense
under the office and distribution facilities leases, excluding the discontinued operations of PMG
and IP (see Note 4 Discontinued operations), in 2010, 2009, and 2008 was 40.3 million, 27.8
million and 28.8 million, respectively. The future minimum lease payments due under
noncancellable operating leases, excluding the facilities of the discontinued operations of PMG and
IP (in millions) are shown below:

Minimum Lease 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Payments 

2011

35.9 

2012

29.5 

2013

27.3 

2014

24.3 

2015

23.3 

Thereafter

55.8 

196.1 

In December 2010, we announced our intent to build a new office facility in St. Louis,
Missouri to consolidate our St. Louis presence onto our Headquarters campus. We signed a lease
agreement in January 2011 for this facility and expect completion in the fourth quarter of 2011.
The annual lease commitments for this facility are approximately 3.4 million and the term of the
lease is ten years.

65 

Table of Contents 

We signed a lease agreement during 2009 for a new state of the art pharmacy fulfillment
facility. We took possession of this new facility during the second quarter of 2010. The annual
lease commitments for this facility are approximately 1.6 million and the term of the lease is ten
years.

In July 2004, we entered into a capital lease with the Camden County Joint Development
Authority in association with the development of our Patient Care Contact Center in St. Marys,
Georgia. At December 31, 2010, our lease obligation was 5.8 million. Our lease obligation has
been offset against 5.8 million of industrial bonds issued by the Camden County Joint Development
Authority.

For the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 60.5 of our pharmaceutical purchases were
through one wholesaler. We believe other alternative sources are readily available. Except for
customer concentration described in Note 13 Segment information below, we believe no other
concentration risks exist at December 31, 2010.

As of December 31, 2010, we have certain required future purchase commitments for materials,
supplies, services and fixed assets related to the normal course of business. We do not expect
potential payments under these provisions to materially affect results of operations or financial
condition based upon reasonably likely outcomes derived by reference to historical experience and
current business plans. These future purchase commitments (in millions) are summarized below:

Future 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Purchase Commitment 

| 

2011

90.1 

2012

57.0 

2013

18.8 

2014

13.7 

2015

0.4 

Thereafter

180.0 

In the ordinary course of business there have arisen various legal proceedings, investigations
or claims now pending against us or our subsidiaries. The effect of these actions on future
financial results is not subject to reasonable estimation because considerable uncertainty exists
about the outcomes.

We record self-insurance accruals based upon estimates of the aggregate liability of claim
costs in excess of our insurance coverage which are probable and estimable. Accruals are estimated
using certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and our historical
experience (see Note 1, Self-insurance accruals ). The majority of these claims are legal claims
and our liability estimate is primarily related to the cost to defend these claims. We do not
accrue for settlements, judgments, monetary fines or penalties until such amounts are probable and
estimable. Under authoritative FASB guidance, if the range of possible loss is broad, and no
amount within the range is more likely than any other, the liability accrual is based on the lower
end of the range.

While we believe our services and business practices are in compliance with applicable laws,
rules and regulations in all material respects, we cannot predict the outcome of these claims at
this time. An unfavorable outcome in one or more of these matters could result in the imposition
of judgments, monetary fines or penalties, or injunctive or administrative remedies. We can give
no assurance that such judgments, fines and remedies, and future costs associated with any such
matters, would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, our consolidated
results of operations or our consolidated cash flows.

We received a 15.0 million insurance recovery in the second quarter of 2009 for previously
incurred litigation costs. We incurred a charge of 35.0 million in the third quarter of 2009
related to the settlement of a lawsuit brought against us and one of our subsidiaries, which
settlement resulted in the dismissal of the case by the court on October 22, 2009.

13. Segment information 

We report segments on the basis of services offered and have determined we have two reportable
segments: PBM and EM. Our domestic and Canadian PBM operating segments have similar
characteristics and as such have been aggregated into a single PBM reporting segment.

66 

Table of Contents 

Operating income is the measure used by our chief operating decision maker to assess the
performance of each of our operating segments. The following table presents information about our
reportable segments, including a reconciliation of operating income from continuing operations to
income before income taxes from continuing operations for the respective years ended December 31.

(in millions) 
 
 PBM 

EM 

Total 

2010 

Product revenues:

Network revenues

30,147.8 

30,147.8 

Home delivery and specialty revenues

13,199.2 

13,199.2 

Other revenues

1,352.9 

1,352.9 

Service revenues

260.9 

12.4 

273.3 

Total revenues

43,607.9 

1,365.3 

44,973.2 

Depreciation and amortization expense

236.7 

8.0 

244.7 

Operating income

2,054.4 

16.5 

2,070.9 

Interest income

4.9 

Interest expense

(167.1) 

Income before income taxes

1,908.7 

Capital expenditures

116.4 

3.5 

119.9 

2009 

Product revenues:

Network revenues

15,019.3 

15,019.3 

Home delivery and specialty revenues

8,182.9 

8,182.9 

Other revenues

1,243.0 

1,243.0 

Service revenues

264.7 

12.4 

277.1 

Total revenues

23,466.9 

1,255.4 

24,722.3 

Depreciation and amortization expense

98.1 

8.6 

106.7 

Operating income

1,483.9 

13.6 

1,497.5 

Interest income

5.3 

Interest expense

(194.4) 

Income before income taxes

1,308.4 

Capital expenditures

145.0 

2.5 

147.5 

2008 

Product revenues:

Network revenues

13,039.9 

13,039.9 

Home delivery and specialty revenues

7,280.6 

7,280.6 

Other revenues

1,357.2 

1,357.2 

Service revenues

250.4 

13.1 

263.5 

Total revenues

20,570.9 

1,370.3 

21,941.2 

Depreciation and amortization expense

85.9 

8.2 

94.1 

Operating income

1,267.1 

7.2 

1,274.3 

Non-operating charges, net

(2.0) 

Undistributed loss from joint venture

(0.3) 

Interest income

13.0 

Interest expense

(77.6) 

Income before income taxes

1,207.4 

Capital expenditures

83.7 

0.1 

83.8 

67 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents balance sheet information about our reportable segments,
including the discontinued operations of PMG and IP DISC OP ), as of December 31:

(in millions) 
 
 PBM 

EM 

DISC OP 

Total 

Total Assets 

As of December 31, 2010

10,078.4 

479.4 

10,557.8 

As of December 31, 2009

11,560.3 

334.5 

36.4 

11,931.2 

PBM product revenues consist of revenues from the sale of prescription drugs by retail
pharmacies in our retail pharmacy networks, revenues from the dispensing of prescription drugs from
our home delivery pharmacies and distribution of certain specialty drugs. EM product revenues
consist of distribution of certain fertility drugs and revenues from specialty distribution
activities. PBM service revenues include administrative fees associated with the administration of
retail pharmacy networks contracted by certain clients, informed decision counseling services, and
specialty distribution services. EM service revenues include revenues from healthcare card
administration.

Our top five clients collectively represented 55.2 , 23.7 , and 18.2 of revenues during 2010,
2009 and 2008 respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2010, our two largest clients,
WellPoint and the DoD, represented 29.2 and 19.7 of revenues, respectively. None of our other
clients accounted for 10 or more of our consolidated revenues during the year ended December 31,
2010. None of our clients accounted for 10 or more of our consolidated revenues in fiscal years
2009 or 2008.

Revenues earned by our Canadian PBM totaled 52.2 million, 49.2 million and 44.5 million for
the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. All other revenues are earned in
the United States. Long-lived assets of our Canadian PBM (consisting primarily of fixed assets)
totaled 16.7 million and 15.2 million as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. All other
long-lived assets are domiciled in the United States.

14. Quarterly financial data (unaudited) 

The following is a presentation of our unaudited quarterly financial data:

Quarters 

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 First (3) 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Fiscal 2010 (1) 

Total revenues (2) 

11,138.4 

11,288.8 

11,251.8 

11,294.2 

Cost of revenues (2) 

10,475.2 

10,531.3 

10,487.7 

10,520.8 

Gross profit

663.2 

757.5 

764.1 

773.4 

Selling, general and administrative

208.5 

227.2 

236.1 

215.5 

Operating income

454.7 

530.3 

528.0 

557.9 

Net income from continuing operations

260.6 

307.3 

307.1 

329.6 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

(0.4) 

(17.4) 

(5.6) 

Net income

260.2 

289.9 

301.5 

329.6 

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

0.47 

0.56 

0.58 

0.62 

Discontinued operations

(0.03) 

(0.01) 

Net earnings

0.47 

0.53 

0.57 

0.62 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

0.47 

0.56 

0.57 

0.62 

Discontinued operations

(0.03) 

(0.01) 

Net earnings

0.47 

0.53 

0.56 

0.62 

68 

Table of Contents 

Quarters 

(in millions, except per share data) 
 
 First (3) 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Fiscal 2009 (1) (3) 

Total revenues (2) 

5,415.5 

5,496.8 

5,613.0 

8,197.0 

Cost of revenues (2) 

4,882.9 

4,904.2 

5,001.9 

7,509.3 

Gross profit

532.6 

592.6 

611.1 

687.7 

Selling, general and administrative

177.3 

212.4 

252.7 

284.1 

Operating income

355.3 

380.2 

358.4 

403.6 

Net income from continuing operations

214.6 

192.1 

196.8 

223.1 

Net (loss) income from discontinued
operations, net of tax

(0.2) 

0.2 

0.8 

0.2 

Net income

214.4 

192.3 

197.6 

223.3 

Basic earnings per share:

Continuing operations

0.43 

0.37 

0.36 

0.41 

Discontinued operations

Net earnings

0.43 

0.37 

0.36 

0.41 

Diluted earnings per share:

Continuing operations

0.43 

0.37 

0.35 

0.40 

Discontinued operations

Net earnings

0.43 

0.37 

0.36 

0.40 

(1) 
 
 Includes the December 1, 2009 acquisition of NextRx. 

(2) 
 
 Includes retail pharmacy co-payments of 1,662.6 and 822.7 for the three months ended
March 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, 1,547.3 and 721.1 for the three months ended June
30, 2010 and 2009, respectively, 1,478.5 and 708.4 for the three months ended September
30, 2010 and 2009, respectively, and 1,493.0 and 879.9 for the three months ended
December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

(3) 
 
 Restated to exclude the discontinued operations of PMG 

15. Condensed consolidating financial information 

Our senior notes are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our
100 owned domestic subsidiaries, other than certain regulated subsidiaries including Express
Scripts Insurance Company. The following condensed consolidating financial information has been
prepared in accordance with the requirements for presentation of such information. Effective
September 17, 2010, PMG was sold, effective June 30, 2008, IP was sold and effective April 4, 2008,
Custom Medical Products, Inc. CMP was sold. The assets, liabilities, and operations from these
former subsidiaries are included as discontinued operations in those of the non-guarantors.
Subsequent to the acquisition of NextRx on December 1, 2009 and Pharmacy Services Division of MSC
 Medical Services Company MSC on July 22, 2008, certain of the assets, liabilities and
operations of the 100 owned domestic subsidiaries have been included in those of the guarantors.
Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current period
presentation. The following presents the condensed consolidating financial information separately
for:

(i) 
 
 Express Scripts, Inc. (the Parent Company), the issuer of the guaranteed obligations; 

(ii) 
 
 Guarantor subsidiaries, on a combined basis, as specified in the indentures related to
Express Scripts obligations under the notes; 

(iii) 
 
 Non-guarantor subsidiaries, on a combined basis; 

(iv) 
 
 Consolidating entries and eliminations representing adjustments to (a) eliminate
intercompany transactions between or among the Parent Company, the guarantor subsidiaries
and the non-guarantor subsidiaries, (b) eliminate the investments in our subsidiaries and
(c) record consolidating entries; and

(v) 
 
 Express Scripts, Inc and subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

69 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 

Express 

Non- 

(in millions) 
 
 Scripts, Inc. 

Guarantors 

Guarantors 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

As of December 31, 2010 

Cash and cash equivalents

456.7 

9.0 

58.0 

523.7 

Restricted cash and investments

11.7 

4.6 

16.3 

Receivables, net

1,175.6 

536.2 

9.1 

1,720.9 

Other current assets

249.0 

396.0 

35.4 

680.4 

Total current assets

1,881.3 

952.9 

107.1 

2,941.3 

Property and equipment, net

231.5 

127.2 

14.0 

372.7 

Investments in subsidiaries

6,382.2 

(6,382.2) 

Intercompany

3,214.0 

(3,214.0) 

Goodwill

2,921.4 

2,538.8 

26.0 

5,486.2 

Other intangible assets, net

1,426.2 

294.8 

4.0 

1,725.0 

Other assets

20.6 

10.1 

1.9 

32.6 

Total assets

12,863.2 

7,137.8 

153.0 

(9,596.2) 

10,557.8 

Claims and rebates payable

2,664.9 

1.6 

2,666.5 

Accounts payable

634.4 

17.7 

4.6 

656.7 

Accrued expenses

288.7 

294.5 

10.7 

593.9 

Current maturities of long-term debt

0.1 

0.1 

Total current liabilities

3,588.0 

313.9 

15.3 

3,917.2 

Long-term debt

2,493.7 

2,493.7 

Intercompany

3,094.8 

119.2 

(3,214.0) 

Other liabilities

80.1 

455.5 

4.7 

540.3 

Stockholders equity

3,606.6 

6,368.4 

13.8 

(6,382.2) 

3,606.6 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

12,863.2 

7,137.8 

153.0 

(9,596.2) 

10,557.8 

As of December 31, 2009 

Cash and cash equivalents

1,005.0 

10.0 

55.4 

1,070.4 

Restricted cash and investments

7.5 

1.6 

9.1 

Receivables, net

1,179.8 

1,326.7 

9.9 

2,516.4 

Other current assets

196.0 

340.6 

5.6 

542.2 

Current assets of discontinued operations

5.4 

5.4 

Total current assets

2,380.8 

1,684.8 

77.9 

4,143.5 

Property and equipment, net

239.6 

96.5 

11.0 

347.1 

Investments in subsidiaries

5,970.2 

(5,970.2) 

Intercompany

2,500.2 

(2,500.2) 

Goodwill

2,939.2 

2,533.1 

24.8 

5,497.1 

Other intangible assets, net

1,543.9 

332.6 

4.3 

1,880.8 

Other assets

21.3 

8.5 

1.9 

31.7 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations

31.0 

31.0 

Total assets

13,095.0 

7,155.7 

150.9 

(8,470.4) 

11,931.2 

Claims and rebates payable

2,264.3 

586.4 

2,850.7 

Accounts payable

674.4 

29.0 

3.0 

706.4 

Accrued expenses

312.7 

225.2 

11.3 

549.2 

Current maturities of long-term debt

1,340.0 

0.1 

1,340.1 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations

10.4 

10.4 

Total current liabilities

4,591.4 

840.7 

24.7 

5,456.8 

Long-term debt

2,492.5 

2,492.5 

Intercompany

2,387.2 

113.0 

(2,500.2) 

Other liabilities

72.1 

356.3 

1.7 

430.1 

Stockholders equity

3,551.8 

5,958.7 

11.5 

(5,970.2) 

3,551.8 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

13,095.0 

7,155.7 

150.9 

(8,470.4) 

11,931.2 

70 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 

Express 

Non- 

(in millions) 
 
 Scripts, Inc. 

Guarantors 

Guarantors 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

For the year ended December 31, 2010 

Revenues

29,594.6 

15,287.8 

90.8 

44,973.2 

Operating expenses

28,176.8 

14,635.8 

89.7 

42,902.3 

Operating income

1,417.8 

652.0 

1.1 

2,070.9 

Interest (expense) income, net

(156.2) 

(6.2) 

0.2 

(162.2) 

Income before income taxes

1,261.6 

645.8 

1.3 

1,908.7 

Provision for income taxes

462.3 

241.0 

0.8 

704.1 

Net income from continuing operations

799.3 

404.8 

0.5 

1,204.6 

Net loss from discontinued
operations, net of tax

(23.4) 

(23.4) 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries

381.9 

(381.9) 

Net income (loss)

1,181.2 

404.8 

(22.9) 

(381.9) 

1,181.2 

For the year ended December 31, 2009 

Revenues

14,642.9 

10,004.2 

75.2 

24,722.3 

Operating expenses

13,654.9 

9,497.7 

72.2 

23,224.8 

Operating income

988.0 

506.5 

3.0 

1,497.5 

Interest expense, net

(179.6) 

(6.5) 

(3.0) 

(189.1) 

Income before income taxes

808.4 

500.0 

1,308.4 

Provision for income taxes

293.0 

185.9 

2.9 

481.8 

Net income (loss) from continuing
operations

515.4 

314.1 

(2.9) 

826.6 

Net income from discontinued
operations, net of tax

1.0 

1.0 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries

312.2 

(312.2) 

Net income (loss)

827.6 

314.1 

(1.9) 

(312.2) 

827.6 

For the year ended December 31, 2008 

Revenues

9,674.6 

12,208.4 

58.2 

21,941.2 

Operating expenses

8,865.9 

11,737.7 

63.3 

20,666.9 

Operating income (loss)

808.7 

470.7 

(5.1) 

1,274.3 

Non-operating charges, net

(2.0) 

(2.0) 

Undistributed loss from joint venture

(0.3) 

(0.3) 

Interest expense, net

(49.7) 

(13.1) 

(1.8) 

(64.6) 

Income (loss) before income taxes

756.7 

457.6 

(6.9) 

1,207.4 

Provision for income taxes

275.4 

157.5 

(1.4) 

431.5 

Net income (loss) from continuing
operations

481.3 

300.1 

(5.5) 

775.9 

Net income from discontinued
operations, net of tax

0.2 

0.2 

Equity earnings of subsidiaries

294.8 

(294.8) 

Net income (loss)

776.1 

300.1 

(5.3) 

(294.8) 

776.1 

71 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

Express 

Non- 

(in millions) 
 
 Scripts, Inc. 

Guarantors 

Guarantors 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

For the year ended December 31, 2010 

Net cash flows provided by (used in)
operating activities

1,709.3 

773.2 

16.8 

(381.9) 

2,117.4 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment

(53.1) 

(61.3) 

(5.5) 

(119.9) 

Purchase of short-term investments

(38.0) 

(38.0) 

Other

17.6 

(4.3) 

(0.5) 

12.8 

Net cash used in investing activities 
continuing operations

(35.5) 

(65.6) 

(44.0) 

(145.1) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
discontinued operations

(0.8) 

(0.8) 

Net cash used in investing activities

(35.5) 

(65.6) 

(44.8) 

(145.9) 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Repayment of long-term debt

(1,340.1) 

(1,340.1) 

Treasury stock acquired

(1,276.2) 

(1,276.2) 

Tax benefit relating to employee
stock-based compensation

58.9 

58.9 

Net proceeds from employee stock plans

35.3 

35.3 

Deferred financing fees

(3.9) 

(3.9) 

Other

3.0 

3.0 

Net transactions with parent

300.9 

(708.6) 

25.8 

381.9 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing
activities

(2,222.1) 

(708.6) 

25.8 

381.9 

(2,523.0) 

Effect of foreign currency translation
adjustment

4.8 

4.8 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
equivalents

(548.3) 

(1.0) 

2.6 

(546.7) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
of year

1,005.0 

10.0 

55.4 

1,070.4 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

456.7 

9.0 

58.0 

523.7 

72 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

Express 

Non- 

(in millions) 
 
 Scripts, Inc. 

Guarantors 

Guarantors 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

For the year ended December 31, 2009 

Net cash flows provided by (used in)
operating activities

1,684.9 

385.2 

13.6 

(312.2) 

1,771.5 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

(8,881.7) 

(465.9) 

4,675.0 

(4,672.6) 

Purchase of short-term investments

(1,201.4) 

(1,201.4) 

Sale of short-term investments

1,198.9 

1,198.9 

Purchase of property and equipment

(116.6) 

(22.6) 

(8.3) 

(147.5) 

Other

6.4 

(2.7) 

(1.6) 

2.1 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing
activities continuing operations

(8,994.4) 

(491.2) 

(9.9) 

4,675.0 

(4,820.5) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
discontinued operations

(1.9) 

(1.9) 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing
activities

(8,994.4) 

(491.2) 

(11.8) 

4,675.0 

(4,822.4) 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of
discounts

2,491.6 

2,491.6 

Net proceeds from stock issuance

1,569.1 

1,569.1 

Repayment of long-term debt

(420.1) 

(420.1) 

Deferred financing fees

(79.5) 

(79.5) 

Tax benefit relating to employee
stock-based compensation

13.4 

13.4 

Net proceeds from employee stock plans

12.5 

12.5 

Net transactions with parent

4,239.4 

107.1 

16.3 

(4,362.8) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
activities

7,826.4 

107.1 

16.3 

(4,362.8) 

3,587.0 

Effect of foreign currency translation
adjustment

3.6 

3.6 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

516.9 

1.1 

21.7 

539.7 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
of year

488.1 

8.9 

33.7 

530.7 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

1,005.0 

10.0 

55.4 

1,070.4 

73 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

Express 

Non- 

(in millions) 
 
 Scripts, Inc. 

Guarantors 

Guarantors 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

For the year ended December 31, 2008 

Net cash flows provided by (used in)
operating activities

1,265.2 

84.6 

48.0 

(294.8) 

1,103.0 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired,
and investment in joint venture

(251.5) 

(251.5) 

Purchase of property and equipment

(66.8) 

(9.7) 

(7.3) 

(83.8) 

Proceeds from sale of business

27.7 

27.7 

Other

(11.0) 

(11.0) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
continuing operations

(301.6) 

(9.7) 

(7.3) 

(318.6) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
discontinued operations

(2.0) 

(2.0) 

Net cash used in investing activities

(301.6) 

(9.7) 

(9.3) 

(320.6) 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Treasury stock acquired

(494.4) 

(494.4) 

Repayment of long-term debt

(260.0) 

(260.0) 

Tax benefit relating to employee
stock-based compensation

42.1 

42.1 

Net proceeds from employee stock plans

31.9 

31.9 

Net transactions with parent

(181.4) 

(82.4) 

(31.0) 

294.8 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing
activities

(861.8) 

(82.4) 

(31.0) 

294.8 

(680.4) 

Effect of foreign currency translation
adjustment

(6.0) 

(6.0) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
equivalents

101.8 

(7.5) 

1.7 

96.0 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
of year

386.3 

16.4 

32.0 

434.7 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

488.1 

8.9 

33.7 

530.7 

74 

Table of Contents 

Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ))
as of December 31, 2010. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2010, our disclosure controls and procedures were (1)
designed to ensure that material information relating to us, including our consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report was being prepared, and
(2) effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act are accumulated and communicated to the appropriate members of our management team, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2010.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010,
has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
as stated in their report which is set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2010 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.

75 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive
Proxy Statement for our 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A
(the Proxy Statement under the headings Proxy
Item No. 1: Election of Directors, Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance and Corporate Governance provided that some of the information
regarding our executive officers required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K has been included in Part I
of this report.

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees,
including our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions (the senior financial officers ). A
copy of this code of business conduct and ethics is posted on the investor information section of
our website at www.express-scripts.com, and a print copy is available to any stockholder who
requests a copy. In the event the code of ethics is revised, or any waiver is granted under the
code of ethics with respect to any director, executive officer or senior financial officer, notice
of such revision or waiver will be posted on our website. Information included on our website is
not part of this annual report.

Item 11 Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the Proxy
Statement under the headings Directors Compensation, Compensation Committee Report, 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Executive Compensation. 

Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the Proxy
Statement under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the Proxy
Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate
Governance. 

Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from the Proxy
Statement under the heading Principal Accountant Fees. 

76 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Documents filed as part of this Report:

(1) Financial Statements

The following report of independent accountants and our consolidated financial
statements are contained in Item 8 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
of this Report

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2010 and 2009

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and
2008

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended
December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and
2008

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(2) The following financial statement schedule is contained in this Report.

II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the years ended December 31,
2010, 2009 and 2008

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information
is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

(3) List of Exhibits

See Index to Exhibits on the pages below. The Company agrees to furnish to the
SEC, upon request, copies of any long-term debt instruments that authorize an
amount of securities constituting 10 or less of the total assets of Express
Scripts, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

77 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 

February 16, 2011 
 By: 
 /s/ George Paz

George Paz 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ George Paz

George Paz

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Jeffrey Hall

Jeffrey Hall

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Kelley Elliott

Kelley Elliott

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and
Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting
Officer)

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Gary G. Benanav

Gary G. Benanav

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Frank J. Borelli

Frank J. Borelli

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Maura C. Breen

Maura C. Breen

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Nicholas J. LaHowchic

Nicholas J. LaHowchic

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Thomas P. Mac Mahon

Thomas P. Mac Mahon

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Frank Mergenthaler

Frank Mergenthaler

Director

February 16, 2011 

78 

Table of Contents 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Woodrow A. Myers, Jr.

Woodrow A. Myers, Jr.

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ John O. Parker

John O. Parker

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Samuel Skinner

Samuel Skinner

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Seymour Sternberg

Seymour Sternberg

Director

February 16, 2011 

/s/ Barrett A. Toan

Barrett A. Toan

Director

February 16, 2011 

79 

Table of Contents 

Schedule

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 
 
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves of Continuing Operations 
 
Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008

Col. A 
 
 Col. B 

Col. C 

Col. D 

Col. E 

(in millions) 

Additions 

Balance at 

Charges to Costs 

Charges to Other 

Balance at End of 

Description 
 
 Beginning of Period 

and Expenses 

Accounts 

Deductions (1) 

Period 

Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts
Receivable

Year Ended 12/31/08

75.4 

30.0 

7.4 

36.1 

76.7 

Year Ended 12/31/09

76.7 

24.1 

13.6 

21.0 

93.4 

Year Ended 12/31/10

93.4 

5.2 

33.8 

64.8 

Valuation Allowance
for Deferred Tax
Assets

Year Ended 12/31/08

8.3 

3.4 

11.7 

Year Ended 12/31/09

11.7 

4.4 

16.1 

Year Ended 12/31/10

16.1 

7.1 

23.2 

(1) 
 
 Except as otherwise described, these deductions are primarily write-offs of receivable
amounts, net of any recoveries. 

80 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
(Express Scripts, Inc. Commission File Number 0-20199)

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 

2.1 4 

Stock and Interest Purchase Agreement among the Company and WellPoint, Inc., dated
April 9, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed April 14, 2009. 

3.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended ,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ending December 31, 2009. 

3.2

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No.
3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31,
2010. 

4.1

Form of Certificate for Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to
the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 9, 1992 (Registration
Number 33-46974). 

4.2

Rights Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2001, between the Company and American Stock
Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes the Certificate of
Designations for the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the
Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
Shares as Exhibit C, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 31, 2001. 

4.3

Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement between the Company and American Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, as Rights Agent, dated May 25, 2005, incorporated by reference to
Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 31, 2005. 

4.4

Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement between the Company and American Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, as Rights Agent, dated December 18, 2009, incorporated by reference to
Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18, 2009. 

4.5

Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2009, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party
thereto and Union Bank, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1
to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2009. 

4.6

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2009, among the Company, the
Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Union Bank, N.A., as Trustee, related to the
5.25 senior notes due in 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2009. 

4.7

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2009, among the Company, the
Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Union Bank, N.A., as Trustee, related to the
6.25 senior notes due in 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2009. 

4.8

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2009, among the Company, the
Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Union Bank, N.A., as Trustee, related to the
7.25 senior notes due in 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.4 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2009. 

10.1 2 

Amended and Restated Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated
by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ending
June 30, 2001. 

10.2 2 

Second Amendment to the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ending December 31, 2001. 

81 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 

10.3 2 

Third Amendment to the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement filed April 18,
2006. 

10.4 2 

Amended and Restated Express Scripts, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated
by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement filed April 14, 2008. 

10.5 2 

Express Scripts, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
(effective December 31, 2004 and grandfathered for the purposes of Section 409A of the
Code), incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed May 25, 2007. 

10.6 2 

Express Scripts, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of 2005, incorporated by
reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 25,
2007. 

10.7 2 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2008, and
effective as of November 1, 2008, between the Company and George Paz, incorporated by
reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October
31, 2008. 

10.8 2 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of
December 15, 2010, between the Company and George Paz, incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2010. 

10.9 2 

Form of Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement entered into between the
Company and certain key executives (including all of the Company s named executive
officers other than Mr. Paz), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2008. 

10.10 2 

Form of Stock Option Agreement used with respect to grants of stock options by the
Company under the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by
reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
February 26, 2008. 

10.11 2 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement used with respect to grants of restricted stock by
the Company under the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated
by reference to Exhibit No. 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ending September 30, 2004. 

10.12 2 

Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used with respect to grants of performance
shares by the Company under the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed February 26, 2008. 

10.13 2 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement used with respect to grants of stock
appreciation rights under the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed March 7, 2006. 

10.14 2 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used with respect to grants of restricted stock
units by the Company under the Express Scripts, Inc. 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed March 3, 2009. 

10.15 2 

Description of Compensation Payable to Non-Employee Directors, incorporated by
reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 30,
2008. 

10.16 2 

Summary of Named Executive Officer 2010 Salaries, 2009 Bonus Awards, 2010 Maximum Bonus
Potential, and 2010 Equity and Performance Awards, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
No. 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2010. 

10.17

Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Company and each member of
its Board of Directors, and between the Company and certain key executives (including
all of the Company s named executive officers), incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2006. 

82 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 

10.18

Credit Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2010, among Express Scripts, Inc., Credit
Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi
UFJ, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as co-syndication agents, Citibank,
N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as co-documentation agents
and the lenders named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2010. 

10.19

Pharmacy Benefits Management Services Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2009, between
the Company and WellPoint, Inc., on behalf of itself and certain designated affiliates,
incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ending December 31, 2009. 

10.20

Amendment No. 1 to the Pharmacy Benefits Management Services Agreement dated August 20,
2010 (effective as of January 1, 2010) between the Company, on behalf of itself and its
subsidiaries, and WellPoint, Inc., on behalf of itself and certain designated
affiliates, incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2010. 

11.1

Statement regarding computation of earnings per share (See Note 1 to the audited
consolidated financial statements). 

12.1 1 

Statement regarding computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges. 

21.1 1 

List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 1 

Certification by George Paz, as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Express Scripts, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 1 

Certification by Jeffrey Hall, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Express Scripts, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 1 

Certification by George Paz, as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Express Scripts, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss.1350 and Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b). 

32.2 1 

Certification by Jeffrey Hall, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Express Scripts, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss. 1350 and Exchange Act Rule
13a-14(b). 

101.1 3 

XBRL Taxonomy Instance Document. 

101.2 3 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.3 3 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.4 3 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.5 3 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.6 3 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

1 
 
 Filed herein. 

2 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

3 
 
 Furnished, not filed. 

4 
 
 The Stock and Interest Purchase Agreement (the Agreement has been included to provide
investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to
provide any other financial information about the Company, WellPoint, or their respective
subsidiaries and affiliates. The representations and warranties in the Agreement are the
product of negotiations among the Company and WellPoint and are for the sole benefit of the
Company and WellPoint in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Agreement,
and are not necessarily intended as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the
date of the Agreement or as of any other date. In addition, the representations and warranties
in the Agreement may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being
qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk
between the parties to the Agreement, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable
to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Moreover,
information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may
change after the date of the Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully
reflected in public disclosures by the Company and WellPoint. 

83 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 c59898exv12w1.htm
 EX-12.1

exv12w1 

EXHIBIT 12.1

EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC. 
Calculation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
(Dollar amounts in millions)

Year Ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Income from continuing operations before income
taxes

1,908.7 

1,308.4 

1,207.4 

940.2 

738.3 

Add:

Undistributed loss from joint venture

0.3 

1.3 

1.6 

Interest expense

167.1 

194.4 

77.6 

108.4 

95.7 

Estimated interest component of rental expense

13.4 

9.3 

9.6 

9.8 

8.4 

Income as adjusted

2,089.2 

1,512.1 

1,294.9 

1,059.7 

844.0 

Fixed charges:

Interest expense

167.1 

194.4 

77.6 

108.4 

95.7 

Estimated interest component of rental expense

13.4 

9.3 

9.6 

9.8 

8.4 

Total fixed charges

180.5 

203.7 

87.2 

118.2 

104.1 

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges

11.6 

7.4 

14.8 

9.0 

8.1 

Note: Interest component of rental expense estimated to be 1/3 of rental expense, which
management believes represents a reasonable approximation of the interest factor.

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 c59898exv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1

exv21w1 

EXHIBIT 21.1

The following are subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31, 2010. The names of other
subsidiaries have been omitted as they would not, if considered in the aggregate as a single
subsidiary, constitute a significant subsidiary pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Subsidiary 
 
 State of Organization 
 
 D/B/A 

CFI New Jersey, Inc.

New Jersey

None 

ConnectYourCare, LLC

Maryland

None 

CuraScript, Inc.

Delaware

CuraScript SP Specialty Pharmacy 

Diversified Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.

Minnesota

None 

ESI Canada

Ontario, Canada

None 

ESI-GP Holdings, Inc.

Delaware

None 

ESI Mail Order Processing, Inc. (formerly NextRx,
Inc.)

Delaware

None 

ESI Mail Pharmacy Service, Inc.

Delaware

None 

ESI Partnership

Delaware

None 

ESI Resources, Inc.

Minnesota

None 

Express Scripts Canada Co.

Nova Scotia, Canada

None 

Express Scripts Canada Holding, Co.

Delaware

None 

Express Scripts Insurance Company

Arizona

None 

Express Scripts Pharmaceutical Procurement, LLC

Delaware

None 

Express Scripts Sales Development Co.

Delaware

None 

Express Scripts Specialty Distribution Services, Inc.

Delaware

None 

Express Scripts Utilization Management Co.

Delaware

None 

Express Scripts WC, Inc. (formerly MSC Medical
Services Company)

Florida

None 

Lynnfield Drug, Inc.

Florida

Freedom Fertility Pharmacy 

Matrix GPO, LLC

Indiana

None 

National Prescription Administrators, Inc.

New Jersey

NPA 

Priority Healthcare Corporation

Indiana

None 

Priority Healthcare Corporation West

Nevada

None 

Priority Healthcare Distribution, Inc.

Florida

CuraScript SD Specialty Distribution 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 c59898exv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1

exv23w1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No.
333-159654) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-156092, 333-136616, 333-110573, 333-43336, 333-72441, 333-69855,
33-64278, 33-93106) of Express Scripts, Inc. of our report dated February 16, 2011
relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

St. Louis, Missouri 
February 16, 2011

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 c59898exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1

I, George Paz, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Express Scripts, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2011

/s/ George Paz

George Paz, Chairman, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 c59898exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2

I, Jeffrey Hall, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Express Scripts, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2011

/s/ Jeffrey Hall

Jeffrey Hall, Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 c59898exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AND RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Express Scripts,
Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2010, I, George Paz, Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and Exchange Act Rule
13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

BY: 
 /s/ George Paz

George Paz 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Express Scripts, Inc. 

Date: February 16, 2011

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 c59898exv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2

exv32w2 

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AND RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Express Scripts,
Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2010, I, Jeffrey Hall, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and
Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

BY: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Hall

Jeffrey Hall 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Express Scripts, Inc. 

Date: February 16, 2011

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 esrx-20101231.xml
 EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 esrx-20101231.xsd
 EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 esrx-20101231_cal.xml
 EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 esrx-20101231_lab.xml
 EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 esrx-20101231_pre.xml
 EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 esrx-20101231_def.xml
 EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

