<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20111213_10-K_edgar_data_858803_0001193125-11-339193.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4031618</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>365203</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>884772</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1304661</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>591775</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>685970</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-11-339193.hdr.sgml : 20111213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20111213133809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-11-339193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20110930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20111213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20111213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000858803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330314804
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15803
		FILM NUMBER:		111258085

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 ENTERPRISE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-389-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 ENTERPRISE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIDAK PHARMACEUTICALS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-11-339193.txt : 20111213

10-K
 1
 d259667d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from 
 to 
 
 Commission File No. 1-15803 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 33-0314804 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

20 Enterprise Suite 200, 
 Aliso Viejo, California (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 92656 (Zip Code) 
 (949) 389-6700 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 
 
 The NASDAQ Global Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class to be so registered 
 
 Name of each exchange on which each class is to be registered 

Preferred Share Purchase Rights 
 
 N/A 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the
Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). YES NO Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or
a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). YES NO The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2011 was approximately 496.7 million, based upon the closing price on the NASDAQ Global Market reported for such date. Shares of
common stock held by each officer and director and by each person who is known to own 10 or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the Company. This determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of December 1, 2011, the registrant had
126,959,119 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Certain information required to be disclosed in Part III of this report is incorporated by reference from the registrant s
definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be held on February 16, 2012 and which proxy statement will be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

24 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

24 

Item 4. 
 
 Removed and Reserved 

25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

26 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

27 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

29 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

42 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

42 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

42 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

42 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

43 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

43 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

46 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

46 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

46 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

46 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

46 

SIGNATURES 

52 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning future events and performance of our Company. When used in this report, the words intend, 
 estimate, anticipate, believe, plan, goal and expect and similar expressions as they relate to Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. are included to identify forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements. Risks that could cause actual
results to differ significantly from our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, risks relating to our product sales, capital resources, commercial market estimates, safety of N UEDEXTA , future development efforts,
patent protection, effects of healthcare reform, reliance on third parties, and other risks set forth below under Item 1A, Risk Factors. We disclaim any intent to update or announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to
reflect actual events or developments. References in this report to Avanir, the Company, we, our and us refer to Avanir
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis. Avanir and N UEDEXTA are registered trademarks of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other
trademarks or service marks appearing in this report may be trademarks or service marks of other owners. EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
 Avanir is a pharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing novel
therapeutic products for the treatment of central nervous system disorders. In October 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approved N UEDEXTA (referred to as AVP-923 during clinical development), a unique proprietary combination of dextromethorphan DM and low-dose quinidine Q ), for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect PBA ). We commenced promotion of N UEDEXTA in the United States in February 2011 and we are currently pursuing approval of N UEDEXTA in Europe.
 We are also studying AVP-923 for use in different types of neuropathic pain. We have filed an Investigational New Drug
application IND with the FDA and have initiated a large Phase II clinical trial of AVP-923 for the treatment of central neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis. In addition, we are pursuing planned studies to assess
behavioral disturbances related to emotional lability, such as agitation, in patients with Alzheimer s disease. AVP-923
has also successfully completed a Phase III trial for the treatment of patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain. Additional phase III trials with a modified formulation would need to be completed for approval of this indication.
 In addition to our focus on products for the central nervous system, we also have partnered programs in
other therapeutic areas that may generate future revenue for us. Our first commercialized product, docosanol 10 cream (sold in the United States and Canada as Abreva by our marketing partner GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare), is the only over-the-counter treatment for cold sores that has been approved by the FDA. In 2008, we
out-licensed all of our monoclonal antibodies and we remain eligible to receive milestone payments and royalties related to the sale of these assets. Avanir was incorporated in California in August 1988 and was reincorporated in Delaware in March 2009. DRUG CANDIDATES AND MARKETED PRODUCTS N UEDEXTA for the Treatment of
PBA N UEDEXTA is the first and only FDA-approved treatment for PBA. PBA occurs secondary to a variety of
otherwise unrelated neurological conditions, and is characterized by involuntary, sudden, and frequent episodes of laughing and/or crying. PBA episodes typically occur out of proportion or incongruent to the patient s underlying emotional
state. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 N UEDEXTA is an innovative combination of two well-characterized components:
dextromethorphan hydrobromide (20 mg), the ingredient that is pharmacologically active in the central nervous system, and quinidine sulfate (10 mg), a metabolic inhibitor enabling dextromethorphan to reach therapeutic plasma concentrations.
N UEDEXTA acts on sigma-1 and N-Methyl-D-aspartic acid, or NMDA, receptors in the brain, although the mechanism by which N UEDEXTA exerts therapeutic effects in patients with PBA is unknown. 
 Studies to support the effectiveness of N UEDEXTA were performed in patients with PBA and underlying amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis, or ALS, and multiple sclerosis. The primary outcome measure, the number of laughing and crying episodes, was significantly lower in the N UEDEXTA cohort compared with placebo. The secondary outcome measure, the Center for
Neurologic Studies Lability Scale (CNS-LS), demonstrated a significantly greater mean decrease in CNS-LS score from baseline for the N UEDEXTA cohort compared with placebo. N UEDEXTA has not been shown to be safe and
effective in other types of emotional lability that can commonly occur, for example, in Alzheimer s disease and other dementias. 
 N UEDEXTA safety information N UEDEXTA can interact with other medications causing significant changes in blood levels of those medications and/or N UEDEXTA . N UEDEXTA is contraindicated in
patients receiving drugs that both prolong QT interval and are metabolized by CYP2D6 (e.g., thioridazine and pimozide) and should not be used concomitantly with other drugs containing quinidine, quinine, or mefloquine. N UEDEXTA is
contraindicated in patients taking monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) or in patients who have taken MAOIs within the preceding 14 days. N UEDEXTA is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to its components.
 N UEDEXTA may cause serious side effects, including possible changes in heart rhythm. N UEDEXTA is
contraindicated in patients with a prolonged QT interval, congenital long QT syndrome or a history suggestive of torsades de pointes, in patients with heart failure as well as patients with, or at risk of, complete atrioventricular (AV) block,
unless the patient has an implanted pacemaker. N UEDEXTA causes dose-dependent QTc prolongation. When initiating N UEDEXTA in patients at risk of QT prolongation and torsades de pointes, electrocardiographic (ECG)
evaluation of QT interval should be conducted at baseline and 3-4 hours after the first dose. The most common adverse
reactions in patients taking N UEDEXTA are diarrhea, dizziness, cough, vomiting, weakness, swelling of feet and ankles, urinary tract infection, flu, elevated liver enzymes, and flatulence. 
 N UEDEXTA may cause dizziness. Precautions to reduce the risk of falls should be taken, particularly for patients with motor
impairment affecting gait or a history of falls. Patients should take N UEDEXTA exactly as prescribed. Patients
should not take more than 2 capsules in a 24-hour period, make sure that there is an approximate 12-hour interval between doses, and not take a double dose after they miss a dose. 
 These are not all the risks from use of NUEDEXTA. For additional important safety information about NUEDEXTA, please see the full
Prescribing Information at www.NUEDEXTA.com. PBA indication and market 
 PBA is a distinct neurologic syndrome that is characterized by a loss of control of emotional expression, typically involving episodes of
involuntary or exaggerated motor expression of emotion such as laughing, crying or other emotional displays. There are an
estimated 18 to 20 million people in the United States who suffer from the underlying neurologic conditions that can give rise to PBA. These underlying neurologic conditions include but are not limited to ALS, MS, Alzheimer s disease,
Parkinson s disease, stroke and traumatic brain injury. Extrapolating from the epidemiologic medical literature, physician estimates and an Avanir-sponsored patient survey, which surveyed a total of 2,464 patients and caregivers of patients
with underlying neurologic conditions associated with PBA (including ALS, Alzheimer s disease/dementias, MS, Parkinson s disease, stroke and traumatic brain injury), we estimate that approximately 10 of people in the United States who
suffer from neurological disease or injury suffer from moderate to severe PBA, with many more suffering from mild PBA. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Other than N UEDEXTA , there are no approved therapies indicated to treat PBA.
Currently, some physicians treat PBA using a range of drugs off-label, including: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors/serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, or SSRIs/SNRIs, antidepressants and atypical antipsychotics. According to our
market research, physicians are generally only moderately satisfied with these off-label therapies as a treatment for PBA. We conducted this market research through an Internet-based survey of 215 physicians, consisting of Neurologists, Internal
Medicine/Geriatrics, Psychiatrists and Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation specialists. We believe that
N UEDEXTA represents a more attractive treatment option for patients suffering from PBA. In our Phase III STAR trial that was completed in 2009, patients treated with N UEDEXTA reported an average 80 reduction in
episodes at the end of the 12-week study compared to baseline, with an average 50 reduction in episodes in the first week of treatment. Over the course of the 12-week study, patients receiving N UEDEXTA experienced significantly lower
PBA episode rates versus placebo P ). Over the final two weeks of the STAR trial, one-half of patients treated with N UEDEXTA achieved episode-free remission. N UEDEXTA Commercialization Strategy We currently
market N UEDEXTA to approximately 10,000 physicians and other healthcare providers who specialize in psychiatry, neurology or geriatric medicine and practice in outpatient or long-term care settings. Our commercial strategy for
N UEDEXTA includes the following objectives: increase awareness and diagnosis of PBA, expand adoption of N UEDEXTA , minimize barriers to patient access, and motivate patients and caregivers to request and adhere to
N UEDEXTA therapy. AVP-923 for the Potential Treatment of Neuropathic Pain 
 AVP-923 for the Treatment of MS Pain Multiple Sclerosis MS is one of the most frequent chronic neurologic disease causing significant disability in young adults. Among the many neurological complications of MS, chronic
pain has a significant impact on the daily life of patients with this disease. Several distinct pain conditions associated
with MS have been characterized in various literature, including optic neuritis, headache, musculoskeletal pain (which includes painful tonic spasms, back pain and muscle spasms) and central neuropathic pain (which includes extremity pain,
trigeminal neuralgia and Lhermitte s sign). While the specific pain mechanisms associated with each condition have not been fully identified, it is believed that neuropathic pain results from neurologic damage caused by demyelinating
lesions. Pain is a common symptom experienced by many MS patients and, in particular, approximately 30 of MS patients experience central neuropathic pain during the course of the disease. 
 In September 2009, we reported on secondary efficacy endpoints from the double-blind phase of the AVP-923 STAR trial in PBA, including an
endpoint measuring reduction of MS-related pain. AVP-923 30/10 mg demonstrated statistically significant decrease in pain scores compared to placebo in the subset of MS patients with moderate-to-severe pain. Based on these results, we filed an IND
application with the FDA to begin a Phase II clinical trial of AVP-923 for the treatment of central neuropathic pain in patients with MS. The FDA accepted the proposed clinical investigational plan included in the submission and we enrolled the
first patient in November 2011. The objectives of the study are to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of three
dose levels of AVP-923 capsules for the treatment of central neuropathic pain in a population of patients with MS. The trial is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 4-arm parallel group study. Eligible patients will be
randomized to receive one of the three dose levels of AVP-923 containing either 45mg DM/10mg Q, 30mg DM/10mg Q, 20mg DM/10mg Q or placebo, daily for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint is the Pain Rating Scale obtained from daily patient
diaries. Secondary endpoints include measure of fatigue, impact of MS on daily life, sleep quality, cognition and depression. Safety will be assessed by monitoring adverse events, clinical laboratory tests, electrocardiograms, physical examinations,
and vital signs. We expect to enroll approximately 400 patients both in the U.S. and internationally. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 AVP-923 for the treatment of diabetic neuropathic pain 
 Diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain DPN pain ), which arises from nerve injury, can result in a chronic and debilitating form
of pain that has historically been poorly diagnosed and treated. It is often described as burning, tingling, stabbing, or pins and needles in the feet, legs, hands or arms. An estimated 3.5 million people in the United States experience DPN
pain according to the American Diabetes Association. DPN pain currently is most commonly treated with antidepressants, anticonvulsants, opioid analgesics and local anesthetics. Most of these treatments have limited effectiveness or undesirable side
effects resulting in a high degree of unmet medical need. The neuropathic pain market is continuing to grow rapidly, and in 2006, was estimated to be worth 2.6 billion in sales among the seven largest markets, consisting of the United States,
Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom. Avanir has successfully completed a Phase III clinical trial for
AVP-923 in the treatment of patients with DPN pain. In April 2007, we announced positive top-line data from our first Phase III clinical trial of AVP-923 for the treatment of patients with DPN pain. The most commonly reported adverse events
from this Phase III study were dizziness, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue and somnolence, which were mild to moderate in nature. We are continuing to evaluate our options for this program and next steps. 
 Other Programs Docosanol 10 
cream cold sore treatment Docosanol 10 cream is a topical treatment for cold sores.
In 2000, we received FDA approval for marketing docosanol 10 cream as an over-the-counter product. Since that time, docosanol 10 cream has been approved by regulatory agencies in Asia, North America, and Europe. In March 2000, we granted a
subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline, SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, Inc. GSK ), the exclusive rights under a license to market docosanol 10 cream in the United States and Canada GSK License Agreement ). GSK markets the product under the
name Abreva in these markets. Under the terms of the GSK License Agreement, GSK is responsible for all sales
and marketing activities and the manufacturing and distribution of docosanol 10 cream. Under the GSK license agreement, the Company received a total of 25 million in milestone payments from GSK and the Company was entitled to receive an 8 royalty
on net sales of Abreva by GSK. In November 2002, the Company sold to Drug Royalty USA an undivided interest in the
Company s rights to receive future Abreva royalties under the GSK License Agreement for 24.1 million (the Drug Royalty Agreement ). Under the Drug Royalty Agreement, Drug Royalty USA has the right to receive royalties from GSK
on sales of Abreva until December 2013. The Company retained the right to receive 50 of all royalties (a net of 4 under the GSK License Agreement for annual net sales of Abreva in the U.S. and Canada in excess of 62 million. From the
effective date of the GSK License Agreement up to the 2002 sale of the Company s royalty rights to Drug Royalty USA, Inc., the Company received a total of approximately 5.9 million in royalty payments from GSK attributed to the 8 royalty on
net sales by GSK. Under the terms of our docosanol license agreements, our partners are generally responsible for all
regulatory approvals, sales and marketing activities, and manufacturing and distribution of the product in the licensed territories. The terms of the license agreements typically provide for us to receive a data transfer fee, potential milestone
payments and royalties on product sales. We purchase the active pharmaceutical ingredient API ), docosanol, from a large supplier in Western Europe and have, on occasion, sold material to our licensees. We currently store our API in the
United States. Any material disruption in manufacturing could cause a delay in shipments and possible loss of sales. Competition
 The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly evolving technology and intense competition. A large number of
companies of all sizes, including major pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies, engage in activities similar to our activities. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources available to
them. In addition, colleges, universities, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations continue to conduct research and are becoming more active in seeking 
 6 

Table of Contents 

patent protection and licensing arrangements to collect royalties for use of technologies that they have developed. Some of our competitors products and technologies are in direct
competition with ours. We also must compete with these institutions in recruiting highly qualified personnel. 
 N UEDEXTA for Pseudobulbar Affect. Although N UEDEXTA is the first product to be marketed for the
treatment of PBA, we are aware that physicians may prescribe other products in an off-label manner for the treatment of this disorder. For example, N UEDEXTA may face competition from the following products: 

Antidepressants, including
Prozac , Celexa , Zoloft , Paxil , Elavil and Pamelor and others;

Atypical antipsychotic agents, including Zyprexa , Risperdal , Seroquel,
Abilify , Geodon and others; and 

Miscellaneous agents, including Symmetrel , Lithium and others. 
 While it is also possible that compounding pharmacies could combine the components of N UEDEXTA in an unauthorized fashion
that is in violation of our patents, it is inconsistent with the policies of the Pharmacy Compounding Accreditation Board. Manufacturing
 We currently have no manufacturing or production facilities and, accordingly, rely on third parties for clinical
production of our products and product candidates. We obtain the API for N UEDEXTA from a sole supplier who is one of several available commercial suppliers. (See Item 1A, Risk Factors ). Further, we licensed to various
pharmaceutical companies the exclusive rights to manufacture and distribute docosanol 10 cream. Intellectual Property Rights
 Patents 
 We own and have licensed a number of our patents relating to our products, which in the aggregate are believed to be of material
importance to us in the operation of our business. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. In December 2010, we filed
applications for patent term extension for N UEDEXTA under the Hatch-Waxman law that allows for up to five additional years of patent protection based on the development timeline of a drug. Although we applied to extend two Nuedexta
patents listed in the FDA Orange Book, if both are granted extensions, we will need to select only one patent for extension. Without extension, these patents currently expire on March 27, 2012 and January 26, 2016, respectively.
 Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property Rights We have made a practice of selling our products under trademarks and of obtaining protection for these trademarks by all available means. These trademarks are protected by registration in the United
States and other countries where such products are marketed. We consider these trademarks in the aggregate to be of material importance in the operation of our business. Our intellectual property also includes copyrights, confidential and trade secret information. 
 Government Regulations 
 The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in foreign countries extensively regulate the manufacture and sale of the pharmaceutical
products that we have developed or are currently developing. The FDA has established guidelines and safety standards that are applicable to the nonclinical evaluation and clinical investigation of therapeutic products and stringent regulations that
govern the manufacture and sale of these products. The process of obtaining regulatory approval for a new therapeutic product usually requires a significant amount of time and substantial resources. The steps typically required before a product can
be tested in humans include: 

Animal pharmacology studies to obtain preliminary information on the safety and efficacy of a drug; and 

Nonclinical evaluation in vitro and in vivo including extensive toxicology studies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The results of these nonclinical studies may be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND
application. The sponsor of an IND application may commence human testing of the compound 30 days after submission of the IND, unless notified to the contrary by the FDA. The clinical testing program for a new drug typically involves three phases: 

Phase I investigations are generally conducted in healthy subjects. In certain instances, subjects with a life-threatening disease, such as cancer, may
participate in Phase I studies that determine the maximum tolerated dose and initial safety of the product; 

Phase II studies are conducted in limited numbers of subjects with the disease or condition to be treated and are aimed at determining the most
effective dose and schedule of administration, evaluating both safety and whether the product demonstrates therapeutic effectiveness against the disease; and 

Phase III studies involve large, well-controlled investigations in diseased subjects and are aimed at verifying the safety and effectiveness of
the drug. Data from all clinical studies, as well as all nonclinical studies and evidence of product
quality, typically are submitted to the FDA in a NDA. Although the FDA s requirements for clinical trials are well established and we believe that we have planned and conducted our clinical trials in accordance with the FDA s applicable
regulations and guidelines, these requirements, including requirements relating to testing the safety of drug candidates, may be subject to change or new interpretation. Additionally, we could be required to conduct additional trials beyond what we
had planned due to the FDA s safety and/or efficacy concerns or due to differing interpretations of the meaning of our clinical data. (See Item 1A, Risk Factors ). 
 The FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research must approve a NDA for a drug before it may be marketed in the U.S. If we
begin to market our proposed products for commercial sale in the U.S., any manufacturing operations that may be established in or outside the U.S. will also be subject to rigorous regulation, including compliance with current good manufacturing
practices. We also may be subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substance Control Act, the Export Control Act and other present and future laws of general application.
 Regulatory obligations continue post-approval, and include the reporting of adverse events when a drug is utilized in the
broader commercial population. Promotion and marketing of drugs is also strictly regulated, with penalties imposed for violations of FDA regulations, the Lanham Act (trademark statute), and other federal and state laws, including the federal
anti-kickback statute. We currently intend to continue to seek, directly or through our partners, approval to market our
products and product candidates in foreign countries, which may have regulatory processes that differ materially from those of the FDA. We anticipate that we will rely upon pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies to license our proposed products
or independent consultants to seek approvals to market our proposed products in foreign countries. We cannot assure you that approvals to market any of our proposed products can be obtained in any country. Approval to market a product in any one
foreign country does not necessarily indicate that approval can be obtained in other countries. Product Liability Insurance
 We maintain product liability insurance on our products and clinical trials that provides coverage in the amount of
 10 million per incident and 10 million in the aggregate. Executive Officers and Key Employees of the Registrant
 Information concerning our executive officers and key employees, including their names, ages and certain biographical
information can be found in Part III, Item 10 under the caption, Executive Officers and Key Employees of the Registrant. This information is incorporated by reference into Part I of this report. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Employees As of December 1, 2011, we employed 188 persons, including 25 engaged in research and development activities, including clinical development, medical and regulatory affairs, and 163 in selling,
general and administrative functions such as human resources, finance, accounting, business development, sales, marketing, and investor relations. Of the selling, general and administrative positions, approximately 129 are field based. 
 Financial Information about Segments We operate in a single accounting segment the development and commercialization of novel treatments that target the central nervous system. Refer to Note 14, Segment
Information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. General Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 20 Enterprise, Suite 200, Aliso Viejo, California 92656. Our telephone number is
(949) 389-6700 and our e-mail address is info@avanir.com . Our Internet website address is www.avanir.com. No portion of our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You are advised to read this Annual Report on Form 10-K in conjunction with other reports and documents that we file from time to
time with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In particular, please read our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K that we may file from time to time. You may obtain copies of these reports after the date of this annual report directly from us or from the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549. In addition, the SEC maintains information for electronic filers (including Avanir) at its website at www.sec.gov. The public may obtain information regarding the operation of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. We make our periodic and current reports available on our internet website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
SEC. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking information based on our current expectations. Because our actual results may differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we make or
that are made on our behalf, this section includes a discussion of important factors that could affect our actual future results, including, but not limited to, our product sales, capital resources, commercial market estimates, safety of
N UEDEXTA , future development efforts, patent protection, effects of healthcare reform, reliance on third parties, and other risks set forth below. We disclaim any intent to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent
developments or actual results. Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Our near-term prospects are dependent on N UEDEXTA . If we are unable to successfully commercialize
N UEDEXTA , including raising PBA awareness, driving higher rates of physician adoption and obtaining reimbursement and third party payor coverage, we will not be able to commercialize N UEDEXTA effectively and our ability
to generate significant revenue or achieve profitability will be adversely affected. Although N UEDEXTA has
been approved for marketing, our current ability to generate significant revenue is entirely dependent upon our ability to successfully commercialize N UEDEXTA . To be successful we must continue to: 

establish and maintain successful sales, marketing and education programs for our targeted physicians; 

raise physician awareness of PBA and encourage physicians to screen patients for the condition; 

obtain adequate reimbursement for N UEDEXTA from a broad range of payors; and 

maintain and defend our patent protection and maintain regulatory exclusivity for N UEDEXTA . 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Supplying the market for N UEDEXTA requires us to manage relationships with an
increasing number of collaborative partners, suppliers and third-party contractors. If we are unable to successfully establish and maintain the required sales and marketing infrastructure, as well as successfully manage an increasing number of
relationships, including with suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, insurance carriers and prescribers, we will have difficulty growing our business. In addition, pharmacies, institutions and prescribers may rely on third-party medical information
systems to interpret the N UEDEXTA approved product label and guide utilization of N UEDEXTA . If these information systems load incorrect information or misinterpret the approved product label, it may result in lower
adoption or utilization than expected. For example, because N UEDEXTA contains quinidine, which is a known pro-arrhythmic drug at antiarrhythmic doses exceeding 600 mg per day, it is possible that medical information systems may
incorrectly identify N UEDEXTA as contraindicated or otherwise inappropriate for a patient, even in situations where the risks are substantially less than perceived. 
 In addition, we may enter into co-promotion or out-licensing arrangements with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology partners where
necessary to reach customers in domestic or foreign market segments and when deemed strategically and economically advisable. To the extent that we enter into co-promotion or other licensing arrangements, our product revenues are likely to be lower
than if we directly marketed and sold N UEDEXTA , and some or all of the revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of third parties, which may not be successful. If we are unable to accomplish any of these key objectives, we may
not be able to generate significant product revenue or become profitable. We have a history of net losses and an
accumulated deficit, and we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have experienced significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations and we expect our negative cash flow from operations to
continue until we are able to generate significant revenues from sales of N UEDEXTA . As of September 30, 2011, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 365.3 million. We have incurred these losses principally from costs
incurred in funding the research, development and clinical testing of our drug candidates, from our general and administrative expenses and from our efforts to commercialize N UEDEXTA . We may continue incurring net losses for the
foreseeable future and we expect our operating losses to continue for at least the short term as we continue to market N UEDEXTA . Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability is dependent on our ability, alone or with partners, to successfully manufacture and market N UEDEXTA for the treatment of patients
with PBA. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on the ongoing marketing of N UEDEXTA for PBA domestically, as well as seeking regulatory approvals for use of N UEDEXTA in other geographic markets and
indications. As a result, we may never generate sufficient revenue from product sales to become profitable or generate positive cash flows. Certain of our key issued patents are currently being challenged and our pending patent applications may be denied. An adverse outcome in either case would adversely affect our ability to generate
significant product revenue or become profitable. We have invested in an extensive patent portfolio and we rely
substantially on the protection of our intellectual property through our ownership or control of issued patents and patent applications. The degree of patent protection that will ultimately be afforded to us in the U.S. and in other important
markets remains uncertain and is dependent upon the scope of protection decided upon by the patent offices, courts and lawmakers in these countries. If we cannot prevent others from exploiting claims in our patent portfolio, we will not derive the
benefit from it that we currently expect. Further, we may incur substantial expense from litigation to protect our patent portfolio. The validity, enforceability and scope of our core patents covering N UEDEXTA are currently being challenged as a result of recent abbreviated new drug application ANDA filings
from generic drug companies. The outcome of the current or any future challenges to the validity, enforceability or scope of our patent portfolio could significantly reduce revenues from N UEDEXTA and any future products. More broadly
speaking, investors should be aware that the biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive. Our ability to compete in this space involves various risks relating to our intellectual property, including: 

our patents covering N UEDEXTA may be found to be invalid and unenforceable or insufficiently broad to block the introduction of a
generic form of N UEDEXTA ; 
 10 

Table of Contents 

the claims in any of our pending patent applications may not be allowed and our patent applications may not be granted;

competitors may develop similar or superior technologies independently, duplicate our technologies, or design around the patented aspects of our
technologies; 

any of our issued patents may not provide us with significant competitive advantages; and 

we may not be able to secure additional worldwide intellectual property protection for our N UEDEXTA patent portfolio.
 An adverse outcome with respect to any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to generate
significant product revenue or become profitable. We have received notice of four ANDA filings for N UEDEXTA 
submitted by generic drug companies. These ANDA filings assert that a generic form of N UEDEXTA would not infringe on our issued patents. As a result of these filings, we have commenced litigation to defend our patent rights, which is
expected to be costly and time-consuming and, depending on the outcome of the litigation, we may face competition from lower cost generic or follow-on products in the near term. 
 N UEDEXTA is approved under the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), which renders it
susceptible to potential competition from generic manufacturers via the Hatch-Waxman Act and ANDA process. Generic manufacturers pursuing ANDA approval are not required to conduct costly and time-consuming clinical trials to establish the safety and
efficacy of their products; rather, they are permitted to rely on the innovator s data regarding safety and efficacy. Additionally, generic drug companies generally do not expend significant sums on sales and marketing activities, instead
relying on physicians or payors to substitute the generic form of a drug for the branded form. Thus, generic manufacturers can sell their products at prices much lower than those charged by the innovative pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies
who have incurred substantial expenses associated with the research and development of the drug product and who must spend significant sums marketing a new drug. The ANDA procedure includes provisions allowing generic manufacturers to challenge the innovator s patent protection by submitting Paragraph IV certifications to the FDA in which the
generic manufacturer claims that the innovator s patent is invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, or sale of the generic product. A patent owner who receives a Paragraph IV certification may choose to sue
the generic applicant for patent infringement. In recent years, generic manufacturers have used Paragraph IV certifications extensively to challenge the applicability of patents listed in the FDA s Approved Drug Products List with Therapeutic
Equivalence Evaluations, commonly referred to as the Orange Book, on a wide array of innovative therapeutic products. We expect this trend to continue and to implicate drug products with even relatively modest revenues. 
 We have received Paragraph IV certification notices from four separate companies contending that our patents listed in the Orange Book
(U.S. Patents 7,659,282 and RE 38,115, which expire in August 2026 and January 2016, respectively) are invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, or sale of a generic form of N UEDEXTA . In response to
these notices, we have filed suit against all four of the generic drug companies to defend our patent rights. Pursuant to the
provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act, FDA final approval of the ANDAs submitted by the Defendants can occur no earlier than October 29, 2013. Further, as a result of the 30-month stay associated with the filing of the ANDA Actions, the FDA cannot
grant final approval to any ANDA before December 30, 2013, unless there is an earlier court decision holding that the 282 and 115 patents are not infringed and/or are invalid. 
 Although we intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to N UEDEXTA , there can be no assurance
that we will prevail in our defense of our patent rights. Our existing patents could be invalidated, found unenforceable or found not to cover a generic form of N UEDEXTA . If an ANDA filer were to receive approval to sell a generic
version of N UEDEXTA and/or prevail in any patent litigation, N UEDEXTA would become subject to increased competition and our revenue would be adversely affected. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 PBA is a new market and estimates vary significantly over the potential market size and
our anticipated revenues over the near and long term. N UEDEXTA is being made available to patients to treat
PBA, an indication for which there is no established pharmaceutical market. Industry sources and equity research analysts have a wide divergence of estimates for the near- and long-term market potential of our product. A variety of assumptions
directly impact the estimates for our drug s market potential, including estimates of underlying neurologic condition prevalence, severity of PBA prevalence among these conditions, and rates of physician adoption of our drug for treatment of
PBA among these populations, drug pricing assumptions, and patient adherence and compliance rates within each underlying neurologic condition. Small differences in these assumptions can lead to widely divergent estimates of the market potential of
our product. Additionally, although our approved product label is indicated to treat PBA, without regard for the underlying neurological condition, it is possible that physicians, the FDA s Office of Prescription Drug Promotion OPDP or others may interpret the label more narrowly than the FDA s approving division s approval for a broad PBA label and believe that PBA secondary to certain conditions, such as Alzheimer s disease, is not an
indicated use. If such interpretations are widespread, the actual market size may be smaller than we have estimated. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any particular estimates of equity research analysts or industry
sources. Significant safety or drug interaction problems could arise with respect to N UEDEXTA , which could
result in restrictions in N UEDEXTA s label, recalls, withdrawal of N UEDEXTA from the market, an adverse impact on potential sales of N UEDEXTA , or cause us to alter or terminate current or future
N UEDEXTA clinical development programs, any of which would adversely impact our future business prospects. 
 Discovery of previously unknown safety or drug interaction problems with an approved product may result in a variety of adverse regulatory
actions. This risk may be increased as physicians, at their own discretion, may prescribe N UEDEXTA for off-label uses which may result in unknown safety or drug interactions. Under the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of
2007, the FDA has broad authority to force drug manufacturers to take any number of actions if previously unknown safety or drug interaction problems arise, including, but not limited to: (i) requiring manufacturers to conduct post-approval
clinical studies to assess known risks or signals of serious risks, or to identify unexpected serious risks; (ii) mandating labeling changes to a product based on new safety information; or (iii) requiring manufacturers to implement a Risk
Evaluation Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, where necessary to assure safe use of the drug. In addition, previously unknown safety or drug interaction problems could result in product recalls, restrictions on the product s permissible uses, or
withdrawal of the product from the market. The combination of dextromethorphan and quinidine has never been marketed for the
treatment of any condition until the approval of N UEDEXTA . N UEDEXTA has only been studied in a limited number of patients in clinical studies and the data submitted to the FDA as part of our New Drug Application was
obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. In connection with the approval of N UEDEXTA , the FDA has required that we conduct certain post-approval studies, which include both non-clinical studies and a pediatric
development plan. New safety or drug interaction issues may arise from these studies or as N UEDEXTA is used over longer periods of time by a wider group of patients. In addition, as we conduct other clinical trials for AVP-923 in
other indications, new safety problems may be identified which could negatively impact both our ability to successfully complete these studies and the use and/or regulatory status of N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA. New safety or
drug interaction issues may result in product liability lawsuits and may require us to, among other things, provide additional warnings and/or restrictions on the N UEDEXTA prescribing information, including a boxed warning, directly
alert healthcare providers of new safety information, narrow our approved indications, or alter or terminate current or planned trials for additional uses of AVP-923, any of which could have a significant adverse impact on potential sales of
N UEDEXTA . In addition, if we are required to conduct additional post-approval clinical studies, implement a
REMS, or take other similar actions, such requirements or restrictions could have a material adverse impact on our ability to generate revenues from sales of N UEDEXTA , and/or require us to expend significant additional funds.
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We have limited capital resources and may need to raise additional funds to support our
operations. We have experienced significant operating losses in funding the research, development, clinical testing and
commercialization of N UEDEXTA and our drug candidates. We expect to continue to incur substantial operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the commercial launch of N UEDEXTA . Although we had
approximately 81.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted investments in marketable securities as of September 30, 2011, we currently do not have sufficient revenue from N UEDEXTA or other sources of recurring
revenue or cash flow from operations to sustain our operations on a profitable basis and it is possible that we may not be able to achieve profitability with our current capital resources. 
 In light of our substantial long-term capital needs, we may need to partner our rights to N UEDEXTA (either in the U.S. or
outside the U.S.) or raise additional capital in the future to finance our long-term operations, until we expect to be able to generate meaningful amounts of revenue from product sales. Based on our current loss rate and existing capital resources
as of the date of this report, we estimate that we have sufficient funds to sustain our operations at their current and anticipated levels into the fourth quarter of calendar 2012, which includes the costs associated with the ongoing marketing of
N UEDEXTA for PBA. Although we expect to be able to raise additional capital if needed, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so or that the available terms of any financing would be acceptable to us. If we are unable to
raise additional capital to fund future operations, then we may be unable to fully execute our development and commercialization plans for N UEDEXTA . This may result in significant delays or cutbacks in the commercialization of
N UEDEXTA and may force us to further curtail our operations or seek to raise additional capital. If we raise
additional capital, we may do so through various financing alternatives, including licensing or sales of our technologies, drugs and/or drug candidates, selling shares of common or preferred stock, through the acquisition of other companies, or
through the issuance of debt securities. Each of these financing alternatives carries certain risks. Raising capital through the issuance of common stock may depress the market price of our stock. Any such financing will dilute our existing
stockholders and, if our stock price is relatively depressed at the time of any such offering, the levels of dilution would be greater. In addition, debt financing, to the extent available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or
restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as making capital expenditures or entering into licensing transactions. If we seek to raise capital through licensing transactions or sales of one or more of our technologies, drugs or drug
candidates, as we have previously done with certain investigational compounds and docosanol 10 cream, then we will likely need to share a significant portion of future revenues from these drug candidates with our licensees. Additionally, the
development of any drug candidates licensed or sold to third parties will no longer be in our control and thus we may not realize the full value of any such relationships. We have licensed or sold most of our non-core drug development programs and related assets and these and other possible future dispositions carry certain risks. 
 We have entered into agreements for the licensing or sale of our non-core assets, including FazaClo, our anthrax antibody program, and
other antibodies in our infectious disease program, as well as docosanol in the U.S. and other markets worldwide. As a result, we do not currently have a diversified pipeline of product candidates and our long-term success is currently dependent on
N UEDEXTA . From time to time, we have been and will continue to be engaged in discussions with potential licensing or development partners for N UEDEXTA for PBA and/or AVP-923 for other indications and we may choose to
pursue a partnership or license involving N UEDEXTA , if the terms are attractive. However, these transactions involve numerous risks, including: 

diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

disputes over earn-outs, working capital adjustments or contingent payment obligations; 

insufficient proceeds to offset expenses associated with the transactions; and 

the potential loss of key employees following such a transaction. 
 Transactions such as these carry significant risks where a large portion of the total consideration is contingent upon post-closing
events, such as commercialization or sales milestones. We may not exercise control over whether 
 13 

Table of Contents 

these milestones are met and, if they are not met, then a potentially large portion of the value of the transaction may not be realized. Disputes may also develop over these and other terms, such
as representations and warranties, indemnities, earn-outs, and other provisions in the transaction agreements. If disputes are resolved unfavorably, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected and we may not realize
the anticipated benefits from the transactions. Disputes relating to these transactions can lead to expensive and
time-consuming litigation and may subject us to unanticipated liabilities or risks, disrupt our operations, divert management s attention from day-to-day operations, and increase our operating expenses. See Item 3 Legal
Proceedings for further discussion relating to a lawsuit filed by Neal R. Cutler, M.D., founder of Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC. The FDA s safety concerns regarding our prior formulation of N UEDEXTA , known as AVP-923, for the treatment of PBA extend to other clinical indications that we have been pursuing,
including DPN pain. Due to these concerns, any future development of AVP-923 for other indications, including central neuropathic pain in patients with MS, is expected to use an alternative lower-dose quinidine formulation, which may negatively
affect efficacy. We have successfully completed a single Phase III trial for AVP-923 in the treatment of DPN pain. In
communications regarding the continued development of AVP-923 for this indication, the FDA has expressed that the safety concerns and questions raised in the PBA approvable letter necessitate the testing of a low-dose quinidine formulation in the
DPN pain indication as well. Additionally, based on feedback we have received from the FDA on the proposed continued development of AVP-923 for this indication, we believe it is likely that two large well-controlled Phase III trials would be needed
to support a supplemental NDA filing for this indication. Due to our limited capital resources, we do not expect that we will be able to conduct the trials needed for this indication without additional capital or a development partner for
N UEDEXTA . Moreover, although we achieved positive results in our initial Phase III trial, an alternative low-dose quinidine formulation may not yield the same levels of efficacy as seen in the earlier trials or as predicted based on
our subsequent pharmacokinetic study. Any decrease in efficacy may be so great that the drug does not demonstrate a statistically significant improvement over placebo or an active comparator. Additionally, any alternative low-dose quinidine
formulation that we develop may not sufficiently satisfy the FDA s safety concerns. If this were to happen, we may not be able to pursue the development of AVP-923 for other indications, including central neuropathic pain in patients with MS,
behavioral disturbances related to emotional lability in patients with Alzheimer s disease, or may need to undertake significant additional clinical trials, which would be costly and cause potentially substantial delays. 
 If our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others, we may incur damages and be required to incur the expense of
obtaining a license. Even if we successfully secure our intellectual property rights, third parties, including other
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, may allege that our technology infringes on their rights. Intellectual property litigation is costly, and even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, the cost of litigation could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Litigation is also time consuming and could divert management s attention and resources away from our operations and other activities. If we were to lose any litigation, in addition to
any damages we would have to pay, we could be required to stop the infringing activity or obtain a license. Any required license might not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Some licenses might be non-exclusive, and our competitors
could have access to the same technology licensed to us. If we were to fail to obtain a required license or were unable to design around a competitor s patent, we would be unable to sell or continue to develop some of our products, which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on market research
to evaluate the potential commercial acceptance of N UEDEXTA . Based on the results of our market research,
we believe that physicians are likely to continue to support the use and adoption of N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA. We conduct market research in accordance with Good Marketing Research Practices; however, research findings may
not be indicative of the response we might receive from a broader sample of physicians. Moreover, these results are based on physicians impressions formed from a description of the product, and not actual results from having prescribed the
product, which could result in different responses from those same or other physicians. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 It is unclear whether we would be eligible for patent-term restoration in the U.S. under
applicable law and we therefore do not know whether our patent-term can be extended. Some of our U.S. patents may be
eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. Due to receipt of approval for N UEDEXTA , the Hatch-Waxman Amendments
permit a patent restoration term of up to five years for one of our patents covering N UEDEXTA as compensation for the patent term lost during product development and the regulatory review process. The patent term restoration period is
generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application with a maximum of five years. In addition, the patent term
restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years after the product s approval date. Because N UEDEXTA is not a new chemical entity, but is a combination of two previously approved products, it is
uncertain whether N UEDEXTA will be granted any patent term restoration under the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office guidelines. Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA, may also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications for competing product candidates. The FDCA provides three years of non-patent marketing
exclusivity for an NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application. This three-year exclusivity covers
only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving abbreviated NDAs (ANDA) for drugs containing the original active agent. 
 Once the three-year FDCA exclusivity period has passed and after the patents (including the patent restoration term, if any) that cover
N UEDEXTA expire or have been invalidated, generic drug companies would be able to introduce competing versions of the drug. If we are unsuccessful in defending our patents against generic competition, our long-term revenues from
N UEDEXTA sales may be less than expected, we may have greater difficulty finding a development partner or licensee for N UEDEXTA and the costs to defend the patents would be significant. 
 We may be unable to protect our unpatented proprietary technology and information. 
 In addition to our patented intellectual property, we also rely on trade secrets and confidential information. We may be unable to
effectively protect our rights to such proprietary technology or information. Other parties may independently develop or gain access to equivalent technologies or information and disclose it for others to use. Disputes may arise about inventorship
and corresponding rights to know-how and inventions resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by us and our corporate partners, licensees, scientific and academic collaborators and consultants. In addition, confidentiality
agreements and material transfer agreements we have entered into with these parties and with employees and advisors may not provide effective protection of our proprietary technology or information or, in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure,
may not provide adequate remedies. If we fail to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions, we would not be able
to market our products abroad and our revenue prospects would be limited. We are seeking to have our products or product
candidates, including N UEDEXTA , marketed outside the United States. In order to market our products in the European Union and many other foreign jurisdictions, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and
varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and jurisdictions and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The foreign regulatory
approval processes may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all, and may not qualify or be accepted for accelerated review in foreign countries. For
example, our development partner in Japan encountered significant difficulty in seeking approval of docosanol in that country and was forced to abandon efforts to seek approval in that country. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by
regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may not
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. The failure to obtain these approvals could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face challenges recruiting and retaining members of
management and other key personnel. The industry in which we compete has a high level of employee mobility and aggressive
recruiting of skilled employees. This type of environment creates intense competition for qualified personnel, particularly in commercial, clinical and regulatory affairs, research and development and accounting and finance. Because we have a
relatively small management team, the loss of any executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer, key members of senior management or other key employees, could adversely affect our operations. 
 Future business development activity could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. 
 In order to augment our product pipeline or otherwise strengthen our business, we may decide to acquire additional businesses, products
and technologies. As we have limited experience in evaluating and completing acquisitions, our ability as an organization to make such acquisitions is unproven. Acquisitions could require significant capital infusions and could involve many risks,
including, but not limited to, the following: 

we may have to issue debt or equity securities to complete business development activities, which would dilute our stockholders and could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock, and we may issue securities or rights with contingent payment obligations, which could have variable accounting treatment and negative accounting consequences; 

business development activity may negatively impact our results of operations because it may require us to amortize or write down amounts related to
goodwill and other intangible assets, or incur or assume substantial debt or liabilities, or it may cause adverse tax or accounting consequences, substantial depreciation or deferred compensation charges; 

we may encounter difficulties in assimilating and integrating the business, products, technologies, personnel or operations of companies that we
acquire; 

certain business development activities may impact our relationship with existing or potential partners who are competitive with the acquired
business, products or technologies; 

business development activities may require significant capital infusions and the acquired businesses, products or technologies may not generate
sufficient value to justify acquisition costs; 

business development activity may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management;

business development activities may involve the entry into a geographic or business market in which we have little or no prior
experience; and 

key personnel of an acquired company may decide not to work for us. 
 If any of these risks occurred, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to identify or consummate any future acquisitions on acceptable terms, or at all. If we do pursue any acquisitions, it is possible that we may not realize the anticipated benefits from such acquisitions or that the market will
not view such acquisitions positively. Our operations might be interrupted by the occurrence of a natural disaster or other
catastrophic event. Our principal operations are located in Aliso Viejo, California. We depend on our facilities and on
our partners, contractors and vendors for the continued operation of our business. Natural disasters or other catastrophic events, interruptions in the supply of natural resources, political and governmental changes, wildfires and other fires,
floods, explosions, actions of animal rights activists, earthquakes and civil unrest could disrupt our operations or those of our partners, contractors and vendors. Even though we believe we carry commercially reasonable business interruption and
liability insurance, and our contractors may carry liability insurance that protect us in certain events, we might suffer losses as a result of business interruptions that exceed the coverage available under
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

our and our contractors insurance policies or for which we or our contractors do not have coverage. Any natural disaster or catastrophic event could have a significant negative impact on
our operations and financial results. However, we have a disaster recovery plan in place for our information technology infrastructure that generally allows us to have our systems operational in as little as four hours of triggering the disaster
recovery plan, depending on the severity of the disaster. Moreover, any such event could impact the commercialization of N UEDEXTA and our research and development programs. Risks Relating to Our Industry The pharmaceutical industry is highly
competitive and most of our competitors have larger operations and have greater resources. As a result, we face significant competitive hurdles. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are highly competitive and subject to significant and rapid technological change. We compete with hundreds of companies that develop and market products and
technologies in areas similar to those in which we are performing our research. For example, we expect that N UEDEXTA will face competition from antidepressants, atypical anti-psychotic agents and other agents in the treatment of PBA.
Additionally, N UEDEXTA is currently facing challenges from generic drug companies, as described above. Our competitors may have specific expertise and development technologies that are better than ours and many of these companies, which include large pharmaceutical companies, either alone or together with
their research partners, have substantially greater financial resources, larger research and development capabilities and substantially greater experience than we do. Accordingly, our competitors may successfully develop competing products. We are
also competing with other companies and their products with respect to manufacturing efficiencies and marketing capabilities, areas where we have limited or no direct experience. 
 If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us, which could significantly harm our
business. Marketed products, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising
and promotional activities for these products, are subject to continual requirements and review by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. In addition, regulatory authorities subject a marketed product, its manufacturer and the manufacturing facilities
to ongoing review and periodic inspections. We will be subject to ongoing FDA requirements, including required submissions of safety and other post-market information and reports, registration requirements, current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP regulations, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping requirements. 
 The cGMP regulations also include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance, as well as the corresponding maintenance
of records and documentation. We rely on the compliance by our contract manufacturers with cGMP regulations and other regulatory requirements relating to the manufacture of products. We are also subject to state laws and registration requirements
covering the distribution of our products. Regulatory agencies may change existing requirements or adopt new requirements or policies. We may be slow to adapt or may not be able to adapt to these changes or new requirements. 
 We face uncertainty related to healthcare reform, pricing and reimbursement, which could reduce our revenue. 
 In the United States, President Obama signed in March 2010 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care
and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (collectively, PPACA ), which is expected to substantially change the way health care is financed by both governmental and private payors. PPACA provides for changes to extend medical
benefits to those who currently lack insurance coverage, encourages improvements in the quality of health care items and services, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry in a number of ways, further listed below. By extending
coverage to a larger population, PPACA may substantially change the structure of the health insurance system and the methodology for reimbursing medical services, drugs and devices. These structural changes, as well as other changes that may be made
as part of deficit and debt reduction efforts in Congress, could entail modifications to the existing system of private payors and government programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid and State Children s Health Insurance Program, as well as the
creation of a government-sponsored healthcare insurance source, or some combination of both. Such restructuring 
 17 

Table of Contents 

of the coverage of medical care in the United States could impact the extent of reimbursement for prescribed drugs, including our product candidates, biopharmaceuticals, and medical devices. Some
of the specific PPACA provisions, among other things: 

Establish annual, non-deductible fees on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologics;

Increase minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; 

Extend manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care
organizations; 

Establish a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
research; 

Require manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer 50 percent point-of-sale discounts
off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and 

Increase the number of entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program.
 If future reimbursement for N UEDEXTA or any other approved product candidates, if any, is
substantially less than we project, or rebate obligations associated with them are substantially increased, our business could be materially and adversely impacted. Sales of N UEDEXTA for treatment of patients with PBA will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors such as government insurance programs,
including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other health care related organizations. Accordingly, coverage and reimbursement may be uncertain. Adoption of N UEDEXTA by the medical
community may be limited if third-party payors will not offer coverage. Cost control initiatives may decrease coverage and payment levels for N UEDEXTA and, in turn, the price that we will be able to charge. We are unable to predict
all changes to the coverage or reimbursement methodologies that will be applied by private or government payors to N UEDEXTA . Any denial of private or government payor coverage or inadequate reimbursement for procedures performed using
N UEDEXTA could harm our business and reduce our revenue. In addition, both the federal and state governments in
the United States and foreign governments continue to propose and pass new legislation affecting coverage and reimbursement policies, which are designed to contain or reduce the cost of health care, as well as hold public hearings on these matters,
which has resulted in certain private companies dropping the prices of their drugs. Further federal and state proposals and healthcare reforms are likely, which could limit the prices that can be charged for the product candidates that we develop
and may further limit our commercial opportunity. There may be future changes that result in reductions in current coverage and reimbursement levels for our products, if commercialized, and we cannot predict the scope of any future changes or the
impact that those changes would have on our operations. We rely on insurance companies to mitigate our exposure for
business activities, including developing and marketing pharmaceutical products for human use. The conduct of our
business, including the testing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products, involves the risk of liability claims by consumers, stockholders, and other third parties. Although we maintain various types of insurance, including product liability
and director and officer liability, claims can be high and our insurance may not sufficiently cover our actual liabilities. If liability claims were made against us, it is possible that our insurance carriers may deny, or attempt to deny, coverage
in certain instances. If a lawsuit against us is successful, then the lack or insufficiency of insurance coverage could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. Furthermore, various distributors of pharmaceutical
products require minimum product liability insurance coverage before their purchase or acceptance of products for distribution. Failure to satisfy these insurance requirements could impede our ability to achieve broad distribution of our proposed
products and the imposition of 
 18 

Table of Contents 

higher insurance requirements could impose additional costs on us. Additionally, we are potentially at risk if our insurance carriers become insolvent. Although we have historically obtained
coverage through highly rated and capitalized firms, the ongoing financial crisis may affect our ability to obtain coverage under existing policies or purchase insurance under new policies at reasonable rates. 
 If we market products in a manner that violates health care fraud and abuse laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
 We are also subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by both the federal government and the states
in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal healthcare programs Anti-Kickback Law, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting,
receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal
healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a
scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; and 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services
reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. If our operations are found to be in
violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from governmental health care programs, and the
curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have
not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Further, the recently enacted PPACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal
anti-kickback and criminal health care fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the PPACA provides that the government may assert that a claim
including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. Moreover, some states, such as California, Massachusetts and Vermont,
mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs to ensure compliance with these laws. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and
divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. In addition, there has been a recent trend of
increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians for marketing, including the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to
build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements.
 The PPACA also imposes new reporting and disclosure requirements on drug manufacturers for any transfer of value 
made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers, effective March 31, 2013. Such information will be made publicly available in a searchable format beginning September 30, 2013. In addition, drug manufacturers will also be
required to report and disclose any investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of
 150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing failures ), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

annual submission. Finally, under PPACA, effective April 1, 2012, pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors must provide the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services with an annual
report on the drug samples they provide to physicians. We may incur significant liability if it is determined that we are
promoting the off-label use of drugs. Companies may not promote drugs for off-label 
uses that is, uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those approved by the FDA, Therapeutic Products Directorate, or TPD, or other applicable regulatory agencies. Physicians may prescribe drug
products for off-label uses, and such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Although the FDA, TPD and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician s choice of treatments, the FDA, TPD and other regulatory agencies do
restrict communications by pharmaceutical companies or their sales representatives on the subject of off-label use. The FDA, TPD and other regulatory agencies actively enforce regulations prohibiting promotion of off-label uses and the promotion of
products for which marketing clearance has not been obtained. A company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions.
Notwithstanding the regulatory restrictions on off-label promotion, the FDA, TPD and other regulatory authorities allow companies to engage in truthful, non-misleading, and non-promotional speech concerning their products. The Company has taken
numerous steps to ensure compliance is a high priority throughout the organization and we believe that all of our communications regarding all of our products are in compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements, however, the FDA, TPD or
another regulatory authority may disagree, and we may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies, as well as criminal sanctions. In addition, management s attention could be diverted from our business
operations and our reputation could be damaged. Our distribution partners may also be the subject of regulatory investigations involving, or remedies or sanctions for, off-label uses of products we have licensed to them, which may have an adverse
impact on sales of such licensed products, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common shares to decline. 
 There are a number of difficulties and risks associated with clinical trials and our trials may not yield the expected results.
 There are a number of difficulties and risks associated with conducting clinical trials. For instance, we may discover
that a product candidate does not exhibit the expected therapeutic results, may cause harmful side effects or have other unexpected characteristics that may delay or preclude regulatory approval or limit commercial use if approved. It typically
takes several years to complete a late-stage clinical trial and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. If clinical trial difficulties or failures arise, our product candidates may never be approved for sale or become commercially viable.
 In addition, the possibility exists that: 

the results from earlier clinical trials may not be predictive of results that will be obtained from subsequent clinical trials, particularly larger
trials; 

institutional review boards or regulators, including the FDA, may hold, suspend or terminate our clinical research or the clinical trials of our
product candidates for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or if, in their opinion, the participating subjects are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

subjects may drop out of our clinical trials; 

our preclinical studies or clinical trials may produce negative, inconsistent or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us,
to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

trial results derived from top-line data, which is based on a preliminary analysis of efficacy and safety data related to primary and secondary
endpoints, may change following a more comprehensive review of the complete data set derived from a particular clinical trial or may change due to FDA requests to analyze the data differently; and 

the cost of our clinical trials may be greater than we currently anticipate. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 It is possible that earlier clinical and pre-clinical trial results may not be predictive of
the results of subsequent clinical trials. If earlier clinical and/or pre-clinical trial results cannot be replicated or are inconsistent with subsequent results, our development programs may be cancelled or deferred. In addition, the results of
these prior clinical trials may not be acceptable to the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities because the data may be incomplete, outdated or not otherwise acceptable for inclusion in our submissions for regulatory approval. 
 Additionally, the FDA has substantial discretion in the approval process and may reject our data or disagree with our interpretations of
regulations or draw different conclusions from our clinical trial data or ask for additional information at any time during their review. Although we would work to be able to fully address any such FDA concerns, we may not be able to resolve all such matters favorably, if at all. Disputes that are not resolved favorably could result in one
or more of the following: 

delays in our ability to submit an NDA; 

the refusal by the FDA to accept for filing any NDA we may submit; 

requests for additional studies or data; 

delays in obtaining an approval; 

the rejection of an application; or 

the approval of the drug, but with adverse labeling claims that could adversely affect the commercial market. 
 If we do not receive regulatory approval to sell our product candidates or cannot successfully commercialize our product candidates, we
would not be able to generate meaningful levels of sustainable revenues. Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties 
 We depend on third parties to manufacture, package and distribute compounds for our drugs and drug candidates. The failure of these
third parties to perform successfully could harm our business. We have utilized, and intend to continue utilizing, third
parties to manufacture, package and distribute N UEDEXTA and the API for docosanol 10 cream and to provide clinical supplies of our drug candidates. We have no experience in manufacturing and do not have any manufacturing facilities.
Currently, we have sole suppliers for the API for docosanol and N UEDEXTA , and a sole manufacturer for the finished form of N UEDEXTA . In addition, these materials are custom and available from only a limited number of
sources. In particular, there may be a limited supply source for APIs in N UEDEXTA . Although we maintain a significant supply of APIs on hand, any sustained disruption in this supply could adversely affect our operations and revenues.
Any material disruption in manufacturing could cause a delay in shipments and possible loss of sales. We do not have any long-term agreements in place with our current docosanol supplier or N UEDEXTA API suppliers. If we are required
to change manufacturers, we may experience delays associated with finding an alternate manufacturer that is properly qualified to produce supplies of our products and product candidates in accordance with FDA requirements and our specifications. Any
delays or difficulties in obtaining APIs or in manufacturing, packaging or distributing N UEDEXTA could negatively affect our sales revenues, as well as delay our clinical trials of this product candidate for DPN pain, MS-related pain
or other potential indications. The third parties we rely on for manufacturing and packaging are also subject to regulatory review, and any regulatory compliance problems with these third parties could significantly delay or disrupt our
commercialization activities. Additionally, the ongoing economic crisis creates risk for us if any of these third parties suffer liquidity or operational problems. If a key third party vendor becomes insolvent or is forced to lay off workers
assisting with our projects, our results and development timing could suffer. Because we depend on clinical research
centers and other contractors for clinical testing and for certain research and development activities, the results of our clinical trials and such research activities are, to a certain extent, beyond our control. 
 The nature of clinical trials and our business strategy of outsourcing a substantial portion of our research require that we rely on
clinical research centers and other contractors to assist us with research and development, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

clinical testing activities, patient enrollment and regulatory submissions to the FDA. As a result, our success depends partially on the success of these third parties in performing their
responsibilities. Although we pre-qualify our contractors and we believe that they are fully capable of performing their contractual obligations, we cannot directly control the adequacy and timeliness of the resources and expertise that they apply
to these activities. Additionally, the current global economic slowdown may affect our development partners and vendors, which could adversely affect their ability to timely perform their tasks. If our contractors do not perform their obligations in
an adequate and timely manner, the pace of clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our drug candidates could be significantly delayed and our prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We generally do not control the development of compounds licensed to third parties and, as a result, we may not realize a significant
portion of the potential value of any such license arrangements. Under our typical license arrangement we have no direct
control over the development of drug candidates and have only limited, if any, input on the direction of development efforts. These development efforts are made by our licensing partner, and if the results of their development efforts are negative
or inconclusive, it is possible that our licensing partner could elect to defer or abandon further development of these programs. We similarly rely on licensing partners to obtain regulatory approval for docosanol in foreign jurisdictions. Because
much of the potential value of these license arrangements is contingent upon the successful development and commercialization of the licensed technology, the ultimate value of these licenses will depend on the efforts of licensing partners. If our
licensing partners do not succeed in developing the licensed technology for whatever reason, or elect to discontinue the development of these programs, we may be unable to realize the potential value of these arrangements. If we were to license
N UEDEXTA to a third party or a development partner, it is likely that much of the long-term success of that drug will similarly depend on the efforts of the licensee. 
 We expect to rely entirely on third parties for international registration, sales and marketing efforts. 
 In the event that we attempt to enter into international markets, in some instances we expect to rely on collaborative partners to obtain
regulatory approvals and to market and sell our product(s) in those markets. We have not yet entered into any collaborative arrangement with respect to marketing or selling N UEDEXTA , with the exception of one such agreement relating
to Israel. We may be unable to enter into any other arrangements on terms favorable to us, or at all, and even if we are able to enter into sales and marketing arrangements with collaborative partners, we cannot assure you that their sales and
marketing efforts will be successful. If we are unable to enter into favorable collaborative arrangements with respect to marketing or selling N UEDEXTA in international markets, or if our collaborators efforts are unsuccessful,
our ability to generate revenues from international product sales will suffer. Risks Relating to Our Stock 
 Our stock price has historically been volatile and we expect that this volatility will continue for the foreseeable future.
 The market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile. This volatility can be
attributed to many factors independent of our operating results, including the following: 

comments made by securities analysts, including changes in their recommendations; 

short selling activity by certain investors, including any failures to timely settle short sale transactions; 

announcements by us of financing transactions and/or future sales of equity or debt securities; 

sales of our common stock by our directors, officers or significant stockholders, including sales effected pursuant to predetermined trading
plans adopted under the safe-harbor afforded by Rule 10b5-1; 

regulatory developments in the U.S. and foreign countries, including the passage of laws, rules or regulations relating to healthcare and
reimbursement or the public announcement of inquiries relating to these subjects; 

lack of volume of stock trading leading to low liquidity; and 

market and economic conditions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 If a substantial number of shares are sold into the market at any given time, particularly
following any significant announcements or large swings in our stock price (whether sales are under our existing shelf registration statements, from an existing stockholder, or the result of warrant or stock options exercised), there may
not be sufficient demand in the market to purchase the shares without a decline in the market price for our common stock. Moreover, continuous sales into the market of a number of shares in excess of the typical trading volume for our common stock,
or even the availability of such a large number of shares, could depress the trading market for our common stock over an extended period of time. Additionally, our stock price has been volatile as a result of announcements of regulatory actions and decisions relating to N UEDEXTA , and periodic variations in our operating results. We
expect that our operating results will continue to vary from quarter to quarter, particularly as we continue to market N UEDEXTA and report initial sales results. Our operating results and prospects may also vary depending on the
status of our partnering arrangements. As a result of these factors, we expect that our stock price may continue to be
volatile and investors may be unable to sell their shares at a price equal to, or above, the price paid. Additionally, any significant drops in our stock price could give rise to stockholder lawsuits, which are costly and time consuming to defend
against and which may adversely affect our ability to raise capital while the suits are pending, even if the suits are ultimately resolved in favor of the Company. We have, from time to time, been a party to such suits and although none have been
material to date, there can be no assurance that any such suit will not have an adverse effect on the Company. If our
internal controls over financial reporting are not considered effective, our business and stock price could be adversely affected. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, and to include a
management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting in our annual report on Form 10-K for that fiscal year. Section 404 also requires our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to,
and report on, management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, and we again became subject to these requirements starting with the year ended September 30, 2010. 
 Our management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls over
financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of
a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud involving a company have been, or will be, detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot
assure you that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become ineffective because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We cannot assure you that we or our independent registered public accounting firm will not
identify a material weakness in our internal controls in the future. A material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting would require management and our independent registered public accounting firm to consider our internal
controls as ineffective. If our internal controls over financial reporting are not considered effective, we may experience a loss of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our business and on the market price of our common stock.
 Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on stock appreciation for any return on
your investment. We have paid no cash dividends on our common stock to date, and we currently intend to retain our future
earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, and payment of cash dividends, if any, will also depend on our financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements and other factors and will be at the discretion of our board of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

directors. Furthermore, we may in the future become subject to contractual restrictions on, or prohibitions against, the payment of dividends. Accordingly, the success of your investment in our
common stock will likely depend entirely upon any future appreciation. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased your shares, and you may not realize a return on your
investment in our common stock. Our corporate governance documents, rights agreement and Delaware law may delay or prevent
an acquisition of us that stockholders may consider favorable, which could decrease the value of our common stock. Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include restrictions on the ability of our
stockholders to remove directors and supermajority voting requirements for stockholders to amend our organizational documents and a classified board of directors. In addition, our board of directors has the right to issue preferred stock without
stockholder approval, which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Delaware law, for instance, also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between any holder of 15 or more of our
outstanding common stock and us. Although we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics and thereby provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to
negotiate with our board of directors, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. We have also adopted a stockholder rights agreement intended to deter hostile or coercive attempts to acquire us.
Under the agreement, if a person becomes an acquiring person, each holder of a right (other than the acquiring person) will be entitled to purchase, at the then-current exercise price, such number of shares of our preferred stock which
are equivalent to shares of common stock having twice the exercise price of the right. If we are acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction after any such event, each holder of a right will then be entitled to purchase, at the
then-current exercise price, shares of the acquiring company s common stock having a value of twice the exercise price of the right. Our stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage
a third party from acquiring, us or a large block of our common stock without the support of our board of directors. Therefore, the agreement makes an acquisition much more costly to a potential acquirer. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 Our headquarters and commercial and administrative offices are located in Aliso Viejo, California, where we currently occupy approximately
30,000 square feet. The Aliso Viejo office lease expires in November 2016. We lease approximately 30,370 square feet
in two buildings in San Diego. The terms of the leases for the San Diego facilities end in January 2013. The San Diego buildings are sublet through January 2013. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 N UEDEXTA ANDA Litigation In June and July 2011, we received Paragraph IV certification notices from four separate companies contending that certain of our patents listed in the FDA Orange Book (U.S. Patents 7,659,282 282 Patent and RE 38,115 115 Patent ), which expire in August 2026 and January 2016, respectively) are invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale of a
generic form of N UEDEXTA as described in those companies ANDAs. In August 2011, we filed lawsuits in the U.S District Court for the District of Delaware against Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc.
(collectively Par ), Actavis South Atlantic LLC and Actavis, Inc. (collectively Actavis ), Wockhardt USA, LLC and Wockhardt, Ltd. (collectively, Wockhardt ), and Impax Laboratories, Inc. Impax (Par,
Actavis, Wockhardt and Impax, collectively the Defendants ). All four lawsuits (collectively, the ANDA Actions were filed on the basis that the 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Defendants submissions of their respective ANDAs to obtain approval to manufacture, use, sell, or offer for sale generic versions of N UEDEXTA prior to the expiration of the
 282 Patent and the 115 Patent listed in the FDA Orange Book constitute infringement of one or more claims of those patents. Pursuant to the provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act, FDA final approval of the ANDAs submitted by the Defendants can occur no earlier than October 29, 2013. Further, as a result of the 30-month stay
associated with the filing of the ANDA Actions, the FDA cannot grant final approval to any ANDA before December 30, 2013, unless there is an earlier court decision holding that the 282 and 115 patents are not infringed and/or are
invalid. We intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to N UEDEXTA , but we cannot predict the outcome of these matters. Alamo and Azur Litigation In October 2011, Neal R. Cutler, M.D., the
founder of Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC Alamo ), filed a lawsuit in California Superior Court against AzurPharma International III Limited and AzurPharma Limited (collectively, Azur and Avanir (the Cutler Action ).
We purchased Alamo in 2006 to acquire rights to FazaClo, an approved anti-psychotic drug. In connection with this acquisition of Alamo, we agreed to provide the Alamo equity holders, including Dr. Cutler, with milestone payments tied to the
aggregate net revenues of FazaClo. In 2007, we sold FazaClo and its related assets and operations to Azur. In connection with this sale, Azur agreed to assume the milestone payment obligations due to Dr. Cutler under the Alamo purchase
agreement, although we may remain liable for these payments if Azur defaults on these obligations. In the Cutler Action, Dr. Cutler alleges that Azur has failed to make certain sales information available to Dr. Cutler and has withheld
payments to which Dr. Cutler is entitled. Dr. Cutler alleges that Avanir has acquiesced in this conduct, and Dr. Cutler seeks to hold both Azur and Avanir liable for these actions. We maintain that we have not acquiesced.
Dr. Cutler is seeking damages in an amount that may exceed 35 million, as well as attorneys fees. As of September 30, 2011, we believe there is a low likelihood of an outcome adverse to us, and as such, we have not recorded any
liability related to any potential legal settlement that may be assessed against us. However, we will continue to evaluate the need for any such liability in the future. In the ordinary course of business, we may face various claims brought by third parties and we may, from time to time, make claims or take legal actions to assert our rights, including intellectual
property rights as well as claims relating to employment matters and the safety or efficacy of our products. Any of these claims could subject us to costly litigation and, while we generally believe that we have adequate insurance to cover many
different types of liabilities, our insurance carriers may deny coverage, may be inadequately capitalized to pay on valid claims, or our policy limits may be inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If this were to happen, the
payment of any such awards could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or not successful, could damage our reputation and business. Management
believes the outcome of currently pending claims or lawsuits will not likely have a material effect on our operations or financial position. 

Item 4. 
 Removed and Reserved 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth the high and low prices for our common stock in each of the quarters over the past two fiscal years, as
quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market. 

Common Stock Price 

Fiscal 2011 

Fiscal 2010 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 

5.80 

1.31 

2.68 

1.65 

Second Quarter 

4.53 

3.35 

2.72 

1.67 

Third Quarter 

4.80 

3.00 

3.45 

2.20 

Fourth Quarter 

4.18 

2.46 

3.73 

2.63 
 
 On December 1, 2011, the closing sales price of our common stock was 2.33 per share. 
 As of December 5, 2011, we had approximately 27,738 stockholders, including 373 holders of record and an estimated 27,365 beneficial
owners. We have not paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year return provided stockholders on Avanir
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our
common stock and in each of the indexes on October 1, 2006 and its relative performance is tracked through September 30, 2011. 

Information About Our Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this annual report on
Form 10-K. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data The selected consolidated financial data set forth below at September 30, 2011 and 2010, and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2011, 2010, and 2009, are derived from our audited
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This information should be read in conjunction with those consolidated financial statements, the notes thereto, and with Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The selected consolidated financial data set forth below at September 30, 2009, 2008 and 2007, and for the years ended September 30, 2008 and 2007, are derived from our audited
consolidated financial statements that are contained in reports previously filed with the SEC, not included herein. The quarterly consolidated financial data are derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables include selected consolidated financial data for each of our last five
fiscal years and quarterly data for the last two fiscal years and include adjustments to reflect the classification of our FazaClo Business as discontinued operations. Summary Financial Information 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

Statement of operations data: 
 
 2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Net revenues 

10,495,895 

2,895,474 

4,176,509 

6,958,568 

9,224,561 

Operating expenses 

70,679,330 

29,794,558 

26,017,815 

24,709,901 

33,945,900 

Loss from operations 

(60,629,415) 

(27,096,724) 

(21,924,665) 

(18,962,458) 

(29,368,855) 
 
 Loss before discontinued operations 

(60,631,563) 

(26,694,148) 

(21,996,016) 

(15,912,672) 

(28,381,724) 
 
 (Loss) income from discontinued operations 

(1,583,067) 

7,448,271 

Net loss 

(60,631,563) 

(26,694,148) 

(21,996,016) 

(17,495,739) 

(20,933,453) 
 
 Basic and diluted loss per share: 

Loss before discontinued operations 

(0.51) 

(0.30) 

(0.28) 

(0.27) 

(0.72) 
 
 (Loss) income from discontinued operations 

(0.03) 

0.19 

Net loss 

(0.51) 

(0.30) 

(0.28) 

(0.30) 

(0.53) 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

119,405,230 

87,614,420 

78,844,251 

58,901,030 

39,643,876 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

Balance sheet data: 
 
 2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Cash and cash equivalents 

79,542,564 

38,771,469 

31,486,012 

41,383,930 

30,487,962 

Investments in marketable securities 

2,252,939 

601,550 

468,475 

856,597 

3,153,436 

Total cash, cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities 

81,795,503 

39,373,019 

31,954,487 

42,240,527 

33,641,398 

Working capital 

70,200,594 

32,967,188 

26,685,567 

37,171,636 

29,336,776 

Total assets 

89,648,994 

42,141,198 

34,068,072 

45,906,161 

39,095,893 

Deferred revenues 

7,791,416 

8,476,831 

9,912,367 

12,486,032 

15,320,430 

Notes payable and capital lease obligations 

25,744 

12,024,592 

Total liabilities 

18,309,330 

14,134,642 

14,126,337 

16,905,997 

32,065,659 

Stockholders equity 

71,339,664 

28,006,556 

19,941,735 

29,000,164 

7,030,234 

28 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly statement of operations data 
 for fiscal 2011 (Unaudited): 
 
 Fiscal Quarters Ended 

December 31, 2010 

March 31, 2011 

June 30, 2011 

September 30, 2011 

Net revenues 

1,818,487 

1,436,503 

2,480,135 

4,760,770 

Gross profit 

1,818,487 

1,322,176 

2,360,927 

4,548,325 

Operating expenses 

13,937,227 

15,798,163 

18,409,003 

22,534,937 

Loss from operations 

(12,118,740) 

(14,475,987) 

(16,048,076) 

(17,986,612) 
 
 Net loss 

(12,111,919) 

(14,465,588) 

(16,065,560) 

(17,988,496) 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(0.11) 

(0.12) 

(0.13) 

(0.14) 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

108,396,709 

121,635,339 

123,354,986 

124,325,299 

Quarterly statement of operations data for fiscal 2010 (Unaudited): 
 
 Fiscal Quarters Ended 

December 31, 2009 

March 31, 2010 

June 30, 2010 

September 30, 2010 

Net revenues 

1,484,934 

994,494 

487,350 

(71,304)(1) 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 

1,484,934 

994,494 

407,350 

(188,944) 
 
 Operating expenses 

6,313,368 

7,438,317 

6,521,283 

9,521,590 

Loss from operations 

(4,828,434) 

(6,443,823) 

(6,113,933) 

(9,710,534) 
 
 Net loss 

(4,822,957) 

(6,440,462) 

(5,721,583) 

(9,709,146) 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(0.06) 

(0.08) 

(0.06) 

(0.10) 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

83,159,376 

83,419,640 

89,347,783 

94,458,530 

(1) 
 In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin 108, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, the Company recorded a cumulative non-cash adjustment to correct an immaterial
error related to previously recorded deferred royalty revenue related to the GSK license agreement. The total cumulative non-cash adjustment recorded in the fourth quarter was a decrease in revenue of 797,000 which resulted in net revenues of 71,000) in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2010 and 2.9 million for fiscal 2010. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning future events and performance of our Company. When
used in this report, the words intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, plan, goal and expect and similar expressions as they relate to Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
are included to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these
forward-looking statements. Risks that could cause actual results to differ significantly from our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, risks relating to our product sales, capital resources, commercial market estimates,
safety of N UEDEXTA , future development efforts, patent protection, effects of healthcare reform, reliance on third parties, and other risks set forth below under Item 1A, Risk Factors. We disclaim any intent to update
or announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect actual events or developments. Except as otherwise indicated herein, all dates referred to in this report represent periods or dates fixed with reference to the calendar year, rather
than our fiscal year ending September 30. Executive Overview 
 We are a pharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing novel therapeutic products for the treatment of
central nervous system disorders. In October 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approved N UEDEXTA (referred to as AVP-923 during clinical development), a unique proprietary combination of dextromethorphan
and low-dose quinidine, for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect PBA ). We commenced promotion of N UEDEXTA in the United States in February 2011 and are currently pursuing approval of N UEDEXTA in Europe.
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We are also studying AVP-923 for use in different types of neuropathic pain. We have filed
an Investigational New Drug application IND with the FDA and have initiated a large Phase II clinical trial of AVP-923 for the treatment of central neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis. 
 AVP-923 has also successfully completed a Phase III trial for the treatment of patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain DPN pain ). Additional phase III trials with a modified formulation would need to be completed for approval of this indication. In addition to our focus on products for the central nervous system, we also have a number of partnered programs in other therapeutic areas which may generate future revenue for us. Our first
commercialized product, docosanol 10 cream, (sold in the United States and Canada as Abreva by our marketing
partner GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare) is the only over-the-counter treatment for cold sores that has been approved by the FDA. In 2008, we out-licensed all of our monoclonal antibodies and we remain eligible to receive milestone payments and
royalties related to the sale of these assets. Avanir was incorporated in California in August 1988 and was reincorporated in Delaware in March 2009. The following is a summary of significant accomplishments in fiscal 2011 and subsequent to the end of fiscal 2011 through the date of this filing that have materially affected our operations, financial
condition and prospects: 

On October 29, 2010, we announced that the FDA approved N UEDEXTA as the first treatment for PBA. 

On November 22, 2010, we completed an underwritten public offering of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock. Gross offering proceeds resulting
from the offering were approximately 88,000,000, before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. 

On January 31, 2011, we announced that N UEDEXTA was available by prescription in the United States and we commenced promotion of
N UEDEXTA in February 2011. 

On April 4, 2011, we filed an Investigational New Drug application with the FDA to begin a large Phase II clinical trial of AVP-923, an
investigational drug for the treatment of central neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis. 

On May 4, 2011, we announced the PRISM registry, the first patient registry to further quantify the prevalence and quality of life impact of PBA
in patients with a variety of underlying neurologic conditions. 

In November 2011, we enrolled the first patient in our Phase II clinical trial of AVP-923, an investigational drug for the treatment of central
neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis. 

In November 2011, the European Medicines Agency EMA accepted the filing of the Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for
N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA. The MAA acceptance triggers the initiation of the EMA s scientific assessment and opinion review period which will take a minimum of 210 calendar days. 
 Our principal focus is on the commercialization of N UEDEXTA for the PBA indication. We believe that cash and cash
equivalents and restricted investments of approximately 81.8 million at September 30, 2011, together with funds generated from sales of NUEDEXTA, will be sufficient to fund our operations, for at least the next 15 months. In addition, we
received approximately 7.8 million from the exercise of approximately 5.4 million warrants in December 2011. For additional information about the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business and prospects, please see Item 1A,
 Risk Factors. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make a number of assumptions and estimates that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Significant estimates and
assumptions are required in the determination of revenue recognition in certain royalties. Significant estimates and assumptions are also required in the appropriateness of 
 30 

Table of Contents 

amounts recognized for inventories, income taxes, contingencies and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are available at
that time and that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Some of these judgments can be subjective and complex. For any given individual estimate or assumption made by us, there may also be other estimates or assumptions that are
reasonable. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
Actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. Revenue Recognition We have historically generated revenues from
product sales, collaborative research and development arrangements, and other commercial arrangements such as royalties, the sale of royalty rights and sales of technology rights. Payments received under such arrangements may include non-refundable
fees at the inception of the arrangements, milestone payments for specific achievements designated in the agreements, royalties on sales of products resulting from collaborative arrangements, and payments for the sale of rights to future royalties.
 We recognize revenue when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
(2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) our price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Certain product sales are subject to rights of return. For products sold
where the buyer has the right to return the product, we recognize revenue at the time of sale only if (1) our price to the buyer is substantially fixed or determinable at the date of sale, (2) the buyer has paid us, or the buyer is
obligated to pay us and the obligation is not contingent on resale of the product, (3) the buyer s obligation to us would not be changed in the event of theft or physical destruction or damage of the product, (4) the buyer acquiring
the product for resale has economic substance apart from that provided by us, (5) we do not have significant obligations for future performance to directly bring about resale of the product by the buyer, and (6) the amount of future
returns can be reasonably estimated. We recognize such product revenues on the earlier of when we have met all the above criteria, including the ability to reasonably estimate future returns, when we can reasonably estimate that the return privilege
has substantially expired, or when the return privilege has substantially expired. Product Sales 
N UEDEXTA . N UEDEXTA is sold primarily to third-party wholesalers that, in turn, sell this product to retail pharmacies, hospitals, and other dispensing organizations. We have entered into
agreements with wholesale customers, certain medical institutions and third-party payors throughout the United States. These agreements frequently contain commercial terms, which may include favorable product pricing and discounts and rebates
payable upon dispensing the product to patients. Additionally, these agreements customarily provide the customer with rights to return the product, subject to the terms of each contract. Consistent with pharmaceutical industry practice, wholesale
customers can return purchased product during an 18-month period that begins six months prior to the product s expiration date and ends 12 months after the expiration date. 
 At the present time, we are unable to reasonably estimate future returns due to the lack of sufficient historical returns data for
N UEDEXTA . Accordingly, we invoice the wholesaler, record deferred revenue at gross invoice sales price less estimated cash discounts and distribution fees, and classify the inventory shipped as inventories subject to return. We
currently defer recognition of revenue and the related cost of product sales on shipments of N UEDEXTA until the right of return no longer exists, i.e. when we receive evidence that the products have been dispensed to patients. We
estimate patient prescriptions dispensed using an analysis of third-party information. In the future, we plan to recognize product sales upon shipment to the customer when we believe we have sufficient data to develop reasonable estimates of
expected returns based upon historical returns. Our net product sales represent gross product sales less allowances for
customer credits, including estimated discounts, rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance. These allowances provided by us to a customer are presumed to be a reduction of the selling prices of our products or services and, therefore, are
characterized as a reduction of revenue when recognized in our statement of operations. Allowances for discounts, rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance are estimated based on contractual terms with customers and sell-through data purchased from
third parties. Product shipping and handling costs are included in cost of product sales. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Product Sales Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient docosanol docosanol ). Revenue from sales of docosanol is recorded when title and risk of loss have passed to the buyer provided that the criteria for revenue recognition are met. We sell docosanol to various licensees
upon receipt of a written order for the materials. Shipments generally occur fewer than three times a year. Our contracts for sales of docosanol include buyer acceptance provisions that give buyers the right of replacement if the delivered product
does not meet specified criteria. That right requires that they give us notice within 30 days after receipt of the product. We have the option to refund or replace any such defective materials; however, we have historically demonstrated that
the materials shipped from the same pre-inspected lot have consistently met the specified criteria and no buyer has rejected any of our shipments from the same pre-inspected lot to date. Therefore, we recognize revenue at the time of delivery
without providing any returns reserve. Multiple Element Arrangements. We have, in the past,
entered into arrangements whereby we deliver to the customer multiple elements including technology and/or services. Such arrangements have included some combination of the following: antibody generation services; licensed rights to technology,
patented products, compounds, data and other intellectual property; and research and development services. At the inception of the arrangement, we analyze the multiple element arrangements to determine whether the elements can be separated. If a
product or service is not separable, the combined deliverables will be accounted for as a single unit of accounting. A
delivered element can be separated from other elements when it meets both of the following criteria: (1) the delivered item has value to the customer on a standalone basis; and (2) if the arrangement includes a general right of return
relative to the delivered item, delivery or performance of the undelivered item is considered probable and substantially in our control. If an element can be separated, we allocate amounts based upon the selling price of each element. We determine
the selling price of a separate deliverable using the price we charge other customers when we sell that product or service separately; however, if we do not sell the product or service separately, we use third-party evidence of selling price of a
similar product or service to a similar situated customer. We consider licensed rights or technology to have standalone value to our customers if we or others have sold such rights or technology separately or our customers can sell such rights or
technology separately without the need for our continuing involvement. We have not entered into any multiple element arrangements during fiscal 2011, 2010 or 2009, that require us to estimate selling prices. 
 License Arrangements. License arrangements may consist of non-refundable upfront license fees, data transfer
fees, research reimbursement payments, exclusive licensed rights to patented or patent pending compounds, technology access fees, and various performance or sales milestones. These arrangements are often multiple element arrangements. 
 Non-refundable, up-front fees that are not contingent on any future performance by us, and require no consequential continuing involvement
on our part, are recognized as revenue when the license term commences and the licensed data, technology and/or compound is delivered. Such deliverables may include physical quantities of compounds, design of the compounds and structure-activity
relationships, the conceptual framework and mechanism of action, and rights to the patents or patents pending for such compounds. We defer recognition of non-refundable upfront fees if we have continuing performance obligations without which the
technology, right, product or service conveyed in conjunction with the non-refundable fee has no utility to the licensee that is separate and independent of our performance under the other elements of the arrangement. In addition, if we have
required continuing involvement through research and development services that are related to our proprietary know-how and expertise of the delivered technology, or can only be performed by us, then such up-front fees are deferred and recognized
over the period of continuing involvement. Payments related to substantive, performance-based milestones in a research and
development arrangement are recognized as revenues upon the achievement of the milestones as specified in the underlying agreements when they represent the culmination of the earnings process. 
 Royalty Arrangements. We recognize royalty revenues from licensed products when earned in accordance with
the terms of the license agreements. Net sales amounts generally required to be used for calculating royalties include deductions for returned product, pricing allowances, cash discounts, freight and warehousing. These arrangements are often
multiple element arrangements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Certain royalty arrangements require that royalties are earned only if a sales threshold is
exceeded. Under these types of arrangements, the threshold is typically based on annual sales. For royalty revenue generated from the license agreement with GlaxoSmithKline GSK ), we recognize royalty revenue in the period in which the
threshold is exceeded. When we sell our rights to future royalties under license agreements and also
maintain continuing involvement in earning such royalties, we defer recognition of any upfront payments and recognize them as revenues over the life of the license agreement. We recognize revenues for the sale of an undivided interest of our Abreva license agreement to Drug Royalty USA under the units-of-revenue method. Under this method, the amount
of deferred revenues to be recognized in each period is calculated by multiplying the ratio of the royalty payments due to Drug Royalty USA by GSK for the period to the total remaining royalties the Company expects GSK will pay Drug Royalty USA over
the remaining term of the agreement by the unamortized deferred revenues. Cost of Product Sales 
 Cost of revenues includes third-party royalties, costs to provide research and development services, and direct and indirect costs to
manufacture product sold, including packaging, storage, shipping and handling costs and the write-off of obsolete inventory. 
 Share-Based Compensation We grant options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards to purchase our common stock to our employees, directors and consultants under our stock option plans. The benefits provided under
these plans are share-based payments that we account for using the fair value method. The fair value of each option award is
estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model Black-Scholes model that uses assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, our
expected stock price volatility, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of our common stock and other factors. The
expected terms of options granted are based on analyses of historical employee termination rates and option exercises. The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant. Since we do not expect
to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, we estimated the dividend yield to be 0 . If factors change
and we employ different assumptions in calculating the fair value in future periods, the compensation expense that we record may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the current period. There is a high degree of subjectivity involved
when using option pricing models to estimate share-based compensation. Because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect our estimates of fair values of our share-based compensation, in our opinion, existing valuation models,
including the Black-Scholes and lattice binomial models, may not provide reliable measures of the fair values of our share-based compensation. Consequently, there is a risk that our estimates of the fair values of our share-based compensation awards
on the grant dates may bear little resemblance to the actual values realized upon the exercise, early termination or forfeiture of those share-based payments in the future. Certain share-based payments, such as employee stock options, may expire
worthless or otherwise result in zero intrinsic value as compared to the fair values originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial statements. Alternatively, values may be realized from these instruments that are significantly in excess of the fair values originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial statements. There is
no current market-based mechanism or other practical application to verify the reliability and accuracy of the estimates stemming from these valuation models, nor is there a means to compare and adjust the estimates to actual values. Although the
fair value of employee share-based awards is determined using an option-pricing model, the value derived from that model may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction. 
 The application of the fair value method of accounting for share-based compensation may be subject to further interpretation and
refinement over time. There are significant differences among valuation models, and there is a 
 33 

Table of Contents 

possibility that we will adopt different valuation models in the future. This may result in a lack of consistency in future periods and materially affect the fair value estimate of share-based
payments. It may also result in a lack of comparability with other companies that use different models, methods and assumptions. 
 Theoretical valuation models and market-based methods are evolving and may result in lower or higher fair value estimates for share-based
compensation. The timing, readiness, adoption, general acceptance, reliability and testing of these methods is uncertain. Sophisticated mathematical models may require voluminous historical information, modeling expertise, financial analyses,
correlation analyses, integrated software and databases, consulting fees, customization and testing for adequacy of internal controls. Market-based methods are emerging that, if employed by us, may dilute our earnings per share and involve
significant transaction fees and ongoing administrative expenses. The uncertainties and costs of these extensive valuation efforts may outweigh the benefits to investors. Share-based compensation expense recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest amortized using the straight-line
attribution method. As share-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. The fair
value method requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We estimate forfeitures based on our historical experience. Changes to the
estimated forfeiture rate are accounted for as a cumulative effect of change in the period the change occurred. During fiscal 2011, we reduced our estimated forfeitures from 12.6 to 7.0 resulting in an increase in share-based compensation expense
of approximately 40,000. During fiscal 2010, we reduced our estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit awards from 12.6 to zero percent, as we expect all the awards to vest. This change in the estimated forfeiture rates resulted in
an increase in share-based compensation expense of approximately 93,000 with no effect on loss per share for fiscal 2010. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, we reviewed our estimated forfeiture rate considering then recent actual data resulting
in a reduction to our estimated forfeiture rate from 30.0 to 12.6 in fiscal 2009. Additionally, we reduced our estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit awards from 30.0 to zero percent, as we expected all the awards to vest.
These changes in the estimated forfeiture rates during fiscal 2009 resulted in an increase in share-based compensation expense of 935,000 and an increase to the diluted loss per share of 0.01 for fiscal 2009. 
 Recognition of Expenses in Outsourced Contracts Pursuant to our assessment of the services that have been performed on clinical trials and other contracts, we recognize expense as the services are provided. Our assessments include, but are not limited
to: (1) an evaluation by the project manager of the work that has been completed during the period, (2) measurement of progress prepared internally and/or provided by the third-party service provider, (3) analyses of data that justify
the progress, and (4) management s judgment. Several of our contracts extend across multiple reporting periods, including our largest contract, representing an 11.9 million Phase II clinical trial contract that was entered into
during fiscal 2011. Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities including salaries and
benefits, facilities and other overhead expenses, clinical trials, contract services and other outside expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to operations as they are incurred. Up-front payments to collaborators made in exchange
for the avoidance of potential future milestone and royalty payments on licensed technology are also charged to research and development expense when the drug is still in the development stage, has not been approved by the FDA for commercialization
and concurrently has no alternative uses. We assess our obligations to make milestone payments that may become due under
licensed or acquired technology to determine whether the payments should be expensed or capitalized. We charge milestone payments to research and development expense when: 

The technology is in the early stage of development and has no alternative uses; 
 34 

Table of Contents 

There is substantial uncertainty regarding the future success of the technology or product; 

There will be difficulty in completing the remaining development; and 

There is substantial cost to complete the work. Acquired contractual rights. Payments to acquire contractual rights to a licensed technology or drug candidate are expensed as incurred when there is uncertainty in receiving
future economic benefits from the acquired contractual rights. We consider the future economic benefits from the acquired contractual rights to a drug candidate to be uncertain until such drug candidate is approved by the FDA or when other
significant risk factors are abated. Effects of Inflation We believe the impact of inflation and changing prices on net revenues and on operations has been minimal during the past three years. Results of Operations We operate our business on the basis of a single
reportable segment, which is the business of development, acquisition and commercialization of novel therapeutics for chronic diseases. Our chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who evaluates our company as a single
operating segment. We categorize revenues by type of revenue in five different categories: 1) product sales, 2) royalties and
royalty rights, 3) licensing, 4) government research grant services and 5) research and development services. All long-lived
assets for fiscal 2011 and 2010 are located in the United States. Comparison of Fiscal 2011 and 2010 
 Revenues 

Year ended September 30, 

2011 

2010 

Change 

Change 

REVENUES 

Net product sales 

6,089,306 

6,089,306 

N/A 

Revenues from royalties and royalty rights 

4,406,589 

2,895,474 

1,511,115 

52 

Total revenues 

10,495,895 

2,895,474 

7,600,421 

262 

Total net revenues were 10.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 compared to
 2.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. The increase in net revenues of approximately 7.6 million was primarily attributed to N UEDEXTA product sales of 6.1 million, for which we began commercial
promotion in February 2011. In addition, annual royalty revenue from our license agreement with GSK increased approximately 599,000 and in fiscal 2010, we recorded a non-recurring non-cash adjustment that reduced GSK royalty revenue by 797,000.
 Potential revenue-generating contracts that remained active as of September 30, 2011 include licensing revenue from our
agreement with GSK, potential royalties from our agreements with Azur Pharma and Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. and modest revenue generated from various other licensing agreements. Partnering, licensing and research collaborations have been, and may
continue to be, an important part of our business development strategy. We may continue to seek partnerships with pharmaceutical companies that can help fund our operations in exchange for sharing in the success of any licensed compounds or
technologies. See Note 11, Research, License, Supply and other Agreements, and Note 14, Segment Information, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cost of Product Sales In fiscal 2011, cost of product sales was 446,000 compared to 198,000 in fiscal 2010. The increase in cost of product sales is attributable to the sales of N UEDEXTA for which we began
commercial promotion in February 2011. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 

Year ended September 30, 

2011 

2010 

Change 

Change 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 

15,253,739 

13,322,040 

1,931,699 

15 

Selling and marketing 

38,140,558 

5,719,819 

32,420,739 

567 

General and administrative 

17,285,033 

10,752,699 

6,532,334 

61 

Total operating expenses 

70,679,330 

29,794,558 

40,884,772 

137 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by approximately 1.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 compared to
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. The increase is primarily due to increased spending of 3.6 million in medical affairs activities and 1.6 million in expense related to the clinical study for the treatment of central neuropathic pain
in patients with MS which started in fiscal 2011, partially offset by a 3.1 million reduction in clinical expenses resulting from costs incurred in support of the complete response to the FDA approvable letter in fiscal 2010. We expect expenditures
for research and development expenses to increase from fiscal 2011 levels as we continue to execute on our regulatory filing plan for N UEDEXTA in Europe and continue development of AVP-923 for treatment of central neuropathic pain in
patients with MS and planned studies to assess behavioral disturbances related to emotional lability, such as agitation, in patients with Alzheimer s disease. Selling and Marketing Expenses Selling and marketing expenses
increased by approximately 32.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. The increase is primarily attributed to costs associated with preparation and execution of the
commercial launch of N UEDEXTA , including increased personnel costs of approximately 18.9 million resulting from the hiring of a sales force and other key corporate and commercial headcount resulting in an increase of over 100
employees; increased marketing and market research costs of approximately 12.5 million; and increased other costs of approximately 1.0 million. Selling and marketing expenses are expected to increase as we continue the ongoing marketing of
N UEDEXTA . General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by approximately 6.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, compared to
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. The increase is primarily attributed to increased personnel costs of approximately 3.5 million resulting from the hiring of key corporate headcount to support the commercialization of
N UEDEXTA ; increased legal expense of approximately 1.1 million primarily due to the enforcement of our intellectual property rights; and increased other corporate costs of approximately 1.9 million. General and administrative
expenses are expected to increase as we enforce our intellectual property rights relating to N UEDEXTA . 
 Share-Based Compensation The Company re-examines forfeiture rates as they apply to stock-based compensation on an annual basis. We estimate forfeitures based on our historical experience. Changes to the estimated forfeiture rate
are accounted for as a cumulative effect of change in the period the change occurred. During fiscal 2010, we reduced our estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit awards from 12.6 to zero percent, as we expected all the awards to
vest. This change in the estimated forfeiture rates resulted in an increase in share-based compensation expense of approximately 93,000 with no effect on loss per share for fiscal 2010. Future estimates may differ substantially from
management s current estimates. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Total compensation expense for our share-based payments in the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2011 and 2010 was approximately 3.8 million and 2.7 million, respectively. Research and development expense in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2011 and 2010 includes share-based compensation expense of
approximately 644,000 and 578,000, respectively. Selling and marketing expense in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2011 and 2010 includes share-based compensation expense of approximately 600,000 and 58,000, respectively. General and
administrative expense in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2011 and 2010 includes share-based compensation expense of approximately 2.5 million and 2.1 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2011, approximately 10.4 million of
total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years. See Note 10, Stockholders Equity Employee Equity Incentive Plans, in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Interest Income 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, interest income was approximately 39,000, compared to approximately 15,000 for the
prior fiscal year. The increase is due to a higher average cash balance in fiscal 2011 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Other, net Other, net was approximately 38,000 of expense in fiscal 2011 compared to income of approximately 391,000 in fiscal 2010. In fiscal year 2010, the Company recorded approximately 390,000 as Other, net
under Other Income (Expense) in connection with a legal settlement. (See Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Net Loss Net loss was approximately 60.6 million, or 0.51 per
share, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, compared to a net loss of approximately 26.7 million, or 0.30 per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. The increase in net loss is primarily attributed to costs
incurred for the commercial launch of N UEDEXTA . Comparison of Fiscal 2010 and 2009 
 Revenues and Cost of Revenues 

Year ended September 30, 

2010 

2009 

Change 

Change 

REVENUES 

Revenues from royalties and royalty rights 

2,895,474 

3,642,675 

(747,201) 

21 

Revenues from license agreements 

533,834 

(533,834) 

100 

Total revenues 

2,895,474 

4,176,509 

(1,281,035) 

31 
 
 Revenues Revenues were 2.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010 compared to 4.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2009. The decrease in revenues of approximately 1.3
million was primarily attributed to a decrease in the recognition of deferred royalty revenue, as well as a decrease in licensing revenue related to the license agreement with Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. which was terminated in fiscal 2009.
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, the Company recorded a cumulative non-cash adjustment to correct an immaterial error
related to previously recorded deferred royalty revenue related to the GSK license agreement. The total cumulative non-cash adjustment recorded in the fourth quarter was a decrease in revenue of 797,000 which resulted in net revenues of 71,000)
in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2010 and 2.9 million for fiscal 2010. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2010 and
2009, we generated no product revenue from the sale of the active pharmaceutical ingredient docosanol. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenues 
 In fiscal 2010, cost of revenues was 198,000 compared to 83,000 in fiscal 2009. The increase in cost of revenues was attributed to an
increase in our inventory obsolescence reserve for docosanol. Operating Expenses 

Year ended September 30, 

2010 

2009 

Change 

Change 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 

13,322,040 

15,867,049 

(2,545,009) 

16 

Selling, general and administrative 

16,472,518 

10,150,766 

6,321,752 

62 

Total operating expenses 

29,794,558 

26,017,815 

3,776,743 

15 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses decreased by approximately 2.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010 compared to
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2009. The decrease is primarily due to a reduction in clinical expenses resulting from the completion of the STAR trial in fiscal 2009, partially offset by costs incurred in support of the complete response
to the FDA approvable letter for N UEDEXTA and other regulatory activities. The complete response was submitted to the FDA in the third fiscal quarter of 2010. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased by approximately 6.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2009. The increase is primarily attributed to costs associated with preparation
for commercial readiness for the launch of N UEDEXTA . Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company re-examines forfeiture rates as they apply to stock-based compensation on an annual basis. We estimate forfeitures based on
our historical experience. Changes to the estimated forfeiture rate are accounted for as a cumulative effect of change in the period the change occurred. During fiscal 2010, we reduced our estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit
awards from 12.6 to zero percent, as we expect all the awards to vest. This change in the estimated forfeiture rates resulted in an increase in share-based compensation expense of approximately 93,000 with no effect on loss per share for fiscal
2010. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, we reviewed our estimated forfeiture rate considering then recent actual data resulting in a reduction to our estimated forfeiture rate from 30.0 to 12.6 in fiscal 2009. Additionally, we reduced our
estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit awards from 30.0 to zero percent, as we expected all the awards to vest. These changes in the estimated forfeiture rates during fiscal 2009 resulted in an increase in share-based
compensation expense of 935,000 and an increase to loss per share of 0.01 for fiscal 2009. Future estimates may differ substantially from management s current estimates. Total compensation expense for our share-based payments in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2010 and 2009 was approximately 2.7 million and 2.9 million, respectively. Selling, general
and administrative expense in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2010 and 2009 includes share-based compensation expense of approximately 2.2 million for each period. Research and development expense in the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2010 and 2009 includes share-based compensation expense of approximately 578,000 and 664,000, respectively. See Note 11, Stockholders Equity Employee Equity Incentive Plans, in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense and Interest Income 
 We had no interest expense for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, compared to a nominal amount of 517 for the prior fiscal
year. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, interest income was approximately 15,000, compared to approximately
 204,000 for the prior fiscal year. The decrease is due to a lower investment yield in fiscal 2010 as compared to the prior fiscal year. Other, net Other, net was approximately 391,000 of income in
fiscal 2010 compared to expense of approximately 272,000 in fiscal 2009. In fiscal 2010, the Company recorded approximately 390,000 as Other, net under Other Income (Expense) in connection with a legal settlement. (See Note 9, Commitments
and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). In fiscal 2009, the Company recognized a loss on disposal of fixed assets of approximately 266,000. 
 Net Loss Net loss was approximately 26.7 million, or 0.30 per share, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, compared to a net loss of approximately 22.0 million, or 0.28 per share for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2009. The increase in net loss is primarily attributed to costs incurred in preparation for the commercial launch of N UEDEXTA and regulatory costs associated with the complete response to the
approvable letter and other regulatory activities. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We assess our liquidity based on our ability to generate cash to fund future operations. Key factors in the management of our liquidity
are: cash required to fund operating activities including expected operating losses and the levels of inventories, accounts payable and capital expenditures; the timing and extent of cash received from milestone payments under license agreements;
adequate credit facilities; and financial flexibility to attract long-term equity capital on favorable terms. Historically, cash required to fund on-going business operations has been provided by financing activities and used to fund operations,
working capital requirements and investing activities. Cash, cash equivalents and restricted investments, as well as net cash
provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities, are summarized in the table below. 

September 30, 2011 

Increase During 

September 30, 2010 

Increase During Period 

September 30, 2009 

Cash, cash equivalents and investment in marketable securities 

81,795,503 

42,422,484 

39,373,019 

7,418,532 

31,954,487 

Cash and cash equivalents 

79,542,564 

40,771,095 

38,771,469 

7,285,457 

31,486,012 

Net working capital 

70,200,594 

37,233,406 

32,967,188 

6,281,621 

26,685,567 

Year Ended September 30, 2011 

Change Between Periods 

Year Ended September 30, 2010 

Change Between Periods 

Year Ended September 30, 2009 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(56,521,289) 

(32,722,034) 

(23,799,255) 

(3,509,095) 

(20,290,160) 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(3,474,744) 

(3,128,258) 

(346,486) 

(703,848) 

357,362 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

100,767,128 

69,335,930 

31,431,198 

21,396,318 

10,034,880 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

40,771,095 

33,485,638 

7,285,457 

17,183,375 

(9,897,918) 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Operating activities. Net cash used in operating activities
was approximately 56.5 million in fiscal 2011 compared to approximately 23.8 million in fiscal 2010. The increase is primarily due to expenses related to the commercial launch of N UEDEXTA and the Company s regulatory
activities. Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 20.3 million in fiscal 2009. The increase from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2010 was primarily due to expenses related to the Company s regulatory and commercial readiness
activities. Investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 3.5
million in fiscal 2011, compared to approximately 346,000 in fiscal 2010. The increase is primarily related to the increase in purchases of property and equipment in support of our commercial launch of N UEDEXTA and investments in
securities. In fiscal 2010, cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the purchase of property and equipment in support of our commercial readiness activities and investments in securities. Net cash provided by investing activities in
fiscal 2009 was approximately 357,000. In fiscal 2009, cash provided by investing activities arose primarily from sales and maturities of investments. Financing activities. Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 100.8 million in fiscal 2011 compared to approximately 31.4 million in fiscal 2010.
In fiscal 2011, we raised approximately 96.7 million in gross proceeds (approximately 91.4 million net of offering costs and commissions) from the sale of common stock and approximately 9.3 million from the exercise of warrants and stock options.
In fiscal 2010, we raised approximately 32.7 million in gross proceeds (approximately 31.6 million net of offering costs and commissions) from sales of common stock. Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 10.0 million in
fiscal year 2009. In fiscal 2009, we raised approximately 10.8 million in gross proceeds (approximately 10.2 million net of offering costs and commissions) from sale of common stock. 
 In April 2009, we filed with the SEC a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to sell an aggregate of up to 35.0 million in common
stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. On May 6, 2009, the registration statement was declared effective. On July 30, 2009 we entered into a financing facility with Cantor Fitzgerald Co., providing
for the sale of up to 12,500,000 shares of our common stock from time to time into the open market at prevailing prices. As of December 1, 2011, 9.8 million shares of common stock had been sold for total gross proceeds of 27.9 million
through this facility under our registration statement. Approximately 7.1 million remains on this shelf registration statement. We may or may not sell additional shares under this facility, depending on the volume and price of our common stock, as
well as our capital needs and potential alternative sources of capital, such as a development partner for N UEDEXTA . In September 2009, we filed with the SEC a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to sell an aggregate of up to 75.0 million in common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. On
September 23, 2009, the registration statement was declared effective. In May 2010, we sold an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of our common stock in an underwritten offering at a public offering price of 2.75 per share, resulting in
 27.5 million in gross offering proceeds and approximately 26.6 million in net proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. 
 In September 2010, we filed with the SEC a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to sell an aggregate of up to 75.0 million in common
stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. In November 2010, we completed an underwritten public offering of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock offered at a public offering price of 4.40 per share. Gross offering proceeds resulting
from the offering were approximately 88,000,000, with net proceeds of approximately 83.0 million, after deducting offering discounts, costs and commissions. As of December 1, 2011, approximately 34.5 million of the September 2009 shelf registration statement remains available and there are no funds remaining on the September 2010 shelf registration
statement. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2011, we have contractual obligations for trade expenses and
operating lease obligations, as summarized in the table that follows. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 years 

Operating lease obligations(1) 

5,473,954 

1,709,902 

1,984,668 

1,637,791 

141,593 

Purchase obligations(2) 

5,140,581 

5,140,581 

Total 

10,614,535 

6,850,483 

1,984,668 

1,637,791 

141,593 

(1) 
 Operating lease obligations are exclusive of payments we expect to receive under sublease agreements. 

(2) 
 Purchase obligations consist of the total of trade accounts payable and trade related accrued expenses at September 30, 2011, which approximates our contractual
commitments for goods and services in the normal course of our business. In connection with our acquisition of
Alamo in May 2006, we agreed to pay up to an additional 39,450,000 in revenue-based earn-out payments, based on future sales of FazaClo. These earn-out payments are based on FazaClo sales in the U.S. from the closing date of the acquisition
through December 31, 2018 (the Contingent Payment Period ). We sold the FazaClo product line to Azur in August 2007. Our future earn-out obligations that would have been payable to the prior owner of Alamo Pharmaceuticals upon the
achievement of certain milestones were assumed by Azur, although we may remain liable for these payments if Azur defaults on these obligations. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings Alamo and Azur Litigation. 
 N UEDEXTA License Milestone Payments. We hold the exclusive worldwide marketing rights to
N UEDEXTA for certain indications pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with the Center for Neurologic Study CNS ). We paid a 75,000 milestone upon FDA approval of N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA in fiscal 2011. In addition, we are obligated to pay CNS a royalty ranging from approximately 5 to 8 of
net GAAP revenue generated by sales of N UEDEXTA . During fiscal 2011, we recorded royalties of approximately 389,000 related to N UEDEXTA product shipments. Of this amount, approximately 309,000 is recorded to cost of
product sales in the consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2011, and the remaining 80,000 represents deferred cost of product sales and is recorded to other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2011.
Under certain circumstances, we may have the obligation to pay CNS a portion of net revenues received if we sublicense N UEDEXTA to a third party. Under the agreement with CNS, we are required to make payments on achievements of up to a maximum of ten milestones, based upon five specific clinical indications. Maximum payments for these milestone
payments could total approximately 1.1 million if we pursued the development of N UEDEXTA for all five of the licensed indications. In general, individual milestones range from 75,000 to 125,000 for each accepted new drug
application NDA and a similar amount for each approved NDA in addition to the royalty discussed above on net GAAP revenues. We are not obligated to develop additional indications under the CNS license agreement. 
 Management Outlook We
believe that cash, cash equivalents and restricted investments of approximately 81.8 million at September 30, 2011, together with funds generated from sales of NUEDEXTA, will be sufficient to sustain our planned level of operations for at
least the next 15 months. In addition, we received approximately 7.8 million from the exercise of approximately 5.4 million warrants in December 2011. However, we cannot provide assurances that our plans will not change, or that changed
circumstances will not result in the depletion of capital resources more rapidly than anticipated. For information regarding
the risks associated with our need to raise capital to fund our ongoing and planned operations, please see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Authoritative Guidance 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion
of recently issued authoritative guidance and its effect, if any, on us. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As described below, we are exposed to market risks related to changes in interest rates. Because substantially all of our revenue,
expenses, and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates is immaterial. However, in the future we could face increasing exposure to foreign currency exchange rates if we obtain
EMA approval to market NUEDEXTA and distribute internationally, expand international distribution of docosanol 10 cream and purchase additional services from outside the U.S. Until such time as we are faced with material amounts of foreign
currency exchange rate risks, we do not plan to use derivative financial instruments, which can be used to hedge such risks. We will evaluate the use of derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure as the needs and risks should arise.
 Interest Rate Sensitivity Our investment portfolio consists primarily of cash equivalent fixed income instruments invested in government money market funds. The primary objective of our investments in these securities is to
preserve principal. We classify our restricted investments, which are primarily certificates of deposit, as of September 30, 2011 as held-to-maturity. These held-to-maturity securities are subject to interest rate risk. Based on the average
duration of our investments in interest-bearing accounts as of September 30, 2011, an increase of one percentage point in the interest rates for these interest-bearing accounts would have resulted in increases in interest income of
approximately 22,000. As of September 30, 2011, 38.4 million of our cash and cash equivalents were maintained in
three separate money market mutual funds, and approximately 41.1 million of our cash and cash equivalents were maintained at three major financial institutions in the United States. At times, deposits held with financial institutions may exceed the
amount of insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. At September 30, 2011, such uninsured deposits totaled approximately 78.0 million. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, bear minimal
risk. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash
equivalents and trade receivables. Our cash and cash equivalents are placed at various money market mutual funds and financial institutions of high credit standing. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial conditions and would limit the amount of credit extended if deemed necessary but usually we have required no collateral. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements are annexed to this report beginning on page F-1. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an
evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President, Finance, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with that evaluation, our CEO and Vice President, Finance concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and forms as of September 30, 2011. For the purpose of this review, disclosure controls and procedures means controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and related COSO guidance. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2011. Our assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2011 has been audited by KMJ Corbin Company LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is set forth
at F-3. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2011, that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information None. PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information relating to our directors that is required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information under the
captions Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Board of Directors and Committees and Executive Officers contained in our definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ), which will
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Additionally,
information relating to reporting of insider transactions in Company securities is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement.
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers and Key Employees of the Registrant 
 The names of our executive officers and other key employees and their ages as of December 1, 2011 are set forth below. Officers are
elected annually by the Board of Directors and hold office until their respective successors are qualified and appointed or until their resignation, removal or disqualification. 

Keith A. Katkin 

40 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Gregory J. Flesher 

41 

Senior Vice President and Chief Business Officer 
 
 Randall E. Kaye, M.D. 

49 

Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer 
 
 Joao Siffert, M.D. 

48 

Senior Vice President, Research and Development 
 
 Eric S. Benevich 

46 

Vice President, Marketing 
 
 Adrian Hepner, M.D. 

50 

Vice President, Clinical Research 
 
 Elona Kogan 

42 

Vice President, Legal 
 
 Michael McFadden 

44 

Vice President, U.S. Sales and Managed Markets 
 
 Christine G. Ocampo, CPA 

39 

Vice President, Finance, Secretary 
 Keith Katkin. Mr. Katkin joined Avanir in July of 2005 as Senior Vice
President of Sales and Marketing. In March 2007, Mr. Katkin was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and was elected as a member of the Board of Directors. Prior to joining Avanir, Mr. Katkin previously served as Vice President,
Commercial Development for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, playing a key role in the management and sale of the company to Johnson Johnson in 2005. Additionally, Mr. Katkin s employment experience includes leadership roles at
InterMune, Inc., Amgen, Inc., and Abbott Laboratories. Mr. Katkin also served as strategic advisor to Cerexa, a pharmaceutical company that was sold to Forest Laboratories in 2007. Mr. Katkin received a B.S. degree in Business and
Accounting from Indiana University and an M.B.A. degree in Finance from the Anderson School of Management at UCLA, graduating with honors. Mr. Katkin became a licensed Certified Public Accountant in 1995. 
 Gregory J. Flesher. Mr. Flesher joined Avanir in June 2006 as Senior Director of Commercial Strategy
and in November 2006 assumed the additional responsibility for Business Development and Portfolio Planning. In August 2007 he was promoted to Vice President of Business Development and in February 2011 he was promoted to Senior Vice President and
Chief Business Officer. Prior to joining Avanir, he served as a Sales Director from 2004 to 2006 and as Director of Pulmonary Infectious Disease Marketing from 2002 to 2004 at InterMune, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. Prior to his
tenure at InterMune, Mr. Flesher held Oncology and Nephrology marketing positions with Amgen Inc., a global biotechnology company. Mr. Flesher also held roles in global marketing and clinical development at Eli Lilly and Company.
Mr. Flesher graduated from Purdue University with a degree in Biology and has completed his doctorate coursework in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at Indiana University School of Medicine. 
 Randall E. Kaye, M.D. Dr. Kaye joined Avanir in January 2006 as Vice President of Clinical and
Medical Affairs and assumed the role of Senior Vice President Clinical Research and Medical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer in February 2007. Immediately prior to joining Avanir, from 2004 to 2006, Dr. Kaye was the Vice President of Medical
Affairs for Scios Inc., a division of Johnson Johnson. From 2002 to 2004, Dr. Kaye recruited and managed the Medical Affairs department for InterMune Inc. Previously, Dr. Kaye served for nearly a decade in a variety of Medical
Affairs and Marketing positions for Pfizer Inc. Dr. Kaye earned his Doctor of Medicine, Masters in Public Health and Bachelor of Science degrees at George Washington University in Washington, D.C. and was a Research Fellow in Allergy and
Immunology at Harvard Medical School. Joao Siffert, M.D. Dr. Siffert joined Avanir in August
2011 as Senior Vice President, Research and Development. Dr. Siffert previously served as Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at Ceregene, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the development of neurotrophic gene therapies for
Alzheimer s and Parkinson s diseases, from September 2007 to August 2011. Prior to his work at Ceregene, Dr. Siffert served as the Chief Medical Officer at Avera Pharmaceuticals, a CNS specialty pharmaceutical company, from May 2005
to September 2007. Prior to joining Avera, Dr. Siffert held positions with Pfizer from February 2002 to May 2005, first as a medical director for Relpax and subsequently as the worldwide medical team leader of Lyrica and
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Neurontin focusing in areas of pain and epilepsy. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Siffert held academic positions at Beth Israel Medical Center, where he served as director of the Adult Neuro-Oncology
program, and Albert Einstein College of Medicine, where he was assistant professor of neurology. Dr. Siffert completed residencies in pediatrics at New York University School of Medicine and in neurology at Harvard Medical School.
Dr. Siffert was certified by the American Board of Neurology and Psychiatry in 1996. He holds an M.D. degree from the University of Sao Paulo School of Medicine as well as an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University Business School. 
 Eric S. Benevich. Mr. Benevich joined Avanir in July 2005 as Senior Director of Marketing. In August
2007, he was promoted to Vice President of Marketing. Prior to joining Avanir, Mr. Benevich previously served as the Senior Director of Marketing for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals. Prior to his tenure at Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Benevich
held several Marketing positions with Amgen Inc., a global biotechnology company. In addition, Mr. Benevich held several commercial roles at Astra Merck in Sales, Market Research and Brand Marketing. Mr. Benevich graduated from Washington
State University with a degree in International Business. Adrian Hepner, M.D. Dr. Hepner joined
Avanir in 2006 as Senior Director of Clinical Research and Medical Affairs. Dr. Hepner has over 20 years of U.S. and international experience in clinical studies and has been involved in filing of multiple INDs and NDAs. Dr. Hepner trained
first as a physician and later as a neuropsychiatrist at the University of Buenos Aires School of Medicine. He also spent a number of years as a post-doctoral fellow in neuropsychopharmacology at the University of Ottawa. Following his post-doctoral
fellowship Dr. Hepner was a clinical consultant to a number of pharmaceutical companies and a leading clinical investigator in Latin America. In 2001, he joined IVAX Research where he was director of new drug development. Prior to joining
Avanir he was director of innovative R D at TEVA Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Hepner has over 30 published papers and has also received an award from the National Academy of Medicine in Argentina for his research work in dementias. 
 Elona Kogan. Ms. Kogan joined Avanir in the role of Vice President of the Legal Affairs Department in
May 2011. Ms. Kogan is responsible for Avanir s legal affairs, as well as providing counsel to the chairman and chief executive officer and its Board of Directors. Prior to joining Avanir, Ms. Kogan was Associate General Counsel and
Privacy Officer at King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly traded pharmaceutical company. In addition to providing counsel to the chief commercial officer, and helping shape company commercial strategy, Ms. Kogan worked on a variety of legal
issues, including, regulatory compliance, patient assistance programs, privacy issues, contracting, litigation and corporate governance. Prior to joining King Pharmaceuticals, Ms. Kogan worked at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bergen Brunswick, and
Epstein, Becker Green. Ms. Kogan earned a B.A. degree, cum laude from Columbia University, and a Juris Doctor degree from the Southwestern University School of Law. 
 Michael McFadden. Mr. McFadden joined Avanir in May 2010 as Vice President of U.S. Sales and Managed
Markets. Mr. McFadden s 20 years of pharmaceutical commercial experience includes the selling and marketing of several successful prescription products. Prior to joining Avanir, Mr. McFadden served in various leadership roles in sales
and managed care at Amylin Pharmaceuticals where he was responsible for building and leading sales and managed markets teams and launching two first-in-class diabetes products. Prior to his tenure at Amylin, Mr. McFadden held commercial
roles at Pharmacia and Eli Lilly and Company. Mr. McFadden graduated from University of Louisiana at Monroe with a degree in Business Administration. Christine G. Ocampo, CPA. Ms. Ocampo joined Avanir in March 2007 as Corporate Controller and was promoted to Vice President, Finance in February 2008. Prior to
joining Avanir, Ms. Ocampo served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Cardiogenesis Corporation from November 2003 until April 2006. From 2001 to November 2003, Ms. Ocampo
served in the role of Vice President and Corporate Controller at Cardiogenesis. Prior to first joining Cardiogenesis in April 1997, Ms. Ocampo held a management position in Finance at Mills-Peninsula Health Systems in Burlingame, CA, and spent
three years as an auditor for Ernst Young LLP. Ms. Ocampo graduated with a Bachelors of Science degree in Accounting from Seattle University and became a licensed Certified Public Accountant in 1996. 
 Code of Ethics We have
adopted a code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer and controller), and employees. This
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

code is available on our website at www.avanir.com. Any waivers from or amendments to the code of ethics will be filed with the SEC on Form 8-K. You may also request a printed copy of our
code of ethics, without charge, by writing to us at 20 Enterprise, Suite 200, Aliso Viejo, California 92656, Attn: Investor Relations. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation and Director Compensation contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Certain Relationships and
Related Party Transactions, Director Independence and Board Committees contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the caption Fees for Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in the Proxy Statement.
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Financial Statements and Schedules See index to the financial statements
on page F-1. (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or filed as part of this report. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference
Herein 

Form 
 
 Date 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 3.1 
 
 March 25, 2009 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 3.2 
 
 March 25, 2009 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger merging Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation, with and into Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 3.3 
 
 March 25, 2009 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock 
 
 Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A (File No. 001-15803), as Exhibit 3.3 
 
 March 25, 2009 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 4.1 
 
 March 25, 2009 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference
Herein 

Form 
 
 Date 

4.2 
 
 Form of Senior Indenture 
 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-169175), as Exhibit 4.3 
 
 September 8, 2009 

4.3 
 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture 
 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-169175), as Exhibit 4.4 
 
 September 8, 2009 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant, issued in connection with the Subscription Agreement dated March 26, 2008 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 March 27, 2008 

4.5 
 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2009, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 
 
 Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A (File No. 001-15803), as Exhibit 4.2 
 
 March 25, 2009 

4.6 
 
 Form of Rights Certificate with respect to the Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2009 
 
 Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A (File No. 001-15803), as Exhibit 4.2 
 
 March 25, 2009 

10.1 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2000, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, a Puerto Rico Corporation 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 4, 2000 

10.2 
 
 License Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2002, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and Drug Royalty USA, Inc. 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 99.1 
 
 January 7, 2003 

10.3 
 
 Standard Industrial Net Lease by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and BC Sorrento, LLC, effective as of September 1, 2000 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 August 14, 2000 

10.4 
 
 Standard Industrial Net Lease by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and Sorrento Plaza, effective as of May 20, 2002 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 August 13, 2002 

10.5 
 
 Office lease agreement, dated as of April 28, 2006, by and between RREEF America REIT II Corp. FFF and Avanir Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, as Exhibit 10.7 
 
 December 18, 2006 

10.6 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2000, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and IriSys Research Development, LLC 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 August 14, 2000 

10.7 
 
 Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated as of April 2, 1997, by and between IriSys Research Development, LLC and the Center for Neurologic Study 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 13, 2005 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference
Herein 

Form 
 
 Date 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2000, by and between IriSys Research Development, LLC and the Center for Neurologic Study 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 May 13, 2005 

10.9 
 
 Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2006, by and between Patheon Inc. and Avanir Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 10, 2006 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated 1998 Stock Option Plan 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 December 21, 2001 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated 1994 Stock Option Plan 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, as Exhibit 10.4 
 
 December 21, 2001 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option Plan 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 14, 2003 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice for use with Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option Plan 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 May 14, 2003 

10.14 
 
 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as Exhibit 10.3 
 
 May 14, 2003 

10.15 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Notice for use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as Exhibit 10.4 
 
 May 14, 2003 

10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant for use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as Exhibit 10.5 
 
 May 14, 2003 

10.17 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice (cash consideration) for use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, as Exhibit 10.6 
 
 May 14, 2003 

10.18 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with certain Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 July 30, 2009 

10.19 
 
 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, as Exhibit 10.21 
 
 December 14, 2005 

10.20 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 March 23, 2005 

10.21 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan and 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, as Exhibit 10.21 
 
 December 8, 2010 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference
Herein 

Form 
 
 Date 

10.22 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Director Grant Agreement for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan and 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, as Exhibit 10.22 
 
 December 8, 2010 

10.23 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, as Exhibit 10.35 
 
 December 18, 2006 

10.24 
 
 Form of Change of Control Agreement 
 
 Filed herewith 

10.25 
 
 Employment Agreement with Randall Kaye, dated as of December 23, 2005 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 February 9, 2006 

10.26 
 
 Employment Agreement with Keith Katkin, dated as of March 13, 2007 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, as Exhibit 10.44 
 
 December 21, 2007 

10.27 
 
 Sublease Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2007, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and Halozyme, Inc. (11388 Sorrento Valley Rd., San Diego, CA) 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, as Exhibit 10.51 
 
 December 21, 2007 

10.28 
 
 Sublease Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2007, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and Halozyme, Inc. (11404 Sorrento Valley Rd., San Diego, CA) 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, as Exhibit 10.52 
 
 December 21, 2007 

10.29 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease, dated as of July 19, 2007, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and RREEF America REIT II Corp. FFF 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, as Exhibit 10.53 
 
 December 21, 2007 

10.30 
 
 Asset Purchase and License Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2008, by and among Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Xenerex Biosciences and Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 14, 2008 

10.31 
 
 Sublease Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2009, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Halozyme, Inc. 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 8, 2009 

10.32 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2009, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 July 30, 2009 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference
Herein 

Form 
 
 Date 

10.33 
 
 Amendment #1 to Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2010, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Patheon Inc. 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 3, 2010 

10.34 
 
 Quality Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2010, by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Patheon Inc. 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, as Exhibit 10.2 
 
 May 3, 2010 

10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Offer of Employment, dated as of December 31, 2008, by and between Keith A. Katkin and Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, as Exhibit 10.37 
 
 December 8, 2010 

10.36 
 
 Summit Office Lease, dated as of February 1, 2011, by and between Aliso Viejo RO-V1, LLC and Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, as Exhibit 10.1 
 
 May 10, 2011 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, as Exhibit 21.1 
 
 December 8, 2010 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

50 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference
Herein 

Form 
 
 Date 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit pursuant to an application requesting confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. A complete copy of this exhibit, including the redacted terms, has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The XBRL information is deemed furnished and not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these Sections. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

A VANIR P HARMACEUTICALS , INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / K EITH A.
K ATKIN 

Keith A. Katkin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: December 13, 2011 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/ S / K EITH A.
K ATKIN Keith A. Katkin 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / C HRISTINE G.
O CAMPO , CPA Christine G. Ocampo, CPA 
 
 Vice President, Finance (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / C RAIG A.
W HEELER Craig A. Wheeler 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / S TEPHEN G.
A USTIN , CPA Stephen G. Austin, CPA 
 
 Director 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / C HARLES A.
M ATHEWS Charles A. Mathews 
 
 Director 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / D AVID J.
M AZZO , P H .D. David J.
Mazzo, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / D ENNIS G.
P ODLESAK Dennis G. Podlesak 
 
 Director 
 
 December 13, 2011 

/ S / S COTT M.
W HITCUP , M.D. Scott M. Whitcup, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 December 13, 2011 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

F-3 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted for the reason that the required information is presented in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto, the amounts involved are not significant or the schedules are not applicable. 

F-1

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended September 30, 2011. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended September 30, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2011, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated December 13, 2011 expressed
an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP 
 Costa Mesa, California December 13, 2011
 
 F-2

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting included in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2011, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2011 and our report dated December 13, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 /s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP Costa
Mesa, California December 13, 2011 
 F-3

Table of Contents 

 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2011 

September 30, 2010 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

79,542,564 

38,771,469 

Trade receivables 

2,011,165 

Stock subscriptions receivable 

580,910 

Inventories, net 

252,244 

652,628 

Prepaid expenses 

1,445,256 

432,705 

Other current assets 

520,492 

52,867 

Current portion of restricted investments in marketable securities 

618,314 

200,000 

Total current assets 

84,390,035 

40,690,579 

Restricted investments in marketable securities, net of current portion 

1,634,625 

401,550 

Property and equipment, net 

1,695,329 

449,712 

Non-current inventories, net 

792,933 

228,207 

Other assets 

1,136,072 

371,150 

TOTAL ASSETS 

89,648,994 

42,141,198 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

3,260,588 

2,106,110 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

2,936,973 

1,070,061 

Accrued compensation and payroll taxes 

4,251,866 

2,147,371 

Deferred product revenues, net 

1,652,788 

Current portion of deferred royalty revenues 

2,087,226 

2,399,849 

Total current liabilities 

14,189,441 

7,723,391 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities, net of current portion 

68,487 

334,269 

Deferred royalty revenues, net of current portion 

4,051,402 

6,076,982 

Total liabilities 

18,309,330 

14,134,642 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding as of September 30,
2011 and 2010 

Common stock 0.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 125,443,788 and 95,965,572 shares issued and outstanding as
of September 30, 2011 and 2010, respectively 

12,544 

9,597 

Common stock subscribed but unissued 

580,910 

Additional paid-in capital 

436,643,319 

332,100,685 

Accumulated deficit 

(365,316,199) 

(304,684,636) 

Total stockholders equity 

71,339,664 

28,006,556 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

89,648,994 

42,141,198 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4

Table of Contents 

 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended September 30, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

REVENUES FROM PRODUCT SALES 

Gross product sales 

7,014,778 

Less: discount and allowances 

925,472 

Net product sales 

6,089,306 

Cost of product sales 

445,980 

197,640 

73,135 

Product gross margin (loss) 

5,643,326 

(197,640) 

(73,135) 

OTHER REVENUES 

Revenues from royalties and royalty rights 

4,406,589 

2,895,474 

3,642,675 

Revenues from license agreements 

533,834 

Other revenues 

4,406,589 

2,895,474 

4,176,509 

Cost of research and development services 

10,224 

Other revenue gross margin 

4,406,589 

2,895,474 

4,166,285 

Total gross margin 

10,049,915 

2,697,834 

4,093,150 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 

15,253,739 

13,322,040 

15,867,049 

Selling, general and administrative 

55,425,591 

16,472,518 

10,150,766 

Total operating expenses 

70,679,330 

29,794,558 

26,017,815 

Loss from operations 

(60,629,415) 

(27,096,724) 

(21,924,665) 
 
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest income 

38,785 

15,021 

204,190 

Interest expense 

(517) 
 
 Other, net 

(37,733) 

390,755 

(271,824) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(60,628,363) 

(26,690,948) 

(21,992,816) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

3,200 

3,200 

3,200 

Net loss 

(60,631,563) 

(26,694,148) 

(21,996,016) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(0.51) 

(0.30) 

(0.28) 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

119,405,230 

87,614,420 

78,844,251 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5

Table of Contents 

 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Common Stock Subscribed but Unissued 

Additional Paid-in Capital

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

BALANCE, OCTOBER 1, 2008 

78,213,986 

7,821 

284,986,815 

(255,994,472) 

29,000,164 

Net loss 

(21,996,016) 

(21,996,016) 
 
 Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Sale of stock, net of offering costs 

4,613,350 

461 

10,246,419 

10,246,880 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

346,294 

35 

(35) 

Common stock surrendered 

(89,448) 

(9) 

(186,247) 

(186,256) 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 

2,876,963 

2,876,963 

BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2009 

83,084,182 

8,308 

297,923,915 

(277,990,488) 

19,941,735 

Net loss 

(26,694,148) 

(26,694,148) 
 
 Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Exercise of stock options 

55,836 

5 

45,471 

45,476 

Sale of stock, net of offering costs 

11,746,160 

1,175 

180,000 

580,910 

31,597,209 

32,179,294 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

1,185,258 

119 

(119) 

Common stock surrendered 

(105,864) 

(10) 

(212,652) 

(212,662) 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 

2,746,861 

2,746,861 

BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2010 

95,965,572 

9,597 

180,000 

580,910 

332,100,685 

(304,684,636) 

28,006,556 

Net loss 

(60,631,563) 

(60,631,563) 
 
 Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Exercise of stock options 

814,454 

81 

637,995 

638,076 

Exercise of warrants 

6,085,267 

608 

8,701,323 

8,701,931 

Sale of stock, net of offering costs 

22,327,000 

2,233 

(180,000) 

(580,910) 

91,430,553 

90,851,876 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

252,941 

25 

(25) 

Common stock surrendered 

(1,446) 

(5,665) 

(5,665) 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 

3,778,453 

3,778,453 

BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2011 

125,443,788 

12,544 

436,643,319 

(365,316,199) 

71,339,664 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6

Table of Contents 

 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended September 30, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

(60,631,563) 

(26,694,148) 

(21,996,016) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

437,845 

204,998 

260,780 

Share-based compensation expense 

3,778,453 

2,746,861 

2,876,963 

Loss on disposal of assets 

9,271 

266,212 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables 

(2,011,165) 

Inventories, net 

(164,342) 

(56,206) 

508,648 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(2,245,098) 

121,557 

547,169 

Accounts payable 

1,285,100 

761,371 

762,271 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

1,601,130 

(249,664) 

(1,095,924) 
 
 Accrued compensation and payroll taxes 

2,104,495 

801,512 

153,402 

Deferred product revenues, net 

1,652,788 

Deferred royalty revenues 

(2,338,203) 

(1,435,536) 

(2,573,665) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(56,521,289) 

(23,799,255) 

(20,290,160) 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of investments in securities 

(1,651,389) 

(200,000) 

Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments in securities 

66,925 

388,122 

Purchase of property and equipment 

(1,823,355) 

(213,411) 

(33,010) 
 
 Proceeds from disposal of assets 

2,250 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(3,474,744) 

(346,486) 

357,362 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuances of common stock, net of commissions and offering costs 

90,851,876 

31,598,384 

10,246,880 

Collection of stock subscriptions receivable 

580,910 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants 

9,340,007 

45,476 

Shares surrendered to pay for tax withholding 

(5,665) 

(212,662) 

(186,256) 
 
 Payments on notes and capital lease obligations 

(25,744) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

100,767,128 

31,431,198 

10,034,880 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

40,771,095 

7,285,457 

(9,897,918) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

38,771,469 

31,486,012 

41,383,930 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

79,542,564 

38,771,469 

31,486,012 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

517 

Income taxes paid 

3,200 

4,539 

6,427 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Sale of common stock, net of offering costs, for stock subscriptions receivable 

580,910 

Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 

130,622 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7

Table of Contents 

 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 Description of Business 
 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries Avanir , the Company or
 we is a pharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing novel therapeutic products for the treatment of central nervous system disorders. In October 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approved N UEDEXTA (referred to as AVP-923 during clinical development), a
unique proprietary combination of dextromethorphan and low-dose quinidine, for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect PBA ). The Company commenced promotion of N UEDEXTA in the United States in February 2011 and is currently
pursuing approval of N UEDEXTA in Europe. The Company is also studying AVP-923 for use in different types of
neuropathic pain. The Company has filed an Investigational New Drug application IND with the FDA and has initiated a large Phase II clinical trial of AVP-923 for the treatment of central neuropathic pain in patients with multiple
sclerosis. AVP-923 has also successfully completed a Phase III trial for the treatment of patients with diabetic peripheral
neuropathic pain DPN pain ). Additional phase III trials with a modified formulation would need to be completed for approval of this indication. In addition to the Company s focus on products for the central nervous system, the Company also has partnered programs in other therapeutic areas which may generate future income. The Company s
first commercialized product, docosanol 10 cream, (sold in the United States and Canada as Abreva by our
marketing partner GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare) is the only over-the-counter treatment for cold sores that has been approved by the FDA. In 2008, the Company licensed all of our monoclonal antibodies and remains eligible to receive milestone
payments and royalties related to the sale of these assets. The Company s operations are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of operations, particularly in the evolving market for small biotech and specialty pharmaceuticals companies. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the
occurrence of adverse safety events with N UEDEXTA ; that N UEDEXTA may not gain acceptance by the medical field or that the indicated use may not be clearly understood; the Company s dependence on third parties for
manufacturing and distribution of N UEDEXTA ; that the Company may not adequately build or maintain the necessary sales, marketing, supply chain management and reimbursement capabilities on its own or enter into arrangements with third
parties to perform these functions in a timely manner or on acceptable terms; the ability to successfully defend our intellectual property rights relating to N UEDEXTA ; timing and uncertainty of achieving milestones in clinical trials;
and obtaining approvals by the FDA and regulatory agencies in other countries. The Company s ability to generate revenues in the future may depend on market acceptance of N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA and the timing and
success of reaching clinical development milestones and obtaining regulatory approvals for other formulations for N UEDEXTA (referred to as AVP-923 ). The Company s operating expenses depend substantially on the level
of expenditures for the ongoing marketing of N UEDEXTA , clinical development activities for N UEDEXTA as well as AVP-923 and the rate of progress being made on such activities. 
 Avanir was incorporated in California in August 1988 and was reincorporated in Delaware in March 2009. 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The
Company s fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year. The years ended September 30, 2011, 2010, and 2009 are herein referred to as fiscal 2011, fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2009, respectively. 
 F-8

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the filing date of this Form 10-K,
and determined that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes thereto other than as discussed in the accompanying notes. See Note 15, Subsequent
Events and Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies Alamo and Azur litigation . On March 27, 2009,
the Company effected a change of domicile from California to Delaware. In the change of domicile, Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation Avanir California ), merged with and into Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware
corporation Avanir Delaware and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avanir California. As a result of the merger, Avanir Delaware succeeded to the assets and liabilities of Avanir California. In the merger, each share of Avanir California
Class A common stock, no par value, was converted into one share of Avanir Delaware common stock, 0.0001 par value, and all options, warrants and purchase rights issued by Avanir California and outstanding at the time of the merger were
assumed by Avanir Delaware. Due to the change in the par value of the Company s common stock, the Company attributed 7,824 to stockholders equity for common stock as of March 31, 2009, which amount is equal to the aggregate par
value of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding on that date, and reclassified the balance of 285,814,402 as additional paid-in capital as of that date. No change was made to stockholders equity for preferred stock as no shares
were outstanding as of March 31, 2009. The reclassifications had no effect on total stockholders equity. 
 Management estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made by management include, among others, provisions for uncollectible receivables,
valuation of inventories and investments, recoverability of long-lived assets, recognition of deferred revenue, share-based compensation expense, determination of expenses in outsourced contracts, and realization of deferred tax assets. 
 Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition. 
 Concentration of credit risk and sources of supply As of September 30, 2011, 38.4 million of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were maintained in three separate money market mutual funds, and approximately 41.1 million of the
Company s cash and cash equivalents were maintained at three major financial institutions in the United States. At times, deposits held with financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC ), which provides basic deposit coverage with limits up to 250,000 per owner. In addition to the basic insurance deposit coverage, the FDIC is providing temporary unlimited coverage for noninterest-bearing transaction
accounts from December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2012. At September 30, 2011, such uninsured deposits totaled approximately 78.0 million of the 81.8 million of total cash and cash equivalents and restricted investments.
Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, are believed to bear minimal risk. Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and trade receivables. The Company s cash and cash equivalents are placed in various money market mutual funds and at financial
institutions of high credit standing. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of customers financial condition and would limit the amount of credit extended if necessary; however, the Company has historically required no collateral.
 
 F-9

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The Company currently has sole suppliers for the active pharmaceutical ingredients APIs for N UEDEXTA and a sole manufacturer for the finished form of N UEDEXTA . In addition, these materials are custom and available from only a limited number of sources. Any material disruption in
manufacturing could cause a delay in shipments and possible loss of revenue. If the Company is required to change manufacturers, the Company may experience delays associated with finding an alternative manufacturer that is properly qualified to
produce N UEDEXTA in accordance with FDA requirements and the Company s specifications. Inventories
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a first-in, first-out FIFO basis. The Company evaluates the carrying value of inventories on a regular basis, based on the price expected to be obtained for products in their respective markets compared with historical cost. Write-downs of inventories are considered to be
permanent reductions in the cost basis of inventories. The Company also regularly evaluates its inventories for excess
quantities and obsolescence (expiration), taking into account such factors as historical and anticipated future sales or use in production compared to quantities on hand and the remaining shelf life of products and active pharmaceutical ingredients
on hand. The Company establishes reserves for excess and obsolete inventories as required based on its analyses. 
 Property and equipment Property and equipment, net, is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of
the asset. Computer equipment and related software are depreciated over three to five years. Office equipment, furniture and fixtures are depreciated over five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the useful life or remaining lease term,
whichever is shorter. Valuation of long-lived assets 
 Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be
recoverable. If the review indicates that a long-lived asset is not recoverable (i.e. the carrying amount is less than the future projected undiscounted cash flows), its carrying amount would be reduced to fair value. Factors management considers
important that could trigger an impairment review include the following: 

A significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; 

A significant change in the manner of our use of the acquired asset or the strategy for our overall business; and/or 

A significant negative industry or economic trend. Based on its analysis, the Company s management believes that no impairment of the carrying value of its long-lived assets existed at September 30, 2011 or 2010. 
 Deferred rent The Company accounts for rent expense related to operating leases (excluding leases related to exit activities) by determining total minimum rent payments on the leases over their respective periods and
recognizing the rent expense on a straight-line basis. The difference between the actual amount paid and the amount recorded as rent expense in each fiscal year is recorded as an adjustment to deferred rent. Deferred rent as of September 30,
2011 and 2010 was 173,360 and 12,148, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-10

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 At September 30, 2011 and 2010, the Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
restricted investments in marketable securities, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and accrued compensation and payroll taxes. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, accounts payable, accrued
expenses and other liabilities, and accrued compensation and payroll taxes approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The Company s short- and long-term restricted investments in marketable securities are
carried at amortized cost which approximates fair value. Revenue recognition 
 The Company has historically generated revenues from product sales, collaborative research and development arrangements, and other
commercial arrangements such as royalties, the sale of royalty rights and sales of technology rights. Payments received under such arrangements may include non-refundable fees at the inception of the arrangements, milestone payments for specific
achievements designated in the agreements, royalties on sales of products resulting from collaborative arrangements, and payments for the sale of rights to future royalties. The Company recognizes revenue when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;
(3) the Company s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Certain product sales are subject to rights of return. For products sold where the buyer has the right to return the product,
the Company recognizes revenue at the time of sale only if (1) the Company s price to the buyer is substantially fixed or determinable at the date of sale, (2) the buyer has paid the Company, or is obligated to pay the Company and the
obligation is not contingent on resale of the product, (3) the buyer s obligation to the Company would not be changed in the event of theft or physical destruction or damage of the product, (4) the buyer acquiring the product for
resale has economic substance apart from that provided by the seller, (5) the Company does not have significant obligations for future performance to directly bring about resale of the product by the buyer, and (6) the amount of future
returns can be reasonably estimated. The Company recognizes such product revenues when either it has met all the above criteria, including the ability to reasonably estimate future returns, when it can reasonably estimate that the return privilege
has substantially expired, or when the return privilege has substantially expired, whichever occurs first. Product
Sales N UEDEXTA . N UEDEXTA is sold primarily to third-party wholesalers that, in turn, sell this product to retail pharmacies, hospitals, and other dispensing organizations. The
Company has entered into agreements with wholesale customers, certain medical institutions and third-party payors throughout the United States. These agreements frequently contain commercial terms, which may include favorable product pricing and
discounts and rebates payable upon dispensing the product to patients. Additionally, these agreements customarily provide the customer with rights to return the product, subject to the terms of each contract. Consistent with pharmaceutical industry
practice, wholesale customers can return purchased product during an 18-month period that begins six months prior to the product s expiration date and ends 12 months after the expiration date. 
 At the present time, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate future returns due to the lack of sufficient historical returns data for
N UEDEXTA . Accordingly, the Company invoices the wholesaler, records deferred revenue at gross invoice sales price less estimated cash discounts and distribution fees, and classifies the inventory shipped as inventories subject to
return. The Company currently defers recognition of revenue and the related cost of product sales on shipments of N UEDEXTA until the right of return no longer exists, i.e. when the Company receives evidence that the products have been
dispensed to patients. The Company estimates patient prescriptions dispensed using an analysis of third-party information. In the future, the Company plans to recognize product sales upon shipment to the customer when it believes it has sufficient
data to develop reasonable estimates of expected returns based upon historical returns. The Company s net product sales
represent gross product sales less allowances for customer credits, including estimated discounts, rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance. These allowances provided by the Company to a 
 F-11

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

customer are presumed to be a reduction of the selling prices of the Company s products or services and, therefore, are characterized as a reduction of revenue when recognized in the
Company s statement of operations. Allowances for discounts, rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance are estimated based on contractual terms with customers and sell-through data purchased from third parties. Product shipping and handling
costs are included in cost of product sales. Product Sales Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient docosanol docosanol ). Revenue from sales of the Company s docosanol is recorded when title and risk of loss have passed to the buyer and provided the criteria for revenue recognition are met. The Company sells the
docosanol to various licensees upon receipt of a written order for the materials. Shipments generally occur fewer than three times a year. The Company s contracts for sales of the docosanol include buyer acceptance provisions that give the
Company s buyers the right of replacement if the delivered product does not meet specified criteria. That right requires that they give the Company notice within 30 days after receipt of the product. The Company has the option to refund or
replace any such defective materials; however, it has historically demonstrated that the materials shipped from the same pre-inspected lot have consistently met the specified criteria and no buyer has rejected any of the Company s shipments
from the same pre-inspected lot to date. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue at the time of delivery without providing any returns reserve. Multiple Element Arrangements. The Company has, in the past, entered into arrangements whereby it delivers to the customer multiple elements including technology and/or
services. Such arrangements have included some combination of the following: antibody generation services; licensed rights to technology, patented products, compounds, data and other intellectual property; and research and development services. At
the inception of the arrangement, the Company analyzes its multiple element arrangements to determine whether the elements can be separated. If a product or service is not separable, the combined deliverables will be accounted for as a single unit
of accounting. A delivered element can be separated from other elements when it meets both of the following criteria:
(1) the delivered item has value to the customer on a standalone basis; and (2) if the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item, delivery or performance of the undelivered item is considered probable
and substantially in the Company s control. If an element can be separated, the Company allocates amounts based upon the selling price of each element. The Company determines the selling price of a separate deliverable using the price it
charges other customers when it sells that product or service separately; however, if the Company does not sell the product or service separately, it uses third-party evidence of selling price of a similar product or service to a similar situated
customer. The Company considers licensed rights or technology to have standalone value to its customers if it or others have sold such rights or technology separately or its customers can sell such rights or technology separately without the need
for the Company s continuing involvement. The Company has not entered into any multiple element arrangements during fiscal 2011, 2010 or 2009, which required the Company to estimate selling prices. 
 License Arrangements. License arrangements may consist of non-refundable upfront license fees, data transfer
fees, research reimbursement payments, exclusive licensed rights to patented or patent pending compounds, technology access fees, and various performance or sales milestones. These arrangements are often multiple element arrangements. 
 Non-refundable, up-front fees that are not contingent on any future performance by the Company, and require no consequential continuing
involvement on its part, are recognized as revenue when the license term commences and the licensed data, technology and/or compound is delivered. Such deliverables may include physical quantities of compounds, design of the compounds and
structure-activity relationships, the conceptual framework and mechanism of action, and rights to the patents or patents pending for such compounds. The Company defers recognition of non-refundable upfront fees if it has continuing performance
obligations without which the technology, right, product or service conveyed in conjunction with the non-refundable fee has no utility to the 
 F-12

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

licensee that is separate and independent of the Company s performance under the other elements of the arrangement. In addition, if the Company has required continuing involvement through
research and development services that are related to its proprietary know-how and expertise of the delivered technology, or can only be performed by the Company, then such up-front fees are deferred and recognized over the period of continuing
involvement. Payments related to substantive, performance-based milestones in a research and development arrangement are
recognized as revenues upon the achievement of the milestones as specified in the underlying agreements when they represent the culmination of the earnings process. Royalty Arrangements. The Company recognizes royalty revenues from licensed products when earned in accordance with the terms of the license agreements. Net sales amounts
generally required to be used for calculating royalties include deductions for returned product, pricing allowances, cash discounts, freight and warehousing. These arrangements are often multiple element arrangements. 
 Certain royalty arrangements require that royalties are earned only if a sales threshold is exceeded. Under these types of arrangements,
the threshold is typically based on annual sales. For royalty revenue generated from the license agreement with GlaxoSmithKline GSK ), the Company recognizes royalty revenue in the period in which the threshold is exceeded. 
 When the Company sells its rights to future royalties under license agreements and also maintains continuing
involvement in earning such royalties, it defers recognition of any upfront payments and recognizes them as revenues over the life of the license agreement. The Company recognizes revenues for the sale of an undivided interest of its Abreva license agreement to Drug Royalty USA under the units-of-revenue method. Under this method, the amount
of deferred revenues to be recognized in each period is calculated by multiplying the ratio of the royalty payments due to Drug Royalty USA by GSK for the period to the total remaining royalties the Company expects GSK will pay Drug Royalty USA over
the remaining term of the agreement by the unamortized deferred revenues. Cost of product revenues 
 Cost of product revenues includes third-party royalties and direct and indirect costs to manufacture product sold, including packaging,
storage, shipping and handling costs and the write-off of obsolete inventory. Recognition of expenses in outsourced
contracts Pursuant to management s assessment of the services that have been performed on clinical trials and
other contracts, the Company recognizes expense as the services are provided. Such management assessments include, but are not limited to: (1) an evaluation by the project manager of the work that has been completed during the period,
(2) measurement of progress prepared internally and/or provided by the third-party service provider, (3) analyses of data that justify the progress, and (4) management s judgment. Several of the Company s contracts extend
across multiple reporting periods. Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities including salaries and
benefits, facilities and other overhead expenses, clinical trials, contract services and outsource contracts. Research and development expenses are charged to operations as they are incurred. Up-front payments to collaborators made in exchange for
the avoidance of potential future milestone and royalty payments on licensed technology are also charged to research and development expense when the drug is still in the development stage, has not been approved by the FDA for commercialization and
currently has no alternative uses. 
 F-13

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The Company assesses its obligations to make milestone payments that may become due
under licensed or acquired technology to determine whether the payments should be expensed or capitalized. The Company charges milestone payments to research and development expense when: 

The technology is in the early stage of development and has no alternative uses; 

There is substantial uncertainty regarding the future success of the technology or product; 

There will be difficulty in completing the remaining development; and 

There is substantial cost to complete the work. Acquired contractual rights. Payments to acquire contractual rights to a licensed technology or drug candidate are expensed as incurred when there is uncertainty in receiving
future economic benefits from the acquired contractual rights. The Company considers the future economic benefits from the acquired contractual rights to a drug candidate to be uncertain until such drug candidate is approved by the FDA or when other
significant risk factors are abated. Share-based compensation 
 The Company grants options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards to purchase the Company s common stock to employees,
directors and consultants under stock option plans. The benefits provided under these plans are share-based payments that the Company accounts for using the fair value method. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model Black-Scholes model that uses assumptions regarding a number of
complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, expected stock price volatility, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Expected volatilities
are based on historical volatility of common stock and other factors. The expected terms of options granted are based on analyses of historical employee termination rates and option exercises. The risk-free interest rates are based on the
U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant. Since the Company does not expect to pay dividends on common stock in the foreseeable future, it estimated the dividend yield to be 0 . 
 Share-based compensation expense recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is
ultimately expected to vest amortized under the straight-line attribution method. As share-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 is based on awards ultimately expected to
vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. The fair value method requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company
estimates forfeitures based on historical experience. Changes to the estimated forfeiture rate are accounted for as a cumulative effect of change in the period the change occurred. 
 During fiscal 2011, the Company reduced the estimated forfeiture rate from 12.6 to 7.0 . This change in the estimated forfeiture rates
resulted in an increase in share-based compensation expense of approximately 40,000 with no effect on loss per share for fiscal 2011. During fiscal 2010, the Company reduced the estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit awards from 12.6 to zero percent, as management expected all the awards to vest. This change in the
estimated forfeiture rate resulted in an increase in share-based compensation expense of approximately 93,000 with no effect on loss per share for fiscal 2010. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, the Company reviewed the estimated forfeiture rate considering then recent actual data resulting in a reduction to our estimated forfeiture rate from 30.0 to 12.6 
in fiscal 2009. Additionally, the Company reduced the estimated forfeiture rate on certain restricted stock unit awards from 30.0 to zero 
 F-14

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

percent, as management expected all the awards to vest. These changes in the estimated forfeiture rates during fiscal 2009 resulted in an increase in share-based compensation expense of 935,000
and an increase to loss per share of 0.01 for fiscal 2009. Total compensation expense related to all of the Company s
share-based awards for fiscal 2011, 2010 and 2009 was comprised of the following: 

Fiscal 2011 

Fiscal 2010 

Fiscal 2009 

Share-based compensation classified as: 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

3,134,396 

2,168,795 

2,213,242 

Research and development expense 

644,057 

578,066 

663,721 

Total 

3,778,453 

2,746,861 

2,876,963 

Fiscal 2011 

Fiscal 2010 

Fiscal 2009 

Share-based compensation expense from: 

Stock options 

2,580,836 

1,265,945 

919,478 

Restricted stock units 

1,197,617 

1,480,916 

1,957,485 

Total 

3,778,453 

2,746,861 

2,876,963 

Since the Company has a net operating loss carry-forward as of September 30, 2011, 2010, and 2009, no
excess tax benefits for the tax deductions related to share-based awards were recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, no incremental tax benefits were recognized from stock options exercised in fiscal 2011, 2010, and
2009 that would have resulted in a reclassification from cash flows from operating activities to cash flows from financing activities. Restructuring expense The Company records costs and liabilities
associated with exit and disposal activities at fair value in the period the liability is incurred. In periods subsequent to initial measurement, changes to a liability are measured using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate applied in the initial
period. In fiscal 2009, the Company recorded costs and liabilities for exit and disposal activities related to a relocation plan that was implemented in 2006. Refer to Note 7, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities, for further
information. Advertising expenses Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, and these costs are included in both research and development expenses as related to clinical trials, and selling, general and administrative expenses, which
include promotional materials for physicians. Advertising costs were approximately 5.7 million, 1.2 million and 336,000 for fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Income taxes The Company accounts for income taxes and the related
accounts under the liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the income tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance
is applied against any net deferred tax asset if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 F-15

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The Company recognizes any uncertain income tax positions on income tax returns at the
largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. 
 The total unrecognized tax benefit resulting in a decrease in deferred tax assets and corresponding decrease in the valuation allowance at
September 30, 2011 is 3.3 million. There are no unrecognized tax benefits included in the consolidated balance sheet that would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. 
 The Company s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had
 0 accrued for interest and penalties on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2011 and 2010. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state jurisdictions. The Company s tax years for 1994 and forward are
subject to examination by the U.S. and California tax authorities due to the carryforward of unutilized net operating losses and research and development credits. The Company does not foresee material changes to its gross uncertain income tax position liability within the next twelve months. 
 In July 2010, the Company applied for the Qualifying Therapeutic Discovery Project tax credit Therapeutic Credit ). The
Therapeutic Credit allows qualifying businesses to claim a credit for 50 of their qualified investment in qualifying projects for tax years 2010 and 2009. In November 2010, the Company received notification from the Internal Revenue Service that it
was granted a credit of approximately 244,000 related to the Therapeutic Credit. The Company elected to receive a cash grant in lieu of the credit which it received in May 2011. The cash grant is recorded as an offset to research and development
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for fiscal 2011. Comprehensive Gain (Loss)
 Comprehensive gain (loss) is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from
transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, including unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities. The Company has incurred no comprehensive gains or losses during fiscal years 2011, 2010 and 2009. 
 Computation of net loss per common share Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted-average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. In the loss periods, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants are excluded from the
computation of diluted net loss per share, as their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no restricted shares with right of repurchase excluded from the computation of net loss per share in fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009. 
 For fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, the following options and warrants to purchase shares of common stock, restricted stock awards and
restricted stock units were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share, as the inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive: 

Fiscal 2011 

Fiscal 2010 

Fiscal 2009 

Stock options 

8,083,896 

6,364,265 

4,217,156 

Stock warrants 

6,155,170 

12,240,437 

12,240,437 

Restricted stock units(1) 

1,798,213 

1,679,341 

2,505,434 

(1) 
 Includes 1,413,481, 1,158,138, and 692,448 shares of restricted stock in fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, awarded to directors that have vested but are still
restricted until the directors resign. 
 F-16

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Recent authoritative guidance 
 Proposed Amendments to Current Accounting Standards. The Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB is currently working on amendments to existing accounting standards governing a number of areas including, but not limited to, revenue recognition and lease accounting. 
 In June 2010, the FASB issued an exposure draft, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which would supersede most of the existing
guidance on revenue recognition in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition . In November 2011, the FASB re-exposed this draft. As the standard-setting process is still ongoing, the Company
is unable to determine the impact this proposed change in accounting will have in the Company s consolidated financial statements at this time. In August 2010, the FASB issued an exposure draft, Leases , which would result in significant changes to the accounting requirements for both lessees and lessors in ASC Topic 840, Leases . In
July 2011, the FASB announced its intention to re-expose the draft which is currently scheduled to re-expose in the first half of 2012. As the standard-setting process is still ongoing, the Company is unable to determine the impact this proposed
change in accounting will have in the Company s consolidated financial statements at this time. Fair Value
Measurement. In May 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-04, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendment to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP
and IFRSs ASU No. 2011-04 ). ASU No. 2011-04 amends the wording used to describe many of the requirements in U.S. GAAP for measuring fair value and disclosing information about fair value measurements. The amendments in
this update achieve the objective of developing common fair value measurement and disclosure requirements, as well as improving consistency and understandability. Some of the requirements clarify the FASB s intent about the application of
existing fair value measurement requirements while other amendments change a particular principle or requirement for measuring fair value or for disclosing information about fair value measurements. The amendments in this ASU are effective
prospectively for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011, with no early adoption permitted. The Company is required to adopt ASU No. 2011-04 effective its second quarter fiscal 2012. The Company is currently
evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Fees Paid to the Federal Government by Pharmaceutical Manufacturers. In December 2010, the FASB ratified a
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force EITF related to an annual fee to be paid to the federal government by pharmaceutical manufacturers as mandated by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act. This consensus requires the liability related to the annual fee to be estimated and recorded in full upon the first qualifying sale with a corresponding deferred cost that is amortized to expense generally using a
straight-line method of allocation over the calendar year that it is payable. This guidance is effective for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2010, when the fee initially became effective. The Company adopted this guidance effective
January 1, 2011. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition. In March 2010, the FASB ratified a consensus of the EITF related to the milestone method of revenue recognition. The consensus
codifies a method of revenue recognition that has been common practice. Under this method, contingent consideration from research and development activities that is earned upon the achievement of a substantive milestone is recognized in its entirety
in the period in which the milestone is achieved. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning on or after June 15, 2010 but may be early adopted as of the beginning of an annual period. The Company adopted this guidance effective
October 1, 2010. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements. In September 2009, the FASB issued authoritative guidance regarding multiple-deliverable revenue arrangements. This guidance
addresses how to measure and allocate 
 F-17

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

consideration to one or more units of accounting. Specifically, the guidance requires that consideration be allocated among multiple deliverables based on relative selling prices. The guidance
establishes a selling price hierarchy of (1) vendor-specific objective evidence, (2) third-party evidence and (3) estimated selling price. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning on or after June 15, 2010 but may
be early adopted as of the beginning of an annual period. The Company adopted this guidance effective October 1, 2010. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. 

3. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company measures the fair value of certain of its financial assets on a recurring basis. A fair value hierarchy is
used to rank the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1-Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2-Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities,
quoted prices in the markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3-Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. As of September 30, 2011 and 2010, the Company s cash equivalents held in money
market mutual funds of approximately 38.4 million and 25.2 million, respectively, are all valued using quoted prices generated by market transactions involving identical assets, or Level 1 as defined by the fair value hierarchy noted above.

4. 
 Restricted Investments in Marketable Securities 
 Restricted investments in marketable securities at September 30, 2011 and 2010 consist of certificates of deposit,
which are classified as held-to-maturity. At September 30, 2011 and 2010, the fair value of these investments approximated their cost basis. At September 30, 2011, restricted investments in marketable securities totaling approximately 1.6 million, classified as non-current assets, consist of three certificates of deposit that relate to
irrevocable standby letters of credit connected to fleet rentals and two office leases with expiration dates in 2013 and 2016. The certificates of deposit related to fleet rentals and the office lease expiring in 2016 automatically renew annually
and the certificate of deposit related to the office lease that expires in 2013 renews automatically every 30 days. Restricted
investments in marketable securities also consist of two certificates of deposit totaling approximately 618,300, classified as current assets, that relate to the Company s corporate credit card agreement and an irrevocable standby letter of
credit connected to the short-term portion of an office lease with an expiration date in 2013. The certificate of deposit related to the Company s credit card agreement automatically renews every three months and the certificate of deposit
related to the office lease renews automatically every 30 days. At September 30, 2010, restricted investments in
marketable securities totaling 401,550, classified as a non-current asset, consisted of an investment certificate of deposit that automatically renewed every 30 days that related to a letter of credit connected to an office lease with an expiration
date in 2013 and was classified as a non-current asset. Restricted investments in marketable securities also consisted of a 200,000 certificate of deposit that renewed every three months and was related to the Company s corporate credit card
agreement and was classified as a current asset. Restricted investments of 66,925 matured in fiscal 2010. No restricted
investments matured in fiscal 2011. 
 F-18

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are comprised of N UEDEXTA finished goods and the active pharmaceutical ingredients of
N UEDEXTA , dextromethorphan DM and quinidine Q ), as well as the active pharmaceutical ingredient docosanol. The composition of inventories as of September 30, 2011 and 2010 is as follows: 

September 30, 2011 

September 30, 2010 

Raw materials 

834,049 

554,465 

Work in progress 

32,328 

326,370 

Finished goods 

178,800 

Total inventory 

1,045,177 

880,835 

Less: current portion 

(252,244) 

(652,628) 

Non-current portion 

792,933 

228,207 

The amount classified as non-current inventories is comprised of the raw material components for
N UEDEXTA , dextromethorphan and quinidine, which will be used in the manufacture of N UEDEXTA capsules in the future. Included in finished goods inventory is N UEDEXTA that was manufactured in 2010 to obtain
FDA approval. This product is currently being sold to wholesalers and is scheduled to expire in 2012. Wholesalers generally will not purchase product that is within 12 months of expiration. As such, the Company recorded an inventory write-down of
approximately 82,000 in fiscal 2011 for the estimated amount of N UEDEXTA that may not be shipped due to short-dating. In fiscal 2010, the Company recorded an inventory reserve of approximately 198,000 for docosanol inventory based
on estimated usage. In fiscal 2009, the Company recorded an inventory reserve of approximately 456,000 which is primarily comprised of 383,000 for DM and Q supplies that were scheduled to expire in fiscal 2011 and an additional inventory reserve
of approximately 69,000 for docosanol inventory. As of September 30, 2011 and 2010, raw materials represent gross raw
materials of approximately 1.5 million and 1.3 million, respectively, offset by inventory reserves of approximately 695,000 and 699,000, respectively. Inventory write-downs may be taken in the future as the Company continues to assess inventory
on a periodic basis and due to potential changes in the operating procedures of our contract manufacturers. 
 F-19

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The following table presents the activity in inventory reserves for the last three
fiscal years: 

Balance at September 30, 2010 

Additional Reserves 

Usage 

Balance at September 30, 2011 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory 

Reserve for N UEDEXTA 

82,363 

82,363 

Reserve for docosanol 

316,400 

316,400 

Reserve for DM and Q 

383,000 

(4,171) 

378,829 

Total 

699,400 

82,363 

(4,171) 

777,592 

Balance at September 30, 2009 

Additional Reserves 

Balance at September 30, 2010 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory 

Reserve for docosanol 

118,760 

197,640 

316,400 

Reserve for DM and Q 

383,000 

383,000 

Total 

501,760 

197,640 

699,400 

Balance at September 30, 2008 

Additional Reserves 

Balance at September 30, 2009 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory 

Reserve for docosanol 

50,000 

68,760 

118,760 

Reserve for DM and Q 

383,000 

383,000 

Total 

50,000 

451,760 

501,760 

6. 
 Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment as of September 30, 2011 and 2010 consist of the following: 

September 30, 2011 

September 30, 2010 

Gross Carrying Value 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net 

Gross Carrying Value 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net 

Computer equipment and related software 

2,053,552 

(1,292,892) 

760,660 

1,659,196 

(1,291,068) 

368,128 

Leasehold improvements 

109,348 

(6,687) 

102,661 

37,790 

(26,470) 

11,320 

Office equipment furniture and fixtures 

1,409,065 

(577,057) 

832,008 

756,672 

(686,408) 

70,264 

Total property and equipment 

3,571,965 

(1,876,636) 

1,695,329 

2,453,658 

(2,003,946) 

449,712 

Depreciation and amortization expense associated with property and equipment was approximately 438,000,
 205,000, and 261,000 for fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. In fiscal 2011, approximately 574,426 of 
 F-20

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

office equipment was disposed of as it was determined to no longer be in use. The loss on disposal related to the net book value of approximately 9,000 is included in other, net on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In fiscal 2009, manufacturing equipment with a net book value of approximately 262,000 was disposed as it was determined the equipment was not likely to be used in the packaging process of
N UEDEXTA . 

7. 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities at September 30, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

September, 2011 

September 30, 2010 

Accrued royalties, rebates, chargebacks, and distribution fees 

595,595 

Accrued research and development expenses 

901,252 

221,956 

Accrued selling, general and administrative expenses 

978,605 

537,347 

Other liabilities 

195,739 

12,148 

Lease restructuring liability(1) 

334,269 

632,879 

Total accrued expenses and other liabilities 

3,005,460 

1,404,330 

Less: Current portion 

(2,936,973) 

(1,070,061) 

Non-current total accrued expenses and other liabilities 

68,487 

334,269 

(1) 
 In fiscal 2006, the Company relocated all operations other than research and development from San Diego, California to Aliso Viejo, California. In fiscal 2007, the
Company subleased a total of approximately 49,000 square feet of laboratory and office space in San Diego and relocated remaining personnel and clinical trial support functions to the Company s offices in Aliso Viejo, California.
Restructuring expenses included recognition of the estimated loss due to the exit of the Company s leases of approximately 2.1 million. No further costs were incurred related to these restructuring events in fiscal 2008. In April 2009,
the Company entered into a sublease for office space in San Diego, California. Sublease rental payments commenced in September 2009 pursuant to this sublease. In September 2009, the Company recognized a loss of approximately 172,000 related to a
lease restructuring liability resulting from a sublease entered into in April 2009 for office buildings subleased in San Diego, California. The lease restructuring loss is included in rent expense in fiscal 2009. 
 The following table presents the restructuring activities in fiscal 2011: 

Balance at September 30, 2010 

Payments/ Reductions 

Balance at September 30, 2011 

Accrued Restructuring 

Total lease restructuring liability 

632,879 

(298,610) 

334,269 

Less current portion 

(298,610) 

(265,782) 

Non-current portion 

334,269 

68,487 

F-21

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The following table presents the restructuring activities in fiscal 2010: 

Balance at September 30, 2009 

Payments/ Reductions 

Balance at September 30, 2010 

Accrued Restructuring 

Total lease restructuring liability 

991,583 

(358,704) 

632,879 

Less current portion 

(358,704) 

(298,610) 

Non-current portion 

632,879 

334,269 

8. 
 Deferred Revenues/Sale of Licenses 
 The following table sets forth as of September 30, 2011 and 2010 the net deferred revenue
balances for N UEDEXTA product shipments and the Company s sale of future Abreva royalty
rights to Drug Royalty USA. 

NUEDEXTA Product Shipments, Net 

Drug Royalty USA Agreement 

Total 

Net deferred revenues as of October 1, 2010 

8,476,831 

8,476,831 

Changes during the period: 

Shipments, net 

8,098,750 

8,098,750 

Recognized as revenues during period 

(6,445,962) 

(2,338,203) 

(8,784,165) 

Net deferred revenues as of September 30, 2011(1) 

1,652,788 

6,138,628 

7,791,416 

Classified and reported as: 

Current portion of deferred revenues 

1,652,788 

2,087,226 

3,740,014 

Deferred revenues, net of current portion 

4,051,402 

4,051,402 

Total deferred revenues 

1,652,788 

6,138,628 

7,791,416 

Net deferred revenues as of October 1, 2009 

9,912,367 

9,912,367 

Changes during the period: 

Recognized as revenues during period 

(1,435,536) 

(1,435,536) 

Net deferred revenues as of September 30, 2010 

8,476,831 

8,476,831 

Classified and reported as: 

Current portion of deferred revenues 

2,399,849 

2,399,849 

Deferred revenues, net of current portion 

6,076,982 

6,076,982 

Total deferred revenues 

8,476,831 

8,476,831 

(1) 
 The amount that ultimately will be recognized as net product sales may be different due to other discounts and allowances, including, but not limited to, wholesaler
fees based on wholesaler shipments, rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance. N UEDEXTA 
Product The amount of deferred revenue from N UEDEXTA product shipments is shown net of estimated prompt-pay discounts and wholesaler fees based on wholesaler purchases. The amount that ultimately will be recognized as net
product sales in the Company s consolidated financial statements may be different due to other 
 F-22

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

discounts and allowances, including, but not limited to, wholesaler fees based on wholesaler shipments, rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance. See Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies Revenue recognition Product Sales N UEDEXTA , for further discussion. Drug Royalty Agreement In November 2002, the Company sold to Drug Royalty USA an undivided interest in the Company s rights to receive future Abreva royalties under the license
agreement with GlaxoSmithKline for 24.1 million (the Drug Royalty Agreement and the GSK License Agreement, respectively). Under the Drug Royalty Agreement, Drug Royalty USA has the right to receive royalties from
GlaxoSmithKline on sales of Abreva until December 2013. The Company retained the right to receive 50 of all royalties (a net of 4 under the GSK License Agreement for annual net sales of Abreva in the U.S. and Canada in excess of
 62 million. In fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company recognized royalties related to the annual net Abreva sales in excess of 62 million in the amount of approximately 1.5 million, 942,000 and 951,000, respectively, which is included in
the consolidated statements of operations as revenues from royalties and royalty rights. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010,
the Company recorded a cumulative non-cash adjustment to correct an immaterial error related to previously recorded deferred royalty revenue related to the GSK license agreement. The total cumulative non-cash adjustment recorded in the fourth
quarter was a decrease in revenue of 797,000 which resulted in net revenues of 71,000) in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2010 and 2.9 million for fiscal 2010. Revenues are recognized when earned, collection is reasonably assured and no additional performance of services is required. The Company classified the proceeds received from Drug Royalty USA as deferred
revenue, and is recognizing the revenue over the life of the license agreement because of the Company s continuing involvement over the term of the Drug Royalty Agreement. Such continuing involvement includes overseeing the performance of
GlaxoSmithKline and its compliance with the covenants in the GSK License Agreement, monitoring patent infringement, adverse claims or litigation involving Abreva, and undertaking to find a new license partner in the event that GlaxoSmithKline
terminates the agreement. The Drug Royalty Agreement contains both covenants and events of default that require such performance on the Company s part. Therefore, nonperformance on the Company s part could result in default of the
arrangement, and could give rise to additional rights in favor of Drug Royalty USA under a separate security agreement with Drug Royalty USA, which could result in loss of the Company s rights to share in future Abreva royalties if wholesale
sales by GlaxoSmithKline exceed 62 million a year. The deferred revenue is being recognized as revenue using the units-of-revenue method over the life of the license agreement. Based on a review of the Company s continuing
involvement, the Company concluded that the sale proceeds did not meet any of the rebuttable presumptions that would require classification of the proceeds as debt. Kobayashi Docosanol License Agreement In January 2006, the Company signed an exclusive license agreement with Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Kobayashi ), a Japanese
corporation, to allow Kobayashi to market in Japan medical products that are curative of episodic outbreaks of herpes simplex or herpes labialis and that contain a therapeutic concentration of the Company s docosanol 10 cream. 
 In April 2009, the license agreement with Kobayashi was terminated and no termination fees were incurred. In the third quarter of fiscal
2009, the Company recognized approximately 170,000 in revenue which was previously deferred relating to the approximately 860,000 data transfer fee received in March 2006 upon initiation of the agreement. 
 During fiscal 2009, the Company recognized total revenues of approximately 284,000 related to the Kobayashi agreement. 
 Emergent Biosolutions License Agreement In March 2008, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase and License Agreement
with Emergent Biosolutions Emergent for the sale of the Company s anthrax antibodies and license to use its proprietary Xenerex Technology platform. Under the terms of the definitive agreement, the Company received upfront
payments totaling 500,000, of which 250,000 was deferred and recognized in the 
 F-23

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 upon delivery of all materials to Emergent. The Company has the potential to receive up to 1.25 million in milestone payments, as well as royalties on annual
net sales if the product is commercialized. Milestone payments of 250,000 are included in the consolidated statements of operations as revenues from license agreements in fiscal 2009. No revenue was received from this agreement in fiscal 2011 and
2010. In October 2010, AVP-21D9 for the treatment of inhalation anthrax was granted Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track
Designation. Emergent has initiated a Phase I clinical trial for AVP-21D9. 

9. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Operating lease commitments. The Company leases approximately 30,000 square feet of
office space in Aliso Viejo, California. The lease has scheduled rent increases each year and expires in 2016. As of September 30, 2011, the financial commitment for the remainder of the term of the lease is approximately 3.8 million.
 The Company leases approximately 30,370 square feet of office and lab space in San Diego, California. The lease has
scheduled rent increases each year and expires in 2013. All 30,370 square feet of office and lab space is subleased through January 14, 2013. The sublease has scheduled rent increases each year. As of September 30, 2011, the financial
commitment for the remainder of the term of the lease is approximately 1.6 million (excluding the benefit of approximately 1.3 million of payments to be received from the subleases). The Company delivered an irrevocable standby letter of
credit to the lessor in the amount of approximately 402,000, to secure the Company s performance under the lease (see Note 4). Rent expense, excluding common area charges and other costs, was approximately 1.9 million, 1.6 million and 1.5 million in fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Sublease rent income
totaled approximately 961,000, 889,000 and 907,000 in fiscal 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating lease commitments as of September 30, 2011 areas follows: 

Year Ending September 30, 
 
 Minimum Payments 

Less Payments to be Received from Subleases 

Net Payments 

2012 

1,709,902 

997,422 

712,480 

2013 

1,168,141 

281,801 

886,340 

2014 

816,527 

816,527 

2015 

806,794 

806,794 

2016 

830,997 

830,997 

Thereafter 

141,593 

141,593 

Total 

5,473,954 

1,279,223 

4,194,731 

Legal contingencies. N UEDEXTA ANDA Litigation In June and July 2011, the Company
received Paragraph IV certification notices from four separate companies contending that certain of its patents listed in the FDA Orange Book (U.S. Patents 7,659,282 282 Patent and RE 38,115 115 Patent ), which
expire in August 2026 and January 2016, respectively) are invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale of a generic form of N UEDEXTA as described in those companies 
abbreviated new drug applications ANDA ). In August 2011, the Company filed lawsuits in the U.S District Court for the District of Delaware against Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. (collectively
 Par ), Actavis South Atlantic LLC and Actavis, Inc. (collectively Actavis ), Wockhardt USA, LLC and Wockhardt, Ltd. (collectively, Wockhardt ), and Impax Laboratories, Inc. Impax (Par, Actavis,
Wockhardt and Impax, collectively the Defendants ). All four lawsuits (collectively, the 
 F-24

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

ANDA Actions were filed on the basis that the Defendants submissions of their respective ANDAs to obtain approval to manufacture, use, sell, or offer for sale generic versions
of N UEDEXTA prior to the expiration of the 282 Patent and the 115 Patent listed in the FDA Orange Book constitute infringement of one or more claims of those patents. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act, FDA final approval of the ANDAs submitted by the Defendants can occur no earlier than
October 29, 2013. Further, as a result of the 30-month stay associated with the filing of the ANDA Actions, the FDA cannot grant final approval to any ANDA before December 30, 2013, unless there is an earlier court decision holding that
the 282 and 115 patents are not infringed and/or are invalid. The Company intends to vigorously enforce its intellectual property rights relating to N UEDEXTA , but the Company cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
 Alamo and Azur Litigation In October 2011, Neal R. Cutler, M.D., the founder of Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC Alamo ), filed a lawsuit in California Superior Court against AzurPharma International III Limited and
AzurPharma Limited (collectively, Azur and Avanir (the Cutler Action ). The Company purchased Alamo in 2006 to acquire rights to FazaClo, an approved anti-psychotic drug. In connection with this acquisition of Alamo, the
Company agreed to provide the Alamo equity holders, including Dr. Cutler, with milestone payments tied to the aggregate net revenues of FazaClo. In 2007, the Company sold FazaClo and its related assets and operations to Azur. In connection with
this sale, Azur agreed to assume the milestone payment obligations due to Dr. Cutler under the Alamo purchase agreement, although the Company may remain liable for these payments if Azur defaults on these obligations. In the Cutler Action,
Dr. Cutler alleges that Azur has failed to make certain information reasonably available to Dr. Cutler and has withheld payments to which Dr. Cutler is entitled. Dr. Cutler alleges that Avanir has acquiesced in this conduct, and
Dr. Cutler seeks to hold both Azur and Avanir liable for these actions. Dr. Cutler is seeking damages in an amount that may exceed 35.0 million, as well as attorneys fees. As of September 30, 2011, the Company has not recorded
any liability related to any potential legal settlement that may be assessed against it. However, the Company will continue to evaluate the need for any such liability in the future. General and Other In the ordinary course of business, the Company may face
various claims brought by third parties and the Company may, from time to time, make claims or take legal actions to assert the Company s rights, including intellectual property rights as well as claims relating to employment and the safety or
efficacy of products. Any of these claims could subject the Company to costly litigation and, while the Company generally believes that the Company has adequate insurance to cover many different types of liabilities, the Company s insurance
carriers may deny coverage or policy limits may be inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated
operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or not successful, could damage the Company s reputation and business. Management believes the outcomes of currently pending claims and lawsuits will not
likely have a material effect on the Company s consolidated operations or financial position. In May 2010, the Company
received proceeds from a legal settlement in the amount of approximately 390,000. The proceeds were recorded as Other, net under Other Income (Expense) in the consolidated statement of operations in fiscal 2010. 
 In addition, it is possible that the Company could incur termination fees and penalties if it elected to terminate contracts with certain
vendors, including clinical research organizations. Guarantees and Indemnities. The Company
indemnifies its directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware, and various lessors in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facilities or leases. Additionally, the
Company periodically enters into contracts that 
 F-25

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

contain indemnification obligations, including contracts for the purchase and sale of assets, wholesale distribution agreements, clinical trials, pre-clinical development work and securities
offerings. These indemnification obligations provide the contracting parties with the contractual right to have Avanir pay for the costs associated with the defense and settlement of claims, typically in circumstances where Avanir has failed to meet
its contractual performance obligations in some fashion. The maximum amount of potential future payments under such
indemnifications is not determinable. The Company has not incurred significant costs related to these guarantees and indemnifications, and no liability has been recorded in the consolidated financial statements for guarantees and indemnifications as
of September 30, 2011 and 2010. Center for Neurologic Study CNS The Company holds the
exclusive worldwide marketing rights to N UEDEXTA for certain indications pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with CNS. We paid a 75,000 milestone upon FDA approval of N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA in fiscal 2011. In addition, we are obligated to pay CNS a royalty ranging from approximately 5 to 8 of
net GAAP revenue generated by sales of N UEDEXTA . Under certain circumstances, we may have the obligation to pay CNS a portion of net revenues received if we sublicense N UEDEXTA to a third party. 
 Under the agreement with CNS, we are required to make payments on achievements of up to a maximum of ten milestones, based upon five
specific clinical indications. Maximum payments for these milestone payments could total approximately 1.1 million if we pursued the development of N UEDEXTA for all five of the licensed indications. In general, individual milestones
range from 75,000 to 125,000 for each accepted new drug application NDA and a similar amount for each approved NDA in addition to the royalty discussed above on net GAAP revenues. We do not have the obligation to develop additional
indications under the CNS license agreement. 

10. 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred Stock In March 2009, the Board of Directors approved a stockholder rights plan (the Plan that provides for the issuance of Series A junior participating preferred stock to each stockholder of
record under certain circumstances. None of the Series A junior participating preferred stock was outstanding on September 30, 2011 and 2010. The Plan provided for a dividend distribution of one preferred share purchase right (the
 Right on each outstanding share of common stock, payable on shares outstanding as of March 20, 2009 (the Record Date ). All shares of common stock issued by the Company after the Record Date have been issued with such
Rights attached. Subject to limited exceptions, the Rights would become exercisable if a person or group acquires 20 or more of the Company s common stock or announces a tender offer for 20 or more of the Company s common stock (a
 Trigger Event ). If and when the Rights become exercisable, each Right will entitle stockholders, excluding the
person or group causing the Trigger Event (an Acquiring Person ), to buy a fraction of a share of Series A junior participating preferred stock at a fixed price. In certain circumstances following a Trigger Event, each Right will
entitle its owner, who is not an Acquiring Person, to purchase at the Right s then current exercise price, a number of shares of common stock having a market value equal to twice the Right s exercise price. Rights held by any Acquiring
Person would become void and not be exercisable to purchase shares at the discounted purchase price. The Board of Directors
may redeem the Rights at 0.0001 per Right at any time before a person has acquired 20 or more of the outstanding common stock. The Rights will expire on March 20, 2019, subject to a periodic review of the Plan by a committee of independent
directors. 
 F-26

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Common stock 
 Fiscal 2011. In November 2010, the Company completed a common stock offering raising 88.0 million in
gross proceeds and approximately 83.0 million in net proceeds to the Company after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In connection with the offering, 20 million shares of common stock were sold at a
public offering price of 4.40 per share. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for operating expenses. In addition, the net proceeds may be used for further clinical, regulatory and commercial development of AVP-923, as well as business
development activities. On July 30, 2009, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the
 Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), providing for the sale of up to 12,500,000 shares of common stock from time to time into the open market at prevailing prices. Pursuant to the Sales Agreement,
sales of common stock are made in such quantities and on such minimum price terms as the Company may set from time to time. During fiscal 2011, 2,147,000 shares of common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement at an average price of 3.78 per
share raising proceeds of 8.1 million 7.9 million after offering expenses, including commissions). The Company issued an additional 180,000 shares, in connection with the Sales Agreement, that were recorded as a stock subscription receivable at
September 30, 2010. The proceeds were received in fiscal 2011. As of September 30, 2011, a total of 8,686,510 shares of common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement at an average price of 2.84 per share raising gross proceeds of 24.7
million 23.7 million after offering expenses, including commissions). During fiscal 2011, the Company issued
252,941 shares of common stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units. In connection with the vesting, an officer exercised his option to pay for minimum required withholding taxes associated with the vesting of restricted
stock by surrendering 1,446 shares of common stock at an average market price of 3.92 per share. Also during fiscal 2011, the
Company issued 814,454 shares of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding options. Fiscal
2010. In May 2010, the Company closed an underwritten securities offering raising 27.5 million in gross proceeds and approximately 26.6 million in net proceeds to the Company after deducting underwriting
discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In connection with the offering, 10 million shares of common stock were sold at a public offering price of 2.75 per share. During fiscal 2010, 1,926,160 shares of common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement at an average price of 3.00 per share raising proceeds of 5.8 million 5.6 million after offering expenses,
including commissions). At September 30, 2010, the Company had not issued 180,000 shares sold in connection with the Sales Agreement. The Company recorded a stock subscription receivable of approximately 581,000 at September 30, 2010
related to the net proceeds in consideration for the 180,000 shares sold. During fiscal 2010, the Company issued
1,185,258 shares of common stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units. In connection with the vesting, two officers and three employees exercised their option to pay for minimum required withholding taxes associated with the
vesting of restricted stock by surrendering 90,606 and 15,258 shares of common stock, respectively, at an average market price of 2.02 and 1.97 per share, respectively. Also during fiscal 2010, the Company issued 55,836 shares of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding options. Fiscal 2009. During fiscal 2009, 4,613,350 shares of common stock were issued under the Sales Agreement at an average price of 2.34 per share raising gross proceeds of 10.8
million 10.2 million after offering expenses, including commissions). During fiscal 2009, the Company issued
346,294 shares of common stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units. In connection with the vesting, two officers and three employees exercised their option to pay 
 F-27

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

for minimum required withholding taxes associated with the vesting of restricted stock by surrendering 77,046 and 12,402 shares of common stock, respectively, at an average market price of
 2.08 and 2.13 per share, respectively. Warrants 
 During fiscal 2011, the Company received proceeds of approximately 8.7 million from the exercise of warrants to purchase 6,085,267 shares
of the Company s common stock. The warrants had been issued in connection with the Company s registered securities offering in April 2008 at an exercise price of 1.43 per share. As of September 30, 2011, warrants to purchase
6,155,170 shares of the Company s common stock at a weighted-average exercise price per share of 1.43 remained outstanding, all of which are exercisable. The warrants expire in April 2013. The warrants outstanding at September 30, 2011
are callable by the Company when the Company s stock price reaches 400 of the warrant s exercisable price for at least twenty trading days during any consecutive sixty day period. 
 A summary of common stock issued for fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 is shown in the table below: 

Common Stock Issued and 
 Stock Options and Warrants Exercised 
 
 Date 
 
 Common Stock Shares 

Gross Amount Received(1) 

Average Price per Share(2) 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2011: 

Registered offering of common stock 
 
 Sept. 2011 

1,092,000 

3,218,780 

2.95 

Registered offering of common stock 
 
 Nov. 2010 

20,000,000 

88,000,000 

4.40 

Registered offering of common stock 
 
 Various 

1,235,000 

5,489,893 

4.45 

Warrant exercises 
 
 Various 

6,085,267 

8,701,931 

1.43 

Restricted stock units 
 
 Various 

252,941 

Stock option exercises 
 
 Various 

814,454 

638,076 

0.78 

Total 

29,479,662 

106,048,680 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2010: 

Registered offering of common stock 
 
 May 2010 

10,000,000 

27,500,000 

2.75 

Registered offering of common stock 
 
 Various 

1,746,160 

5,188,704 

2.97 

Restricted stock units 
 
 Various 

1,185,258 

Stock option exercises 
 
 Various 

55,836 

45,476 

0.81 

Total 

12,987,254 

32,734,180 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2009: 

Registered offering of common stock 
 
 Aug. 2009 

4,613,350 

10,787,907 

2.34 

Restricted stock units 
 
 Various 

346,294 

Total 

4,959,644 

10,787,907 

(1) 
 Amount received represents the amount before the cost of financing and underwriter s discount. 

(2) 
 Average price per share has been rounded to two decimal places. Employee Equity Incentive Plans The Company currently has five
equity incentive plans (the Plans ): the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2005 Plan ), the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2003 Plan ), the 2000 Stock Option Plan (the 2000 Plan ), the 1998 Stock Option
Plan (the 1998 Plan and the 1994 Stock Option Plan (the 1994 Plan ), which are described 
 F-28

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

below. The 1994 Plan, 1998 Plan and 2000 Plan are expired and the Company no longer grants share-based awards from these plans. All of the Plans were approved by the stockholders, except for the
2003 Plan, which was approved solely by the Board of Directors. Share-based awards are subject to terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. The Company s policy is to issue new
common shares upon the exercise of stock options, conversion of share units or purchase of restricted stock. During fiscal
2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company granted share-based awards under both the 2003 Plan and the 2005 Plan. Under the 2003 Plan and 2005 Plan, options to purchase shares, restricted stock units, restricted stock and other share-based awards may be
granted to the Company s directors, employees and consultants. Under the Plans, as of September 30, 2011, the Company had an aggregate of 18,014,271 shares of common stock reserved for issuance. Of those shares, 9,882,109 were subject
to outstanding options and other awards and 8,132,162 shares were available for future grants of share-based awards. The Company may also issue share-based awards outside of the Plans. As of September 30, 2011, there were no options to
purchase shares of common stock that were issued outside of the Plans (inducement option grants). None of the share-based awards is classified as a liability as of September 30, 2011. 
 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 17, 2005, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of
the 2005 Plan that initially provided for the issuance of up to 500,000 shares of common stock, plus an annual increase beginning in fiscal 2006 equal to the lesser of (a) 1 of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the
immediately preceding fiscal year, (b) 325,000 shares of common stock, or (c) such lesser number of shares of common stock as the Board of Directors shall determine. Pursuant to the provisions of annual increases, the number of
authorized shares of common stock for issuance under the 2005 Plan increased by 273,417 shares effective November 16, 2005, 317,084 shares effective November 30, 2006, and an additional 325,000 shares effective for each date
of December 4, 2007, November 6, 2008, November 11, 2009 and November 10, 2010 to a total of 2,390,501 shares. In February 2006, the Company s stockholders eliminated the limitation on the number of shares of
common stock that may be issued as restricted stock under the 2005 Plan. The 2005 Plan allows the Company to grant options, restricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants.
As of September 30, 2011, 574,382 shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2005 Plan. 
 2003 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 13, 2003, the Board of Directors approved the adoption of the 2003
Plan that provides for the issuance of up to 625,000 shares of common stock, plus an annual increase beginning January 2004 equal to the lesser of (a) 5 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding
December 31, or (b) a number of shares of common stock set by the board of directors. Pursuant to the provisions of annual increases, the number of authorized shares of common stock for issuance under the 2003 Plan increased by
1,528,474 shares effective November 30, 2005, 1,857,928 shares effective August 3, 2007, 2,158,220 shares effective February 21, 2008, 3,911,352 shares effective February 19, 2009, 4,158,905 shares effective
February 18, 2010, and an additional 4,255,003 shares effective February 7, 2011 to a total of 18,494,882 shares. Of the additional 3,911,352 shares effective February 19, 2009, the Board of Directors provided that no more than
2,346,811 shares would be available to grant in calendar 2009. The 2003 Plan allows the Company to grant options, restricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants. As of
September 30, 2011, 7,557,780 shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2003 Plan. Stock
Options. Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the current market price of the Company s common stock at the grant date and have 10-year contractual terms. Options awards typically vest in
accordance with one of the following schedules: a. 25 of the option shares vest and become exercisable
on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 75 of the option shares vest and become exercisable quarterly in equal installments thereafter over three years; 
 F-29

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 b. One-third of the option shares vest and become exercisable on
the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining two-thirds of the option shares vest and become exercisable daily or quarterly in equal installments thereafter over two years; 
 c. 6.25 vest upon obtainment of a performance target and the remaining option shares vest and become exercisable
quarterly in equal installments thereafter over 3.75 years; or d. Options fully vest and become
exercisable at the date of grant. Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as
defined in the Plans). Summaries of stock options outstanding and changes during fiscal 2011 are presented below. 

Number of Shares 

Weighted Average Exercise Price per Share 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (In Years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding September 30, 2010 

6,364,265 

1.69 

Granted 

2,622,075 

3.89 

Exercised 

(814,454) 

0.78 

Forfeited 

(74,000) 

3.88 

Expired 

(13,990) 

13.89 

Outstanding September 30, 2011 

8,083,896 

2.46 

7.9 

8,254,167 

Vested and expected to vest in the future, September 30, 2011 

7,626,638 

2.43 

7.9 

8,009,184 

Exercisable, September 30, 2011 

2,919,749 

2.17 

6.9 

4,339,493 

The weighted average grant-date fair values of options granted during fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 were
 3.18, 1.56 and 0.40 per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2011 and 2010 was 2.5 million and 116,000, respectively, based on the differences in market prices on the dates of exercise and the option
exercise prices. There were no stock options exercised in fiscal 2009. As of September 30, 2011, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to options was approximately 9.6 million, which is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.6 years, based on the vesting schedules. The fair value of each option award is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock and other factors. The expected term of options
granted is based on analyses of historical employee termination rates and option exercises. The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of
the grant. Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model for options granted during fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 were as follows:

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Expected volatility 
 
 103.7 108.0 
 
 104.6 105.3 
 
 100.8 101.3 
 
 Weighted-average volatility 
 
 107.7 
 
 105.0 
 
 100.8 
 
 Average expected term in years 
 
 5.8 
 
 5.6 
 
 5.0 
 
 Risk-free interest rate (zero coupon U.S. Treasury Note) 
 
 1.1 2.5 
 
 1.7 2.7 
 
 1.6 2.3 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 F-30

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 The following table summarizes information concerning outstanding and exercisable stock
options as of September 30, 2011 : 

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Number Outstanding 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Range of Exercise Prices 

Number Exercisable 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

0.47- 0.79 

1,105,970 

7.2 

0.53 

596,379 

0.53 

0.88 

1,755,904 

6.8 

0.88 

981,201 

0.88 

1.20- 1.74 

1,604,054 

7.9 

1.70 

723,124 

1.66 

1.80- 3.67 

1,215,831 

8.8 

2.66 

326,233 

2.42 

3.87- 4.18 

2,109,325 

9.3 

4.08 

4.60- 19.38 

292,812 

3.9 

10.82 

292,812 

10.82 

8,083,896 

7.9 

2.46 

2,919,749 

2.17 

Restricted stock units RSU ). RSUs generally vest based on three
years of continuous service and may not be sold or transferred until the awardee s termination of service. The following table summarizes the RSU activities for fiscal 2011: 

Number of Shares 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested, October 1, 2010 

521,203 

1.78 

Granted 

371,813 

4.12 

Vested 

(508,353) 

2.20 

Unvested, September 30, 2011 

384,663 

3.50 

The weighted average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 was 4.12,
 2.00 and 0.44 per unit, respectively. The fair value of RSUs vested during fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 was approximately 1.1 million, 2.2 million and 1.1 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2011, the total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested stock units was approximately 784,000, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.8 years, based on the vesting schedules and assuming no forfeitures. 
 At September 30, 2011, there were 1,413,481 shares of restricted stock with a weighted-average grant date fair value of 1.78
per share awarded to directors that have vested but are still restricted until the directors resign. In fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, 255,343, 465,689 and 519,062 shares of restricted stock, respectively, vested but remained restricted. 
 During fiscal 2011, the Company awarded performance-based RSUs Performance RSUs to purchase up to 166,813 shares of
the Company s common stock. The grant date fair value of these awards was 4.18 per share. The RSUs have a performance goal that determines the actual number of shares to be awarded. If the goal is met by the target date, no shares are
forfeited. If the goal is met within two months after the target date, 25 of the shares will be forfeited and if the goal is not met within two months after the target date, all shares will be forfeited. As of September 30, 2011, the
performance goal had been achieved and no shares were forfeited. The shares vest 50 on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 50 on the second anniversary of the grant date. 
 During fiscal 2010, the Company awarded an RSU representing the right to acquire a total of 120,000 shares of common stock to a
non-employee. The grant date fair value of this award was 2.08 per share. The restricted stock units vest on the earlier of October 15, 2011 or the completion of a performance target, and are re-measured at each balance sheet date until
vested. 
 F-31

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 In November 2009, the Company s compensation committee approved a modification to
the vesting schedule of RSUs originally granted on December 4, 2007 12/4/2007 Modified Awards ). The 12/4/2007 Modified Awards originally were to vest 50 upon the earlier of the completion of a Company milestone or December 4,
2010, and the remaining 50 on December 4, 2010. The awards vesting was modified to vest equally over two specified dates, March 15, 2010 and December 4, 2010. The 12/4/2007 Modified Awards are for an aggregate of 480,785 RSUs
held by eight employees, including officers. The modification did not change the probability of vesting and did not result in any incremental share-based compensation. At the date of modification, no RSUs were vested and the remaining unamortized
share-based compensation expense was amortized over the remaining vesting periods of the 12/4/2007 Modified Awards. In June
2009, the Company s compensation committee approved a modification to the vesting schedule of RSUs originally granted on March 21, 2007 3/21/2007 Modified Awards ). The 3/21/2007 Modified Awards originally were to vest 50 upon
the earlier of the completion of a Company milestone or March 21, 2010, and the remaining 50 on March 21, 2010. The awards vesting was modified to vest equally over four specified dates through August 31, 2010. The 3/21/2007
Modified Awards were for an aggregate of 1,200,708 RSUs held by eight grantees, including officers and employees. The modification did not change the probability of vesting and did not result in any incremental share-based compensation. At the date
of modification, no RSUs were vested and the remaining unamortized share-based compensation expense was amortized over the remaining vesting periods of the 3/21/2007 Modified Awards. 

11. 
 Research, License, Supply and other Agreements 
 Center for Neurologic Study CNS The Company holds the exclusive worldwide marketing
rights to N UEDEXTA for certain indications pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with CNS. We paid a
 75,000 milestone upon FDA approval of N UEDEXTA for the treatment of PBA in fiscal 2011. In addition, we are obligated to pay CNS a royalty ranging from approximately 5 to 8 of net GAAP revenue generated by sales of
N UEDEXTA . During fiscal 2011, we recorded royalties of approximately 389,000 related to N UEDEXTA product shipments. Of this amount, approximately 309,000 is recorded to cost of product sales in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2011, and the remaining 80,000 represents deferred cost of product sales and is recorded in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2011. Under certain
circumstances, we may have the obligation to pay CNS a portion of net revenues received if we sublicense N UEDEXTA to a third party. Under the agreement with CNS, we are required to make payments on achievements of up to a maximum of ten milestones, based upon five specific clinical indications. Maximum payments for these milestone
payments could total approximately 1.1 million if we pursued the development of N UEDEXTA for all five of the licensed indications. In general, individual milestones range from 75,000 to 125,000 for each accepted NDA and a similar
amount for each approved NDA in addition to the royalty discussed above on net GAAP revenues. We do not have the obligation to develop additional indications under the CNS license agreement. 
 HBI Docosanol License Agreement In July 2006, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Healthcare
Brands International, pursuant to which the Company granted to HBI the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize docosanol 10 in the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Ukraine and the United Kingdom. The HBI License Agreement automatically expires on a country-by-country basis upon the later to occur of (a) the
15th anniversary of the first commercial sale in each respective country in the Licensed Territory or (b) the date the last claim of any patent licensed under the HBI License Agreement expires or is invalidated that covers sales of
licensed products in each such country in the Licensed Territory. The Company did not receive any payments under the HBI License Agreement during fiscal 2011, 2010 or 2009. 
 F-32

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Kobayashi Docosanol License Agreement In January 2006, the Company
signed an exclusive license agreement with Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Kobayashi ), a Japanese corporation, to allow Kobayashi to market in Japan medical products that are curative of episodic outbreaks of herpes simplex or herpes
labialis and that contain a therapeutic concentration of the Company s docosanol 10 cream. In April 2009, the license
agreement with Kobayashi was terminated and no termination fees were incurred. In fiscal 2009, the Company recognized approximately 170,000 in revenue which was previously deferred relating to the 860,000 data transfer fee received in March 2006
upon initiation of the agreement. During fiscal 2009, the Company recognized total revenues of approximately 284,000 related
to the Kobayashi agreement. The Company did not recognize any revenue related to the Kobayashi agreement during fiscal 2011 or 2010. GlaxoSmithKline Subsidiary, SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, Inc. GSK ). On March 31, 2000, the Company signed an exclusive license agreement with GSK for rights to
manufacture and sell Abreva (docosanol 10 cream) as an over-the-counter product in the United States and Canada as a treatment for recurrent oral-facial herpes. Under the terms of the license agreement, GSK Consumer Healthcare is responsible for
all sales and marketing activities and the manufacturing and distribution of Abreva in the U.S. and Canada. The terms of the license agreement provide for the Company to earn royalties on product sales. In October 2000 and August 2005, GSK
launched Abreva in the United States and Canada, respectively. All milestones under the agreement were earned and paid prior to fiscal 2003. During fiscal 2003, the Company sold an undivided interest in the GSK license agreement to Drug Royalty with
a term until the later of December 13, 2013 or until the expiration of the patent for Abreva. (See Note 8, Deferred Revenues/Sale of Licenses. Azur Pharma . In August 2007, the Company entered into a license agreement with Azur Pharma , where the Company could receive up to 2.0 million in royalties, based on 3 of
annualized net product revenues in excess of 17.0 million. During fiscal 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recorded royalty revenues of approximately 527,000, 516,000 and 395,000 in connection with this agreement. 
 P.N. Gerolymatos SA. Gerolymatos ). In May 2004, the Company signed an exclusive agreement with
Gerolymatos giving them the rights to manufacture and sell docosanol 10 cream as a treatment for cold sores in Greece, Cyprus, Turkey and Romania. Under the terms of the agreement, Gerolymatos will be responsible for all sales and marketing
activities, as well as manufacturing and distribution of the product. The terms of the agreement provide for the Company to receive a license fee, royalties on product sales and milestones related to product approvals in Greece, Cyprus, Turkey and
Romania. This agreement will continue until the latest of the 12th anniversary of the first commercial sale in each of those respective countries, or the date that the patent expires, or the last date of the expiration of any period of data
exclusivity in those countries. Gerolymatos is also responsible for regulatory submissions to obtain marketing approval of the product in the licensed territories. Less than 1,000 was recognized in royalty revenue from this agreement in fiscal
2011. In fiscal 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized royalty revenue from product sales of approximately 1,800 and 6,000, respectively. Emergent Biosolutions. In March 2008, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase and License Agreement with Emergent Biosolutions for the sale of the Company s anthrax
antibodies and license to use the Company s proprietary Xenerex Technology platform which was used to generate fully human antibodies to target antigens. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company completed the remaining work under an
NIH/NIAID grant and transferred all materials to Emergent. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is eligible to receive milestone payments and royalties on any product sales generated from this program. The Company did not earn anything in
milestone payments in fiscal 2011 and 2010. The Company earned 250,000 in milestone payments in fiscal 2009. Non-anthrax
related antibodies. In September 2008, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with a San Diego based biotechnology company for the sale of non-anthrax related antibodies as well as the remaining
equipment and supplies associated with the Xenerex Technology platform. No licensing revenue was recorded in fiscal 2011, 2010 and 2009 associated with this agreement. 
 F-33

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. 
 Income Taxes 
 Components of the income tax provision are as follows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2011, 2010 and
2009: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Current: 

State 

3,200 

3,200 

3,200 

Deferred: 

Federal 

(18,297,582) 

(4,744,248) 

(5,948,313) 
 
 State 

(2,020,800) 

(1,703,786) 

(1,026,174) 

(20,318,382) 

(6,448,034) 

(6,974,487) 

Increase in deferred income tax asset valuation allowance 

20,318,382 

6,448,034 

6,974,487 

Total income tax provision 

3,200 

3,200 

3,200 

Deferred income taxes reflect the income tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s net deferred income tax balance are as follows: 

September 30, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

117,027,433 

97,127,486 

90,497,829 

Deferred revenue 

2,960,454 

3,336,963 

3,920,337 

Research credit carryforwards 

11,560,603 

11,283,223 

11,295,872 

Capitalized research and development costs 

263,942 

714,010 

986,955 

Capitalized license fees and patents 

2,342,589 

2,744,311 

3,075,544 

Share-based compensation and options 

5,586,697 

4,514,473 

3,449,222 

Foreign tax credits 

595,912 

595,912 

595,912 

Other 

1,480,613 

703,544 

750,675 

Deferred income tax assets 

141,818,243 

121,019,922 

114,572,346 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Other 

(479,941) 

(2) 

(459) 

Deferred tax liabilities 

(479,941) 

(2) 

(459) 

Less valuation allowance for net deferred income tax assets 

(141,338,302) 

(121,019,920) 

(114,571,887) 

Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities) 

The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against the net deferred income tax assets recorded as
of September 30, 2011, 2010 and 2009 as the Company concluded that they are unlikely to be realized. As of September 30, 2011 the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of 307,000,000 and 242,800,000,
respectively. As of September 30, 2011 the Company had federal and California research and development credits of 7,300,000 and 6,400,000, respectively. The net operating loss and research credit carryforwards will expire on various dates
through 2029, unless previously utilized. We also have foreign tax credit 
 F-34

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

carryforwards of 600,000 which begin to expire in 2011, unless previously utilized. In the event of certain ownership changes, the Tax Reform Act of 1986 imposes certain restrictions on the
amount of net operating loss and credit carryforwards that the Company may use in any year. A reconciliation of the federal
statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows for the fiscal years ended September 30: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Federal statutory rate 

(34) 

(34) 

(34) 
 
 Increase in deferred income tax asset valuation allowance 

34 

24 

32 

State income taxes, net of federal effect 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 
 
 Research and development credits 

0 

0 

(1) 
 
 Expired net operating loss and other credits 

4 

15 

8 

Other 

0 

0 

1 

Effective income tax rate 

0 

0 

0 

13. 
 Employee Savings Plan 
 The Company has established an employee savings plan pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The
plan allows participating employees to deposit into tax deferred investment accounts up to 50 of their salary, subject to annual limits. The Company is not required to make matching contributions under the plan. However, the Company voluntarily
contributed approximately 204,000, 58,000 and 39,000 in fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, to the plan. 

14. 
 Segment Information 
 The Company operates the business on the basis of a single reportable segment, which is the business of discovery,
development and commercialization of novel therapeutics for chronic diseases. The Company s chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who evaluates the company as a single operating segment. 
 The Company categorizes revenues by geographic area based on selling location. All operations are currently located in the United States;
therefore, total revenues for fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009 are attributed to the United States. All long-lived assets at September 30, 2011 and 2010 are located in the United States. 
 Approximately 37 , 82 , and 78 of the Company s total revenues in fiscal 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, were derived from a
license agreement with GSK and the sale of rights to royalties under that agreement. Royalties from Azur totaled approximately 18 of total revenue in fiscal 2010 and were less than 10 of total revenues in fiscal 2011 and 2009. 

15. 
 Subsequent Events 
 From October 1, 2011 through December 9, 2011, 5,445,061 shares were issued pursuant to the exercise of warrants that
were outstanding at September 30, 2011, resulting in proceeds of approximately 7.8 million to the Company. From
October 1, 2011 through December 9, 2011, 1,085,000 shares of common stock were sold under the at-the-market facility with Cantor at an average price of 2.94 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 3.1 million. 
 From October 1, 2011 through December 9, 2011, 310,275 shares were issued pursuant to exercises of stock options that were
outstanding at September 30, 2011, resulting in proceeds of approximately 235,000 to the Company. 
 F-35

Table of Contents 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 From October 1, 2011 through December 9, 2011, 164,688 shares were issued
pursuant to the vesting of restricted stock units that were outstanding at September 30, 2011. 

 F-36

<EX-10.24>
 2
 d259667dex1024.htm
 FORM OF CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT

Form of Change of Control Agreement 

Exhibit 10.24 CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT This Change of Control Agreement (the
 Agreement ), dated as of , 2011 (the Effective Date ), is made by and between Avanir
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal offices at 20 Enterprise, Suite 200, Aliso Viejo, California (the Company and
 Employee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. It is expected that other entities or individuals may, from time to time, consider the possibility of acquiring the Company in a
transaction that will result in a Change of Control (defined below), with or without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors recognizes that such consideration may cause Employee to consider alternative
employment opportunities. Accordingly, the Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Employee,
notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change of Control. B. The Company s Board of Directors
believes it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to enter into this Agreement to provide incentives to Employee to continue in the service of the Company in the event of a Change of Control. 
 C. The Board of Directors further believes that it is necessary to provide Employee with certain benefits upon termination of
Employee s employment in connection with a Change of Control, which benefits are intended to provide Employee with financial security and provide sufficient income and encouragement to Employee to remain employed by the Company, notwithstanding
the possibility of a Change of Control. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements
contained herein, and in consideration of the continuing employment of Employee by the Company, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1.
 Definitions . 1.1 Awards means Employee s outstanding stock options, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards granted under the Company Equity Plans, in each case that remain outstanding immediately following a Change of Control. 
 1.2 Base Salary means Employee s gross monthly salary on the date of calculation, excluding bonus and other
incentive compensation. 1.3 Cause shall, if applicable, have the meaning set forth in the definitive
written employment agreement between Employee and the Company (the Employment Agreement provided, however, that if there is no Employment Agreement, or if the Employment Agreement does not define what shall constitute a termination for
 cause (or a substantially similar term), then Cause for purposes of this Agreement shall mean: (i) Employee s material breach of this Agreement or any confidentiality agreement between the Company and Employee;
(ii) 

Employee s failure or refusal to comply with the Company s Employee Manual, the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or other policies or procedures established by the
Company (iii) Employee s appropriation (or attempted appropriation) of a material business opportunity of the Company, including attempting to secure or securing any personal profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf
of the Company; (iv) Employee s misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of any of the Company s funds or material property; (v) Employee s conviction of, or the entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with
respect to a felony, the equivalent thereof, or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible punishment; or (vi) Employee s willful misconduct or incompetence. 
 1.4 CCC means the California Code of Civil Procedure. 
 1.5 A Change of Control shall have occurred if, and only if: 
 (a) any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity or
person, or any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of directors of the Company; or 
 (b) if those individuals who constituted the Board at the Effective Date cease to constitute a majority of the Board as a
result of, or in connection with, a proxy solicitation made by a third party pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or (c) there occurs a reorganization, merger, consolidation or other corporate transaction involving the Company Transaction ), in each case, with respect to which the stockholders of the
Company immediately prior to such Transaction do not, immediately after the Transaction, own more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of directors of the Company or
of the securities of any other corporation resulting from such Transaction; or (d) all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company are sold, liquidated or distributed, other than in connection with a bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors. 
 1.6 A Change of Control Termination shall have occurred if Employee s employment by the Company, or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliates, is terminated without Cause or Employee resigns in a Resignation for Good Reason, in either case subsequent to the signing of an agreement, the consummation of which would result in a Change of Control, or within 12
months following the effective date of a Change of Control. 1.7 A Death or Disability Change of Control
Termination shall have occurred if Employee s employment by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, is terminated by reason of Employee s Disability or death, in either case subsequent to the signing of an
agreement, the consummation of which would result in a Change of Control, or within 12 months following the effective date of a Change of Control. 
 2 

1.8 Disability means (a) Employee is unable to engage in any
substantial gainful activity because of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or to last for a continuous period of at least 12 months; or (b) Employee has been receiving income
replacement benefits for at least three months under an accident and health plan of the service recipient as the result of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or to last for a continuous
period of at least 12 months. 1.9 COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985.
 1.10 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 1.11 Company Equity Plans means the Company s 1994 Stock Option Plan, 1998 Stock Option Plan, 2000 Stock Option
Plan, 2003 Equity Incentive Plan and 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, each as may be amended from time to time, and any stock option agreements, award notices, stock purchase agreements or other agreements or instruments executed and delivered pursuant
thereto. 1.12 Release means a general release, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , by
Employee of all claims against the Company and its affiliates as of the date of the Change of Control Termination. 1.13
 Resignation for Good Reason means a resignation based on any of the following events, each of which shall constitute Good Reason, subject to the notice and cure provisions set forth below: 
 (a) a material diminution in Employee s authority, duties, reporting relationship, or responsibilities; 
 (b) a material diminution in Employee s Base Salary; 
 (c) a material change in geographic location at which the Employee must perform the services; or 
 (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of the terms of an applicable employment agreement.
 To constitute a Resignation for Good Reason: (i) Employee must provide written notice to the Company within 90 days of
the initial existence of the event constituting Good Reason, (ii) Employee may not terminate his or her employment unless the Company fails to remedy the event constituting Good Reason within 30 days after such notice has been deemed given
pursuant to this Agreement, and (iii) Employee must terminate employment with the Company no later than 30 days after the end of the 30-day period in which the Company fails to remedy the event constituting Good Reason. 
 3 

1.14 Severance Payment means severance pay in an amount equal to [X]
months of Base Salary, plus an amount equal to the greater of (A) the aggregate bonus payment(s) received by Employee in the Company s preceding fiscal year or (B) the target bonus amount, such payments to be paid in accordance with
the terms in Section 2.1(b) below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the tenure of Employee s employment with the Company at the time of termination is less than one year, then the bonus amount calculated under this Section 1.11 shall
be pro rated for the partial year of service. 1.15 Severance Period means the 12-month period following a
Change of Control Termination. 2. Change of Control Termination . 
 2.1 Payment upon Change of Control Termination . Subject to Sections 2.2 and 2.3, in the event of a Change of Control Termination:
 (a) The Company shall promptly pay Employee all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and all accrued but unused
vacation time, each through the date of termination; and (b) The Company shall pay Employee the Severance
Payment after the date of termination, which Severance Payment shall be payable in one lump-sum payment on the first payroll date that is 30 days after the date of such termination. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at
the time of Employee s separation from service, Employee is determined by the Company to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, and if any payment that Employee becomes entitled to
under this Agreement would be considered deferred compensation subject to interest and additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then no such
payment shall be payable prior to the date that is the earlier of (1) six months and one day after Employee s separation from service, or (2) Employee s death. The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in
accordance with Section 409A of the Code. The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and
regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party; and (c) Employee may elect to continue insurance coverage as afforded to Employee according to COBRA at no cost to the Employee during the Severance Period. Nothing in this Agreement will extend
Employee s COBRA period beyond the period allowed under COBRA, nor is Company assuming any responsibility for Employee s election to continue coverage; and 
 (d) The vesting of all Awards shall accelerate in full and all rights of repurchase of Award shares shall immediately
lapse. (e) In the event of a Disability Change of Control Termination, subject to Section 2.2 (which
shall apply pursuant to this Section 2.1(e) only in the event of a termination due to Employee s Disability) and Section 2.3, Employee shall receive the compensation stated in Sections 2.1(a) through (d) pursuant to the same
terms and conditions stated therein; provided, however, that the Severance Payment shall be pro rated by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed from the date of the Change of Control (or the signing of an agreement the
consummation of which will result in a Change of Control, if such death or termination occurs prior to the actual Change of Control) through the date of death or termination, as the case may be, and the denominator of which is 365. 
 4 

2.2 Employee Release . In consideration for the benefits set forth above in Sections
2.1(b), 2.1(c), 2.1(d) and, if applicable, 2.1(e), following either a Change of Control Termination or a Disability Change of Control Termination, as applicable, Employee shall execute and deliver the Release no later than 10 days after termination
of employment. The Company shall have no obligation to pay or grant the benefits set forth in Sections 2.1(b), 2.1(c), 2.1(d) or 2.1(e) if Employee does not execute and deliver the Release, or if Employee subsequently revokes, or attempts in writing
to revoke, any portion of the Release. 2.3 Other Benefits . In the event that the Employment Agreement provides for
specific benefits upon a Change of Control and/or a Change of Control Termination that are materially more favorable to Employee than like benefits set forth herein, then Employee shall be entitled to those benefits set forth in the Employment
Agreement in lieu of the lesser like benefits set forth herein. 3. Excise Tax Cutback . 
 (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that any compensation, payment or
distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of Employee, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (collectively, the Payments ), would be subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, the following provisions shall apply: (i) If the
Payments, reduced by the sum of (1) the Excise Tax (as defined below) and (2) the total of the federal, state, and local income and employment taxes payable by Employee on the amount of the Payments that are in excess of the Threshold
Amount (as defined below), are greater than or equal to the Threshold Amount, then Employee shall be entitled to the full benefits payable under this Agreement. (ii) If the Threshold Amount is less than (x) the Payments, but greater than (y) the Payments reduced by the sum of (1) the Excise Tax and (2) the total of the federal, state, and
local income and employment taxes on the amount of the Payments which are in excess of the Threshold Amount, then the benefits payable under this Agreement shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent necessary so that the maximum Payments
shall not exceed the Threshold Amount. In such event, the payments shall be reduced in the following order: (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code;
(3) equity-based payments and acceleration; and (4) non-cash forms of benefits. To the extent any payment is to be made over time (e.g., in installments, etc.), then the payments shall be reduced in reverse chronological order. The
determination of the reduction shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected and paid for by the Company (the Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Employee within 15 business days of the date of 
 5 

termination of service, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or the Employee. For purposes of this determination, the Employee shall be deemed to pay
federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual
taxation in the state and locality of the Employee s residence on the date of termination of service, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. Any determination
by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Employee. (b) For the purposes of this
Section 3, Threshold Amount shall mean three times Employee s base amount within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, less one dollar 1.00); and
 Excise Tax shall mean the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, and any interest or penalties incurred by Employee with respect to such excise tax. 4. Dispute Resolution Procedures . Any dispute or claim arising out of this Agreement shall be subject to final and binding arbitration. The arbitration will be conducted by one arbitrator who is a
member of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS). The arbitration shall be held in Orange County, California. The arbitrator shall have all authority to determine the arbitrability of
any claim and enter a final and binding judgment at the conclusion of any proceedings in respect of the arbitration. Notwithstanding any rule of AAA or JAMS to the contrary, the provisions of Title 9 of Part 3 of the CCC including
Section 1283.05, and successor statutes, permitting expanded discovery proceedings shall be applicable to all disputes that are arbitrated under this paragraph. The arbitrator shall have all power and authority to enter orders relating to such
discovery as are allowed under the CCC. The party prevailing in the resolution of any such claim will be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to an award of all fees and costs incurred in pursuit of the claim (including
reasonable attorneys fees) without regard to any statute, schedule, or rule of court purported to restrict such award. 5. At-Will
Employment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Employee reaffirms that Employee s employment relationship with the Company is at-will, terminable at any time and for any reason by either the Company or Employee. While certain
paragraphs of this Agreement describe events that could occur at a particular time in the future, nothing in this Agreement may be construed as a guarantee of employment of any length. 6. General Provisions . 6.1 Governing Law . This Agreement will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict-of-law principles. 
 6.2 Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and
its successors and assigns. Employee may not assign, pledge or encumber her interest in this Agreement or any part thereof, provided, however, that the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon Employee s
estate. 
 6 

6.3 No Waiver of Breach . If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of
this Agreement, he or it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. The rights granted the parties are cumulative, and the election of one will not constitute a
waiver of such party s right to assert all other legal and equitable remedies available under the circumstances. 6.4
 Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any provision will be held to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder of the provisions, or enforceable parts of this Agreement, will not
be affected. 6.5 Entire Agreement; Amendment . This Agreement, including Exhibit A, constitutes the entire agreement of
the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and understandings between the parties, oral or written, except those provisions of the Employment Agreement
expressly referred to herein. This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by writing signed by both of the parties hereto. 6.6 Modification; Waivers . No modification, termination or attempted waiver of this Agreement will be valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such modification, termination or
waiver is sought to be enforced. 6.7 Duplicate Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts;
each of, which shall be deemed an original; provided, however, such counterparts shall together constitute only one instrument. 
 6.8 Interpretation . The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, words of the masculine gender shall mean and include corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender. 
 6.9 No Mitigation . No payment to which Employee is entitled pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof shall be reduced by reason of
compensation or other income received by her for services rendered after termination of her employment with the Company. 6.10
 Withholding of Taxes . The Company shall withhold appropriate federal, state, local (and foreign, if applicable) income and employment taxes from any payments hereunder. 6.11 Drafting Ambiguities; Representation by Counsel . Each party to this Agreement and its counsel have reviewed and revised this Agreement and the Release. The rule of construction that any
ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement, the Release or any of the amendments to this Agreement. 
 6.12 Prior Agreement . This Agreement amends and restates that certain Change of Control Agreement, dated __, 2011,
by and between the Company and Employee. 
 7 

In witness whereof, this Change of Control Agreement has been executed as of the date first
set forth above. 

AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

By: 

Keith Katkin 

President Chief Executive Officer 

Employee 

(Signature) 

(Print Name) 

8 

EXHIBIT A 
 GENERAL RELEASE This General Release Release is entered into effective as of __________ __, 200_, (the Effective Date by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, having its principal offices at 20 Enterprise, Suite 200, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 (the Company and ______________, an individual residing at ______________ Employee with reference to the following
facts: RECITALS A. The parties hereto entered into a Change of Control Agreement dated _________ __, 200_ Agreement ), by which the parties agreed that in certain circumstances Employee would become
eligible for severance payments following a termination of service in connection with a Change of Control and the reimbursement of certain insurance premiums in exchange for Employee s release of the Company from all claims which Employee may
have against the Company. B. The parties desire to dispose of, fully and completely, all claims that Employee may have
against the Company in the manner set forth in this Release. AGREEMENT 
 1. Release . Employee, for himself/herself and his/her heirs, successors and assigns, fully releases, and discharges Company, its
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, attorneys, accountants, other professionals, insurers and agents (collectively Agents ), and all entities related to each such party, including, but not limited to, heirs, executors,
administrators, personal representatives, assigns, parent, subsidiary and sister corporations, affiliates, partners and co-venturers (collectively Related Entities ), from all rights, claims, demands, actions, causes of action,
liabilities and obligations of every kind, nature and description whatsoever, Employee now has, owns or holds or has at anytime had, owned or held or may have against the Company, Agents or Related Entities from any source whatsoever, whether or not
arising from or related to the facts recited in this Release. Employee specifically releases and waives any and all claims arising under any express or implied contract, rules, regulation or ordinance, including, without limitation, Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended ADEA ). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Employee is not releasing (a) the right to enforce this agreement or (b) any rights to indemnification pursuant to agreement, by-law, policy or statute, if any, that the Employee maintains. 

2. Section 1542 Waiver . This Release is intended as a full and complete release
and discharge of any and all claims that Employee may have against the Company, Agents or Related Entities. In making this release, Employee intends to release the Company, Agents and Related Entities from liability of any nature whatsoever for any
claim of damages or injury or for equitable or declaratory relief of any kind, whether the claim, or any facts on which such claim might be based, is known or unknown to Employee. Employee expressly waives all rights under 1542 of the Civil
Code of the State of California, which Employee understands provides as follows: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS
WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 
 Employee acknowledges that he may discover facts different from or in addition to those that he now believes to be true with respect to
this Release. Employee agrees that this Release shall remain effective notwithstanding the discovery of any different or additional facts. 3. Waiver of Certain Claims . Employee acknowledges that he has been advised in writing of her right to consult with an attorney prior to executing the waivers set out in this Release, and that he
has been given a 21-day period in which to consider entering into the release of ADEA claims, if any. In addition, Employee acknowledges that he has been informed that he may revoke a signed waiver of the ADEA claims for up to 7 days after executing
this Release. 4. Confidentiality Agreement . Employee acknowledge and reaffirms that Employee s obligations in
respect of the Employee Invention Assignment, Patent, and Confidential Information Agreement entered into between the parties on ________ shall remain in full force and effect following the execution of this Release, and Employee hereby represents
that Employee has complied and will continue to fully comply with those obligations. 5. Non-disparagement . Employee
agrees that he will not at any time disparage, criticize or ridicule any of the Released Entities, or make any negative public comments, whether by way of news interviews, posting comments on, or publishing internet blogs or webpages (whether or not
done anonymously), publishing and/or circulating any other form of media, or the expression of Employee s personal views, opinions or judgments to the media, internet blogs and webpages, or otherwise (whether or not done anonymously), or to
current or former officers, directors or employees of the Released Parties. 6. Cooperation . Employee agrees that
Employee will cooperate with the Company (or its present and former parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities) and its legal counsel in connection with any current or future litigation, pursuant to the issuance of a valid subpoena,
relating to matters with which Employee was involved or of which Employee has knowledge or which occurred during Employee s employment at the Company. Such assistance will include, but not be limited to, depositions and testimony and will
continue until such matters are resolved. The Company will provide Employee with reasonable notice whenever possible of the need for cooperation; will make all reasonable efforts to schedule cooperation so as not to interfere with Employee s
employment or professional obligations; and will reimburse Employee for all reasonable travel, lodging and meal costs incurred in providing requested assistance. 

7. Return of Property . Employee represents that Employee has returned to the Company
all company property and equipment of any kind in Employee s possession or control. This includes computer equipment (hardware and software), BlackBerry, iPhone or similar device, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges,
identification cards and all files, documents, copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored), relating to the business of the Released Parties, their clients or prospective clients. 
 8. Nonsolicitation . Employee hereby covenants and agrees that for a period of twelve months following the effective date of this
Release, Employee shall not, without the written consent of the Company, either directly or indirectly: solicit, offer employment to, or take any other action intended (or that a reasonable person acting in like circumstances would expect) to have
the effect of causing any officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, to terminate his or her employment and accept employment or become affiliated with or provide services for compensation in any capacity whatsoever
to, any business whatsoever that competes with the business of the Company or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or affiliates. 9. No Undue Influence . This Release is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence. Employee acknowledges he has read this Release and executed it with full and free consent. No
provision of this Release shall be construed against any party by virtue of the fact that such party or its counsel drafted such provision or the entirety of this Release. 10. Governing Law . This Release is made and entered into in the State of California and accordingly the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall in all respects be construed,
interpreted, enforced and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to contracts entered into by and between residents of California to be wholly performed within California. 
 11. Severability . If any provision of this Release is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the balance of the provisions of
this Release shall, nevertheless, remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. 
 12. Counterparts . This Release may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, each of, which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Release may be executed by facsimile, with originals to follow by overnight courier. 13. Dispute Resolution Proceedings . Any dispute or claim arising out of this Release shall be subject to final and binding arbitration. The arbitration will be conducted by one arbitrator who is a
member of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) and will be governed by the Model Employment Arbitration rules of AAA. The arbitration shall be held in Orange County, California. The
arbitrator shall have all authority to determine the arbitrability of any claim and enter a final and binding judgment at the conclusion of any proceedings in respect of the arbitration. Any final judgment only may be appealed on the grounds of
improper bias or improper conduct of the arbitrator. Notwithstanding any rule of AAA or JAMS to the contrary, the provisions of Title 9 of Part 3 of the California Code of Civil Procedure (the CCC including Section 1283.05,
and successor statutes, permitting expanded discovery proceedings shall be applicable to all disputes that are arbitrated under this paragraph. The arbitrator shall have all power and authority to enter orders relating to such discovery as are
allowed under the CCC. The party prevailing in the 

resolution of any such claim will be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to an award of all fees and costs incurred in pursuit of the claim (including reasonable
attorneys fees) without regard to any statute, schedule, or rule of court purported to restrict such award. 14.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and understandings between the
parties, oral or written. 15. Modification; Waivers . No modification, termination or attempted waiver of this
Agreement will be valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such modification, termination or waiver is sought to be enforced. 16. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by writing signed by Employee and the Company. 

Dated: _____________________ 

Employee Name 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d259667dex231.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation
by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-83089, 333-84183, 333-38094, 333-108716, 333-125743, 333-144221, 333-150253, 333-158595, 333-166067 and 333-173206 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-34958, 333-149125, 333-158665 and
333-161789 on Form S-3 of our report dated December 13, 2011, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for
the year ended September 30, 2011. /s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP Costa Mesa, California December 13, 2011 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d259667dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Keith A. Katkin,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: December 13, 2011 
 
 /s/ Keith A. Katkin 

Keith A. Katkin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d259667dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Christine G. Ocampo,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: December 13, 2011 

/s/ Christine G. Ocampo 

Christine G. Ocampo 

Vice President, Finance 

[Principal Financial Officer] 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d259667dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350) In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals (the Company on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 (the Report ), I, Keith A Katkin, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 13, 2011 

/s/ Keith A. Katkin 

Keith A. Katkin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Principal Executive Officer] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d259667dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350) In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals (the Company on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 (the Report ), I, Christine G. Ocampo, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 13, 2011 
 
 /s/ Christine G. Ocampo 

Christine G. Ocampo 

Vice President, Finance 

[Principal Financial Officer] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 avnr-20110930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 avnr-20110930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 avnr-20110930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 avnr-20110930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 avnr-20110930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 avnr-20110930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

